Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Konkan village hopes its cheers are heard in Dublin by PM-in-waiting Leo Varadkar, a native son Paris Agreement: US pullout to slow down global action, unlikely to affect India’s efforts The state of Indian cricket, by Ram Guha Don’t criticise EVMs used in recent polls: Uttarakhand HC Dalit outfit to send 16-ft-long soap to Adityanath to ‘clean himself’ Home Technology Gadgets Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple Inc is expected to announce plans next week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, as the technology company looks to counter the runaway success of Amazon.com Inc's competing Alexa service. By: Reuters | Published:June 3, 2017 10:41 am Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well. Related News Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs Apple registers new MacBooks, iPads ahead of WWDC 2017 Apple Inc is expected to announce plans next week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, as the technology company looks to counter the runaway success of Amazon.com Inc’s competing Alexa service. But the Cupertino, California company is likely to stick to its tested method of focusing on a small amount of features and trying to perfect them, rather than casting as wide a net as possible, according to engineers and artificial intelligence industry insiders. Currently, Apple’s Siri works with only six types of app: ride-hailing and sharing; messaging and calling; photo search; payments; fitness; and auto infotainment systems. At the company’s annual developer conference next week, it is expected to add to those categories. Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon’s Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. But even if Siri doubles its areas of expertise, it will be a far cry from the 12,000 or so tasks that Amazon.com’s Alexa can handle. The difference illustrates a strategic divide between the two tech rivals. Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well. Amazon puts no such restrictions on Alexa, wagering that the voice assistant with the most “skills,” its term for apps on its Echo assistant devices, will gain a loyal following, even if it sometimes makes mistakes and takes more effort to use. The clash of approaches is coming to a head as virtual assistants that respond to voice commands become a priority for the leading tech companies, which want to find new ways of engaging customers and make more money from shopping and online services. PATH TO THE MONEY Now, an iPhone user can say, “Hey Siri, I’d like a ride to the airport” or “Hey Siri, order me a car,” and Siri will open the Uber or Lyft ride service app and start booking a trip. Apart from some basic home and music functions, Alexa needs more specific directions, using a limited set of commands such as “ask” or “tell.” For example, “Alexa, ask Uber for a ride,” will start the process of summoning a car, but “Alexa, order me an Uber” will not, because Alexa does not make the connection that it should open the Uber “skill.” After some setup, Alexa can order a pizza from Domino’s, while Siri cannot get a pie because food delivery is not – so far – one of the categories of apps that Apple has opened up to Siri. “In typical Apple fashion, they’ve allowed for only a few use cases, but they do them very well,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, maker of an intelligent assistant app. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company does not comment on its plans for developers. Amazon said in a statement: “Our goal is to make speaking with Alexa as natural and easy as possible, so we’re looking at ways to improve this over time.” SIDE DISH, NOT ENTREE Apple’s narrower focus could become a problem, said Matt McIlwain, a venture capitalist with Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group. The potential of Apple’s original iPhone did not come to light until thousands of developers started building apps. McIlwain said he expects Apple to add new categories at its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, but not nearly enough to match Alexa’s number of skills. “To attract developers in the modern world, you need a platform,” McIlwain said. “If Apple does not launch a ‘skills store,’ that would be a mistake.” Neither Siri nor Alexa has a clear path to making money. Siri works as an additional tool for controlling traditional apps, and Apple pays money to owners of those apps. Alexa’s skills are free, and developers are not paid. At the moment, because of their limits, voice apps are “a side dish, not the entree,” according to Oren Etzioni, CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. Amazon was wise to not commit to an economic model at such an early state, Etzioni said. “Once a successful economic model for developers emerges, people are going to gravitate to it.” More Related News From India to Silicon Valley, how June software cashed in on Apple’s success Apple iPhone 8 news schematics leaked, size compared with Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 Siri No Comments. Most Read CBSE 10th result 2017 date and time: Results to release post 12 pm, know all updates here CBSE 10th result 2017: Where and how to check result at cbseresults.nic.in, cbse.nic.in CBSE 10th result to be on Bing search Aishwarya Rai lookalike Sneha Ullal left films due to severe illness, stayed away for 4 years. See photos Dangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club now Best of Express NIA raids 14 places in Kashmir, 8 in Delhi in connection with terror funding Six jawans injured as militants attack army convoy near Qazigund 368 militants neutralised in Kashmir since 2014, says Rajnath Singh OpinionAs US withdraws from Paris pact, it’s time the world recognised the real climate leaders OpinionWhy abolishing triple talaq is critical to creating a New India Buzzing Now EntertainmentWonder Woman movie review: Gal Gadot and her superhero will be a hard act to follow EntertainmentKatrina Kaif will go where I take her, says Salman Khan amid cheers EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club TrendingPM Modi and Vladimir Putin took a walk in the park and Twitterati think they are giving perfect #relationshipgoals TrendingRickshaw puller saved girl from committing suicide; after 8 years, she came back in his life to change it forever Top News CBSE 10th result 2017 to be announced today CBI arrests Lt Colonel, middleman involved in Army transfer racket PM Modi reaches France, to hold talks with President Emmanuel Macron Indian comic scene has serious problems: Sexism, bro-code and just a handful of women SportsNew Zealand, Australia share points after rain SportsThe state of Indian cricket, by Ramachandra Guha Lifestyle(Don’t) Keep Calm and Carry On Lifestyle‘We have digested, held in our bellies so much violence that it is hard to be moral': Arundhati Roy TechnologySony Xperia XZ Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs LG G6: Specifications battle TechnologyApple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Jun 03: Latest News Hot morning in Delhi Harley-Davidson recalls 57,000 motorcycles for oil leak Donald Trump calls his maiden foreign trip ‘historic’ Six jawans injured as militants attack army convoy near Qazigund 368 militants neutralised in Kashmir since 2014, says Rajnath Singh                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology The best smartwatch to buy in 2017 The Apple Watch 2 on display Credit: Bloomberg  Matthew Field 3 June 2017 • 6:00am Smartwatches have been a slow burner for many consumers, but as the technology improves and their popularity moves beyond gadget-lovers there are plenty of good reasons to buy one. But smartwatches are part of a crowded and competitive market, and some brands have fallen away, such as the Microsoft Band or the discontinued Moto 360. Many high-end smartwatches have sought to emulate the success of fitness trackers, offering abilities such as heart rate monitoring, GPS and water resistance. Others have gone down a luxury route, trying to match the style of traditional timepieces. The Telegraph has broken down some of the best smartwatches for different uses to help pick a timepiece that is right for you. Should I buy a smartwatch? There has never been a better time to buy a smartwatch. Many of the teething problems in the technology have been dealt with and smartwatches have now moved beyond early adopters to become a genuine tech and style statement. The best smartwatches rival cheaper sports watches for fitness tracking performance, although you can still find good deals on the popular Fitbit and Garmin devices.  And smartwatches offer significantly to levels of connectivity with your smartphone, from answering calls to voice control, while more advanced models can offer 4G connection and contactless payments. Which smartwatch operating system is best? There are three main smartwatch operating systems, most of which offer similar capabilities but with some distinctions. Given that your smartwatch will spend lots of its time connected via Bluetooth to your smartphone, you will want to make sure you have a degree of cross compatibility, although most operating systems now work with all smartphones, whether they run on Android or iOS. WatchOS: The latest WatchOS 3 for Apple smartwatches is lightning fast with upgraded fitness apps and useful features such as theatre mode (which stops your watch waking up accidentally). It is a great system, but is best used alongside and iPhone. Android Wear: The 2.0 edition of Android Wear was a step up  with new functions including Google voice control, Android Pay and the ability to make 4G calls. It is used on most new smartwatches. TizenOS: Used for Samsung smartwatches, it has an intuitive interface and design, but is best suited to Samsung devices. It does have 4G, but currently only in the US. Do I want to use my smartwatch for sport? When buying a smartwatch you will want to consider whether you want it as a fitness aid or a fashion statement. There are some differences between smartwatches and fitness trackers. Fitness trackers often have less functionality when it comes to reading and responding to texts or emails. But plenty of smartwatches are tailored for outdoorsy types and fitness fanatics, with step and calorie counters linked to your smartphone. If you want a smartwatch for sport you should also consider one with a more durable watch face, silicon straps and waterproofing. If you prefer a smartwatch as a style accessory plenty come with leather and other materials as straps, and there are a number of watch brands that now make smartwatches, although you will pay premium for the best materials. How much should I pay for a smartwatch? Realistically, a good budget smartwatch should cost around £100 to £150. Fitbit's Blaze is probably the best cheap smartwatch, although it is simple in design and doesn't have all the features of the Android Wear operating system. Mid-range smartwatches will run between £200 and £300. At this level you should be getting Android Wear 2 software or an Apple Watch. More expensive smartwatches of £300 and up will have voice control and luxury features such as deep waterproofing. Many will also be a fashion statement to compete with the best traditional brands. Bear in mind that this technology is still developing and, like your smartphone, you may end up having to replace your smartwatch every few years, unlike the lifetime of service you could get out of a traditional watch. Other things to look out for in a smartwatch: Screen size: A screen that is too small may be fiddly to use, a screen that is too large may be heavy and chunky. Some smartwatches come in more than one size to fit different wrists. Battery life:  This is the main sticking point for many smartwatch users. Battery life can vary hugely and is unimpressive compared to any normal watch. Ideally you want at least two days of charge with limited use, with regular use you may see a lot less. Processor and storage: Most smartwatches will have similar processors that do not make huge levels to difference to performance and many come with 4GB of storage as standard. Below are some of the best smartwatches you can buy now. The latest LG Watch Style has been left out as it has not yet been released in the UK, while the Moto 360 and Microsoft Band are also out as the manufacturers have put a hold on their smartwatch ranges. The history of wearable technology 01:26 Under £250 Sony Smartwatch 3 Credit: Sony Display: 1.6 inch Operating system: Android Wear Battery life: up to two days This impressive budget smartwatch filled in a lot of the gaps left by earlier cheap devices, fitting the bill on key smartwatch capabilities without compromising on price. This Sony watch has GPS, a compass, waterproofing, calls and 4GB of internal memory for storing music on the go and works with Android Wear for all the apps you need from Facebook notifications to emails. It has Google's voice control, although not the Google Assistant of more expensive brands and later updates to Android's operating system mean this watch could become less useful. It's also not the most stylish device compared to other brands. Pros: Cheap, GPS, compass, big screen Cons: Chunky design Price: £89.99 in green, £139.89 in black Buy now Fitbit Blaze Credit: Bloomberg Display: 1.25-inch Operating system: Fitbit software Battery life: up to 5 days Fitbit's Blaze is a useful little smartwatch idea at a great price. However, unlike other models it does lack the functionality of the Apple Watch or Samsung Gear, with few native apps, and with the Apple Watch proving such a good fitness tracking device the Fitbit has a lot of competition. But for almost £200 less than Apple's premium model, the Fitbit does punch above its weight. If all you need is simple tasks, such as answering or dismissing calls, all packed with Fitbit's activity tracking expertise this smartwatch is a good bet. Pros: Made for sport and running, sleep tracking, Fitbit app, battery life Cons: No voice control, limited smartwatch functionality Price: £139.95 with John Lewis, £159.99 with Fitbit Buy now Fossil Q Credit: Fossil Display: 1.4-inch Operating system: Android Wear 2.0 Battery life: 24 hours Updated with Android Wear 2.0, the new Fossil Q smartwatch can cover the ground you need with texts, alarm, calendar alerts and a fitness tracker, as well as an LED flashlight and Google voice control to perform some simple tasks. While it does have a nice traditional look, it is actually a very bulky watch on the wrist at around 14mm, while the average 24 hour battery life is not brilliant. The leather strap does make this watch quite attractive, but means it needs some protection from water and the elements. Pros: Traditional design, plenty of custom builds,  Google Assistant voice control Cons: Fairly limited battery life, chunky Price: £188. 72 with Amazon, £229 with House of Fraser Buy now Huawei Watch Credit: Huawei Display: 1.4 Operating system: Android Wear Battery life: one and a half days If you want a smartwatch that looks more like a traditional timepiece then the original Huawei Watch is still a great bet, and now comes in as a relatively budget option in the world of smartwatches. Compared to recent new releases such as the Samsung Gear S3 it is good value and was the best Android watch around on its initial release. You can choose between leather straps or stainless steel, however the leather option will be more vulnerable to water damage. It has a sharp, circular screen with high 400 x 400 resolution. It can also be upgraded to Android Wear 2.0, which will offer more Google voice control. Pros: Premium look and good screen quality Cons: Now two years old, not waterproofed Price: £219.99 Buy now Asus Zenwatch 3 Credit: Asus Display: 1.39-inch Operating system: Android Wear 1.5 Battery life: up to two days The Asus Zenwatch is a good looking device. With the option of leather straps and a bold, bright 1.39 inch face with 400 x 400 resolution it is easy to look at. It has reasonable fitness monitoring ability and can act as a mouthpiece for taking calls on your phone. However, the current lack of an Android Wear 2 update means there are many limits such as no Google Assistant voice commands (although it does support the simpler Google Now) and limited waterproofing.   Pros: Good looks and bright screen Cons: Lacking in latest operating system Price: £229 Buy now Under £300 Apple Watch Series 1 Credit: Bloomberg Display: 1.65-inch Operating system: watchOS Battery life: 18 hours regular use, up to two days While it does lack some of the more advanced features of the Series 2 such as extra waterproofing and GPS, the Apple Watch Series 1 is still a premium smartwatch. It has the easily navigable watchOS and the functionality of Siri, as well as Apple Pay. The Apple Watch is now also considered one of the top fitness watches you can buy, with intuitive fitness tracking apps and a heart rate monitor.  While Apple says its battery life should be 18 hours with regular use, most people will easily get two days out of the watch if you limit use to time checking and the odd workout. Pros: Almost as good as the Series 2, significantly cheaper Cons: Not as waterproofed and no GPS Price: £269 Buy now Samsung Gear S3 Credit: Samsung Display: 1.3-inch Operating system: Tizen Battery life: up to 4 days Samsung's latest Gear S3 watch has a classic look and plenty of features to make this a brilliant smartwatch. On this smartwatch you can rotate the bezel to perform tasks such as responding to calls or reading messages, although its touchscreen is slightly on the smaller side for a fairly large watch. It can also use S Voice for voice control to make a call or send a text, and it features Samsung Pay. It has GPS and a solid battery life, meaning you will only have to take it off for charging every few days. It comes in two designs with a rugged "frontier" version and a smart "classic" look. However, the Gear S3 does only have water resistance to a distance of 1.5 metres, limited compared to the Apple Watch Series 2. Pros: Great battery life, innovative bezel for quick functions, S Voice control Cons: Smaller screen and limited water resistance Price: £295.00 Buy now Huawei Smartwatch 2 Credit: Huawei Display: 1.2 inch Operating system: Android Wear 2.0 Battery life: up to two days Huawei's 2017 watch outing mirrors some of the design elements of the original Huawei Watch, although the availability of its "classic" design is currently limited in the UK. As well as standard apps, Google Assistant voice control and the ability to make Android Pay contactless payments, the Huawei Watch 2 is one step ahead with integrated 4G connectivity, allowing you to make calls directly from your watch away from your phone. Downsides include battery life which, for a watch that costs this much, is a little low. It is only splash resistant and lacks GPS functions that are part of its main rival in the Apple Watch Series 2. Pros: 4G option, classic look, voice control Cons: Limited water resistance, no GPS, expensive for 4G Price: £269 from Amazon (no 4G) £299 from Amazon (with 4G), £379 from Currys (with 4G) Buy now Luxury smartwatches Apple Watch Series 2 Credit: Bloomberg Display: 1.65-inch Operating system: watchOS Battery life: 18 hours regular use, up to two days The Apple Watch Series 2 is still one of the best smartwatches you can buy with tonnes of great features and running on the smooth watchOS. It has a brighter OLED (organic LED) display than its predecessor and is water resistant up to 50 metres. Other great features include a heart rate sensor, accelerometer and built-in GPS. It is, however, hit by a hefty price tag, and although the design appeals to some it is not the most stylish timepiece around. For something a little different you can pay more for a stainless steel case and metallic strap, but this pushes the price up to nearly £700. Pros: Water resistant, sharp screen, watchOS, GPS Cons: Expensive, battery life, no sleep tracking Price: £396 for aluminium case, £699 with stainless steel case and Milanese loop Buy now Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 Credit: TAG Heuer Display: 1.39 inch Operating system: Android Wear 2.0 Battery life: 25 hours with regular use Luxury Swiss watchmaker Tag Heuer was never going to be the cheapest option. If you are willing to shell out more than £1,000 on a smartwatch then you can with the Connected Modular 45. It has a striking look, while its modular flexibility makes for great customisation, although this in a sense loses the more iconic look of some Swiss watches. It has GPS, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity, although no 4G (which is likely to become standard on the more expensive smartwatches). It also has no heart rate monitor, making it a little less useful for fitness fans. If style is your main concern, the Tag Heuer ticks the boxes, but with smartwatches likely to keep evolving it may be too much of an investment just yet. Pros: Premium build and design Cons:  Price: £1,200 from Tag Heuer, £5,700 (with diamond studded bezel) Buy now Best technology you can buy grid   Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Related Topics TAG Heuer Android Apple Watch Smartwatches Apple Show more Technology latest 03 Jun 2017, 3:09am A wizard idea? Harry Potter fans set to get magical pub in London 02 Jun 2017, 4:16pm Sage sells US payments business for £200m 02 Jun 2017, 4:11pm Facebook 'to launch new teen messaging app that can be monitored by parents' 02 Jun 2017, 4:00pm Laptop deals for June 2017 02 Jun 2017, 3:59pm WWDC 2017: iOS 11 best features and release date, plus everything we know about Apple's new software 02 Jun 2017, 3:59pm When is WWDC 2017 and what will Tim Cook and Apple announce? 02 Jun 2017, 12:59pm Comment: Facebook's moderation policy aids bullies and censors their victims. When will we stand up? Jane Fae Premium Gallery 02 Jun 2017, 12:23pm Gallery: What will the iPhone 8 look like? 02 Jun 2017, 12:21pm iPhone 8: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know 02 Jun 2017, 12:01pm The new space race: Why tourists could travel to space as early as next year Premium 02 Jun 2017, 11:53am Google Doodle celebrates ICC Champions Trophy with addictive cricket game - what you need to know about tournament 02 Jun 2017, 11:24am Self-driving cars will add $7 trillion a year to global economy, says Intel 02 Jun 2017, 10:50am Delayed flight? This app will automatically reimburse you Gallery 02 Jun 2017, 9:25am Gallery: Inside Google's spectacular new London offices 02 Jun 2017, 8:04am Why does Google Street View’s 'Pegman' have a party hat and balloons? 01:35 02 Jun 2017, 7:00am Snapchat Spectacles go on sale in the UK: Where to buy them and how they work 02 Jun 2017, 6:00am Driverless cars, hypersonic tunnels, no more traffic lights... Is this the future of travel? 01 Jun 2017, 9:04pm Facebook shareholders reject fake news proposal 01 Jun 2017, 5:31pm BT to show Champions League final clips on Snapchat 01 Jun 2017, 4:46pm Uber 'on path to profitability' as losses fall to $708m 00:41 01 Jun 2017, 4:07pm Japan launches rocket in first phase of new GPS Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 5 Sites to Find Anything Shown in Movies and TV Shows Internet Entertainment 5 Sites to Find Anything Shown in Movies and TV Shows Mihir Patkar June 3, 2017 03-06-2017 4 minutes 5 Sites to Find Anything Shown in Movies and TV Shows Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Movies and TV shows have a big impact on what we like. Back to the Future single-handedly turned the DeLorean into a collectible car. Scrubs made musician Colin Hay into a household name. And haven’t you always wanted to have what Meg Ryan was having in that scene in When Harry Met Sally? If you saw something in a movie or a TV show, there’s a good chance you’ll find it on one of these sites. Sure, some of it is sponsored product placement, like Apple’s efforts to make you buy its gadgets How Apple Owns Hollywood, and Makes You Buy Its Products How Apple Owns Hollywood, and Makes You Buy Its Products It seems that any film -- no matter what genre -- features an Apple product. In fact, Apple products constantly pop up in Hollywood movies. As we're about to explore. Read More . But so what? As long as it’s actually cool, let’s find out what that thing is. 1. Food: Binging With Babish Andrew Rea loves cooking. He also loves movies and TV shows. So, Rea started a YouTube channel where he recreates famous dishes from what he watches. And as the proverbial cherry on top, he named it Binging With Babish, after The West Wing‘s character Oliver Babish. Rea is brilliant at recreating the recipes. He pays attention to the description of these fictional items, like Eggs Wodehouse from Archer or Homer Simpson’s Moon Waffles. And then he sets about making it in his kitchen, with top-notch video production. Don’t watch this one on an empty stomach. Binging With Babish is not particularly helpful to help you learn how to cook. For that, seek out YouTube channels where professional chefs share their secrets 6 YouTube Cooking Channels Where Professional Chefs Share Their Secrets 6 YouTube Cooking Channels Where Professional Chefs Share Their Secrets Interested in sharpening your kitchen skills? It's the pro chefs you should listen to. You'd be surprised to know that some of the best in the business run channels on YouTube. Read More . This one is all about food porn, mixed with a love for movies and shows. 2. Clothes: FilmGarb and Worn On TV Would you like a pair of the iconic sunglasses worn by all the characters in The Matrix? Or maybe you want to look as hot as the cast of Suits. Actors have wardrobe specialists to dress them up, so if you want to imitate their style, head to one of these two sites. Both FilmGarb and Worn On TV have been around for some time now. While FilmGarb covers both movies and TV shows, Worn On TV is all about the idiot box. Of the two, Worn On TV is a bit better to browse. You can select the show you want, and even the characters from the show. That will give you a list of photos, and one click will take you to buy it. It’s a fantastic fashion and style app to find the right outfit 5 Women's Fashion and Style Apps to Find the Right Outfit 5 Women's Fashion and Style Apps to Find the Right Outfit Finding the right dress can be a world of pain. Here are some of the foolproof women-centric apps to find the right outfit. Read More . FilmGarb is not that great to browse, but its search function makes up for it. If something from a movie caught your eye, chances are that FilmGarb will tell you the product and where to get it. 3. Music: What-Song and TuneFind Songs and background scores are essential to building the mood in a scene. If you aren’t quick enough to Shazam that song to identify it Which Music Identification App Is King? Which Music Identification App Is King? Smartphones armed with music recognition apps make it easy to find out which song is playing at any given time, but which service is best? We compared Shazam, SoundHound and MusicID to find out. Read More , then What-Song and TuneFind will solve your problem. What-Song is the newer of the two, and is all about streaming songs featured in movies and TV shows. In my limited test, its catalog wasn’t that impressive, but hey, if you find what you want, you can listen to the song right there. TuneFind is a far more comprehensive database, covering almost any movie or TV show you can think of. It has also been around for a long time, and has an active community of users. In fact, it has yet to fail me in a search. In fact, TuneFind’s “Trending Music” can be a new way to find music without being overwhelmed 5 Ways to Discover New Music Without Being Overwhelmed 5 Ways to Discover New Music Without Being Overwhelmed How do you discover new music? These five easy tools will help you find new songs and fresh albums without feeling overwhelmed. Read More . 4. Cars: IMCDB Movies and TV shows have immortalized some cars in our memory, like the Gran Torino from Starsky and Hutch or James Bond’s Aston Martin DB5. But what about the lesser-known cars? Tom Hardy spent the whole of the movie Locke driving a car, but what car was it? What was Mr. Wolf driving in Pulp Fiction? And sometimes, you see a car in the background or a small scene, like the one Keanu Reeves commandeers in Speed. IMCDB can answer any car question from any film. IMCDB’s is perfect for any gearhead The 10 Best YouTube Channels For Automotive Enthusiasts The 10 Best YouTube Channels For Automotive Enthusiasts The Internet’s favorite video streaming site is brimming with excellent automotive channels that provide informative reviews, excellent head-to-head comparisons, and in some cases, a fair bit of humor. Read More out there. The community scours every frame of a movie to find which vehicles are in it. And then it’s all listed on the site. Search for the movie, and you’ll see snapshots of every point where a new car makes its first appearance. 5. Places: Movie Locations We know that the hills are alive with the sound of music, but which hills in Austria were these? Wait, was the film really shot in Austria? For all that and more, visit Movie Locations. The site is a treasure trove of information about famous places from famous movies. If you’re a frequent traveler, then this is a great resource to travel like the stars did Travel Like the Stars: 5 Famous Film Routes for Your Next Trip Travel Like the Stars: 5 Famous Film Routes for Your Next Trip Hollywood is no stranger to travel films. From road trips in America to globe-trotting excursions. If you're planning to travel soon, you can recreate the journey of one of your favorite stars. Read More . All the locations are pinned on Google Maps, so you get precise directions too. Unfortunately, no one has updated Movie Locations since 2015, so you won’t find any new films on it. But if the film you’re looking for is before 2015, then this large repository will likely point out the exact place. Your Favorite Fictional Food? Watching Binging With Babish is a treat for anyone who loves films and foods just as much. I’ve always wondered what the Big Kahuna Burger from Pulp Fiction was like, and to see it happening on screen was a delight. And I must have it! Which fictional food do you want to eat? Previous PostHow to Create Social Media Polls and Quiz Your Friends About Anything 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Mihir Patkar 814 articles Mihir Patkar is a freelance writer on technology and life hacks, who firmly believes chocolate is the answer to any question. You can usually find him saying other such silly things on Twitter. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Advertisement Related Articles 5 Apps and Tools to Organize Your Job Search Internet 5 Apps and Tools to Organize Your Job Search 5 Ways to Deal With Migraines and Chronic Headaches Internet 5 Ways to Deal With Migraines and Chronic Headaches Do You Use Wrong Emojis? Take This Quiz to Know the Meanings Internet Social Media Do You Use Wrong Emojis? Take This Quiz to Know the Meanings Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Saturday, June 3, 2017 Login Subscribe Legal ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Cannabis Culture Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Apple faces a tricky issue: Innovation is hard     By Vindu Goel The New York Times June 3, 2017   Today’s Business stories U.S. hiring beginning to slow Europe studying a future role for autonomous buses Apple faces a tricky issue: Innovation is hard Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting soon Business Highlights More Business »   SAN FRANCISCO — As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other devices at its developer conference Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable issue: Many of its existing features are too complicated for many users to figure out. At last year’s conference, for example, Apple’s top software executive, Craig Federighi, demonstrated how users could order food, scribble doodles and send funny images known as stickers in chats on its Messages app. The idea was to make Messages, one of the most popular apps on the iPhone, into an all-purpose tool like China’s WeChat. But the process of finding and installing other apps in Messages is so tricky that most users have no idea they can even do it, developers and analysts say. DoorDash, a food-delivery app that Federighi displayed on stage as a model of the new feature, dropped its Messages app for group orders a few months after releasing it because it drew little interest. “While we didn’t end up moving forward with it, we’re excited about other ways we’re making delivery faster and more efficient,” Andy Fang, a founder of DoorDash and the company’s chief technology officer, said in a statement. A similar lack of enthusiasm among users and developers has limited adoption of the iPhone’s 3-D Touch feature, where a long, hard press on an app sometimes offers additional options such as viewing an email without opening it. And sales of the Apple Watch have been hampered by the steep learning curve it requires of users, who must master pushing, turning and tapping various parts of the watch and a related iPhone app. “There’s just so much stuff,” said David de Min, chief executive of Velapp, a startup based in London. “They are trying to cram things in.” Velapp has just released a video recording app that uses 3-D Touch to help users select the best parts of a video while recording it. But de Min said that few other developers were using the technology, in part because iPhone users were unaware of it. “It’s not something you can really see,” he said. “People don’t understand it.” Apple, which declined to comment for this article, makes many updates that are popular with users, from changes to the Siri voice assistant to automatically transcribed voicemail messages. At this year’s Apple Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, Calif., the company is expected to introduce improved Mac computers and iPads, software updates for all of its hardware and a voice-activated speaker to compete with Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home. With Apple adding fewer major features in recent years, customers have been slower to upgrade their devices. App developers are also pausing in what had been a race to embrace Apple’s latest innovations. Eliran Sapir, chief executive of Apptopia, an analytics firm, said that new apps were being introduced at half the rate they were a year ago. Apple TV apps are hot, he said, but developers are fleeing Apple Watch. “There is no way to monetize the watch whatsoever,” he said. The slow uptake of apps for Messages and 3-D Touch is evident in the numbers. There are 5,000 regular apps and 30,000 sticker apps for Messages, according to Randy Nelson, head of mobile insights at Sensor Tower, an app analytics firm. Only about 3,600 of the 2.5 million apps in the iOS app store promote their compatibility with 3-D Touch. “You get your new iPhone and you don’t know that 3-D Touch and apps in Messages even exist,” Nelson said. Although stickers account for 97 of the top 100 Messages apps, he said, some users are so confused that they post app reviews like, “I downloaded these Disney stickers. How do I use them?” That is not exactly in line with the simple “it just works” philosophy that Apple built its business on. Apple is not the only major technology company struggling to find the right balance between constant innovation and ease of use. Facebook has changed course several times in its approach to apps and bots within its Messenger app and regularly battles feature overload in its News Feed. Google, whose search box is a paragon of simplicity, famously retreated from an attempt to tie all of its services together with the unwieldy Google Plus social network. Ben Reubenstein, chief executive of Possible Mobile, which makes apps for companies like JetBlue Airways and Turner, said he would like to see Apple simplify and smooth out some of its current features. He said Messages apps have potential if Apple can figure out how to make it easier for people to find them. Reubenstein pointed to a feature of Google Photos as an example of the simplicity that people want. He said he backs up his iPhone photos to Google, which uses face recognition to tag people in the images. For Mother’s Day, Google made it so easy to create quick movies from those photos that he made three, for his mother, his mother-in-law and his wife. Chalen Duncan, a graduate student in emerging media at the University of Georgia, was so frustrated by the interface for stickers and apps in Messages that he redesigned it and posted his version online. “At its core, it’s a discoverability issue,” said Duncan, who worked part time on Apple’s telephone tech-support team during college and hopes to get a design job there in the future. “People just don’t know the stickers exist.” He said he had to teach his friends how to install and use Messages stickers by sending them multiple screenshots. “A lot of people will think it’s their fault, and it’s really the designer’s fault,” he said. “People want apps to be easy to use.” More Business articles »     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business U.S. hiring beginning to slow Business Europe studying a future role for autonomous buses Business Apple faces a tricky issue: Innovation is hard Business Walmart may have reached employment peak Business Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting soon Business Business Highlights     Opinion Editorial Red lights and speeders Bill would let cities increase use of cameras Oregon cities that install cameras at intersections to catch motorists running red lights may soon be able to also use them to catch speeders under House Bill 2409. The bill has passed both the state … Oregon’s quiet example New pay equity law a big boost for people with disabilities Business and politics — it’s a family affair More Opinion » Weekend Out and About Stretch the imagination Sit back, relax to enjoy impressive season of outdoor concerts, movies, plays Mild summer nights, even during the work week, are the only excuse most of us need to pack a picnic dinner, grab a few blankets and head to our neighborhood parks to enjoy a truly … Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, June 3-4 Structured playtime Patio décor sets free-spirited tone More Weekend » Tastings Restaurants Familiar faces, fresh flavors Noisette Pastry Kitchen owners serve up something special for Salt & Sweet Wine Bar service on Friday and Saturday nights Patrons at Noisette Pastry Kitchen in downtown Eugene are used to approaching the counter and ordering coffee and something from the large selection of pastries. Perhaps a lemon tart, a slice of apple galette with … The art of the blend Stirring the senses at Cafe Soriah Coffee roaster with an axe to grind More Tastings »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Laptop Surface Book Surface Pro Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Take a closer look Seeing Microsoft's mobile future requires big-picture perspective Monkey see monkey do Is Microsoft's Fluent Design a clone of Google's Material Design? The ol' switcheroo Moving to the iPhone 7? We'll help you make the switch Big Brother will be watching Dystopian abuse of Microsoft's powerful AI camera tech is inevitable Continuum vs. Win32 Microsoft's Stefan Wick talks UWP, Continuum and more < > Surface Laptop Surface Pro Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Pre-order: Surface Laptop | NEW Surface Pro Don't be ibm Without 'cool factor' Microsoft may never see true consumer success By Jason Ward Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 12:00 pm EDT 106 Comments Jason L Ward is a columnist at Windows Central. He provides unique big picture analysis of the complex world of Microsoft. Jason takes the small clues and gives you an insightful big picture perspective through storytelling that you won't find anywhere else. Seriously, this dude thinks outside the box. Follow him on Twitter at @JLTechWord. He's doing the "write" thing! Microsoft is one of the world's most recognized brands. Sadly that recognition has not translated into widespread consumer success. The company is part of the "background" of many of our lives. That's both a blessing and curse. The blessing is Microsoft's products and services help many of us get things done. The curse is that Microsoft's presence is often like the white noise used to lull people to sleep. Conversely, Apple and Google are like hit songs that are intentionally turned on, cranked up, and for which the lyrics are memorized and sung in sync with the artist. These companies are synced with consumers in a way Microsoft is not but needs to be. For instance, Microsoft's premiere product, Office, is the industry's status quo for productivity. It's how we get work done. But for many, it's an uninspiring and boring necessity. Apple's premiere product, the iPhone, and various phones running Google's Android, however, are fun. They make users feel good and are part of their personal expression. Apple and Google have what many call "cool factor." Microsoft? Well, it's getting there. Microsoft has money to burn, resources galore and is a globally recognized brand. Microsoft also ranked ninth in the 2016 Top 100 Millennial Brands: Moose Tracker Report. This was above number eleven ranked Google but below number one ranked Apple which is also the most valuable company. So why can't Microsoft seem to emerge from a position of background noise and leap to the forefront of what consumers want? The personal computing disconnect Personal computing is Microsoft's forte, and 88.75 percent of homes and businesses that use PCs use Windows PCs. That fact is a legacy of Microsoft's heyday when the company's PC dominance in the enterprise trickled into the consumer space. Smartphones are now the go-to "computer" for many personal computing tasks. Smartphones function as an access point to a horde of personal information making them the most personal object most of us carry. They're also the portal to the broader ecosystems of the providers of mobile platforms. This portal has helped Apple and Google, the two companies that dominate the mobile space, cement themselves in the collective minds of the masses. Daily, billions of users interact with Google's and Apple's ecosystems in ways that feel good and personal, not required and functional, which is often Microsoft's plight. Microsoft isn't oblivious to its poor consumer rapport. It's made multiple, but failed, attempts to bring its enterprise success to the consumer space. Microsoft flops: Kin, Kinect, Windows Phone and Zune Here are several areas where Microsoft failed in the consumer space. Microsoft Kin After two years of development and a strategic acquisition of Danger Incorporated, Microsoft in 2010 launched the social network-focused Kin smartphone. It was targeted at the trend-setting 18- to 30-year-old demographic. The phone was only on the market for 48 days when it was unceremoniously discontinued. It briefly returned as a cheaper but also unsuccessful feature phone. In-fighting within Microsoft resulted in the project falling under different leadership, a change in the original vision and a delay to market, and all of that is blamed for Kin's demise. Microsoft Zune Launched in 2006 Microsoft's Zune was the company's answer to Apple's iPod which launched five years earlier. Apple's significant lead continued with its 2007 launch of iPod Touch two years before the 2009 Zune HD. In addition to consumer mindshare, Apple garnered developer and other support which supplied Apple's ecosystem with millions of apps and accessories that supported the iPod's market position. Unable to compete, the Zune was discontinued in 2011, five years after its launch. Kinect Microsoft's Kinect, which used a natural user interface of motion-detecting and voice interaction was introduced in 2010 as part of Xbox 360. In 2011, the Kinect SDK was announced as well as the Kinect for Windows program. There was a lot of anticipation as hundreds of companies around the world had shown interest in building apps for Kinect. Though the Kinect 2.0 received deeper Universal Windows Platform (UWP) integration and Windows Hello capabilities late last year, the initial fervor for the myriad uses of the technology in various industries has significantly diminished. And the consumer-facing gaming aspects for Kinect have all but fizzled out. Windows Phone After an enduring presence in the enterprise-focused smartphone space since the early 2000s, Microsoft finally entered the consumer smartphone market three years after the iPhone and two years after Android in 2010. Windows Phones' fluid and unique OS never caught on with consumers. Limited marketing and distribution, "breaks" in the platform on its way to OneCore, poor developer support, a lack of inspiring flagships, and the buggy Windows 10 Mobile have been the platform's plight. A reputation for having no apps, the vocal discontent of disenchanted fans and consistently negative press have poisoned the waters for Windows phones among consumers. Windows phone isn't dead These flops and a history of early innovation with little to no consumer-facing follow through have hampered Microsoft's consumer success. Microsoft could have beat the iPad and Siri to market, for instance, based on early investments in tablets and AI. It's not all bad Microsoft introduced Xbox in 2001, and despite competition from Sony's PlayStation, unrelenting investments made it a consumer success. Similarly, unyielding commitment and drive turned the failing Surface into a category-defining (2-in-1 PCs) billion dollar business and one of the industry's most respected brands. TV marketing ads, network TV product placements (for example, Black-ish) and corporate partnerships such as the contract with the NFL position Surface beside Xbox in the consumer consciousness. Despite NFL commentators' references to Surface as an iPad, Microsoft is gaining "cool points." The Surface is still in a battle for "prime time," however. ABC News reporters "use" the Surface, kind of. Throughout the news segments, Surfaces remain untouched on the news desk, behind the iPads that the reporters actively use. Hopefully, Microsoft can get ABC to move from displaying Surfaces to using them on national television. Still, the brand has expanded to include the college student-focused Surface Laptop, and the Apple's creatives-stealing Surface Studio. The former has yet to be tested in the market, and the latter has piqued the interest of its intended target. Furthermore, Microsoft has added and will be bringing new features to Windows 10 such as Paint 3D, Mixed Reality, system-wide inking and more, which the company hopes will appeal to consumers. Microsoft's Mixed Reality wearable computer, HoloLens, is arguably the coolest product it has created. If it were ready for the consumer market, the company would doubtlessly be considered cool. Alas, the next iteration of HoloLens has been pushed out to 2019. Part of pop culture Despite Microsoft's Xbox and Surface success and potential with Mixed Reality, to the average consumer, the company doesn't occupy the same space as Apple or Google. As the leading search engine, "Google" has become a verb in our dialogue when it's time to, well, Google something. Apple's former CEO Steve Jobs through vision, standards for quality and marketing genius, imbued the company and its products with an intangible value that the media and consumers "feel" to this day. Additionally, movies about this iconic leader are an expression of the influence he and Apple had on the world. Microsoft needs to do more with its 'do-more' vision Microsoft doesn't have the pop culture appeal of Google and Apple. As a "do-more" company, it has focused on providing businesses and individuals with the tools to do more. Its enterprise-focused legacy has taught the company to exist "in the shadows" as the platform or infrastructure that helps others get things done. This mentality and associated marketing methods don't work in the sensory, in-your-face consumer space. Successful consumer-facing companies aggressively tell consumers why they need a product, how it'll improve their lives, and convince them it solves a problem they didn't know they had. Beyond Xbox and Surface, Microsoft lacks the aggression and stamina its rivals have in this regard. Microsoft leads in innovation but is slow to turn ideas into products, allowing competitors to beat it to market. The One Microsoft initiative was supposed to enable greater nimbleness by restructuring teams. That hasn't fully materialized. Microsoft's struggling to reach consumers at a point in history when personal computing has never been more consumer influenced. Will Microsoft have the aggression and stamina to market its student-focused Surface Laptop against the MacBook? What about Surface phone or a consumer-focused HoloLens? Sadly, until Microsoft is ready to "do more," it may always covet that elusive cool factor. Reader comments Without 'cool factor' Microsoft may never see true consumer success 106 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Jason Ward Thanks for reading folks! Apple and Google have what Microsoft needs, 'cool factor!' And though there are cool things going on in Microsoft, most consumers just don't see them yet. Hopefully since personal computing is more consumer influenced than ever, Microsoft will get that need cool factor 😎 and build that rapport with consumers it so desperately needs. Well LET'S TALK!!!! 15 14 hours ago Reply sai rahul kankipati windows 10 fluid design system and the surface line up is a great step in that direction and I love it..but the thing that bugs me every single time no matter what is that they don't market their as efficiently as the other big names like google or apple...for instance in my country a non enthusiast unlike us is aware of an iPhone (and unbelievably some also know a google pixel) and they buy just for "cool factor" as jason...but the same people never even heard there is something called a surface line up...i donno what is this thing with the marketing division of microsoft but they should seriously change... I don't think they lack much in 'cool factor'(Right now) but I seriously feel they lack the show off that the other companies do 8 14 hours ago Reply Joscelin Trouwborst Microsoft has to many different brands too. Also, as a brand "Microsoft" has more syllables than Apple and Google, very inconvenient. 1 13 hours ago Reply Nitish_KSharma That's why most people just refer to it as MS -_-  -1 13 hours ago Reply Dillan K I don't know anyone who refers to it as "MS."  Even its stock ticker is longer:  "MSFT" 0 3 hours ago Reply lubbalots Like Windows 10 mobile. Not cool! 0 12 hours ago Reply SenorGravy Microsoft should split off their consumer OS and rename name it surfOS. Still pronounced Surface, but it's an OS? Get it? The WIndows name is old and lame and makes people think about work and boredom. 2 5 hours ago Reply Whodaboss @SenorGravy Been saying that for years!  Microsoft naming of their phone OS did them in.  Very few people want to use a Microsoft device because it reminds them of WORK!  Word!  Excel!  PowerPoint!  It doesn't conjure up anything COOL!  It doesn't.  I might see past those things but the regular Joe and Jane does not.  It's really that simple. 2 4 hours ago Reply Nitish_KSharma I agree with you on this. They have enough cool stuff specially in recent they have gotten pretty cool. Its their lack of proper communication with layman target audience and proper marketing. They tried to do it with Windows 8 when I remeber even in India it was launched with funky songs and dance numbers in ad and people loved it but the product was not very impressive there. MS has a traditional problem of living in techie's bubble. We love them for this because that's a company where engineers handle everything and as a Computer Engineer I like that notion but that breaks things with other common people. But I would say; I have observed that they also feel it. Probably they should just go to big firm such as Wieden+Kennedy which did "Where do you wanna go next" for them and that campaign is the most succesful campaign for MS as of now. Proper communication is what's needed for MS.  1 12 hours ago Reply cybersaurusrex Microsoft still relies way too much on the "Windows" brand.  It's an old brand associated with "your job"... and carries A LOT of "baggage." Whatever the next iteration of Windows Mobile/Phone is... it should not be called "Windows"... even if it is strongly related to Windows and Office.  There's nothing wrong with highlighting the synchronicities... but the "Windows" brand is tarnished. 3 8 hours ago Reply n m Totally agree. To the masses Windows means viruses on the PC, blue screens and tiny work cubicles. Windows should be by association only and not the headline act. 1 6 hours ago Reply rodneyej Agree.... I've been saying this for years. 6 13 hours ago Reply DavidinCT Thanks Jason... This has always been Microsoft's problem. The Xbox did well because there is a huge gamer community and it's one of those things, you make good games, that are fun and show quality, the gamers will come. Windows has always been known (from Win 95/98 days) for gaming, so it was fairly easy for them to go this way. The Xbox was known as the DirectX box (Microsofts internal name for it)before they took the name of Xbox... It's a Windows core with DirectX in a nutshel. As for Mobile devices, the KIN failed because of a lot of Microsoft's politics but, one of the other big issues was Verizon wireless. They were exclusive on the KIN/KIN2  but, they insisted that it was a smartphone and put a mandatory $29.99 a month data plan, it got out of the range of most yonger people.  It was dead on arival because of this. If Windows was NOT a needed thing for PCs (If you read the story of how Bill Gates started Microsoft, you would know he was smart but, he was in the right place at the right time...), and another company created "Windows" Microsoft would be a low volume, or even failed company in a competive market. No matter the billions they spend on Marketing, they really have no clue on how to hit the "hip" consumers, they have always have lost this anagle. I think just the name "Microsoft" is not cool to young people because of what they do for the business world. It's why Windows Phone is pretty much dead, They had to climb over the "hip" hill but, they gave up before they hit that market. 2 13 hours ago Reply jason8957 Cool factor, schmool factor.  You hit on the real answer in your article.  The products that Microsoft creates and then continues to invest in, support, market, and refine generally find success (Windows, XBOX, Surface, Office).  The ones that they barely support, rename several times to confuse any consumers, and then abandon mystified by their lack of success, don't succeed (Zune-XBOX Music-Groove, Windows phone or mobile or whatever, RT). 3 13 hours ago Reply Pritam Naskar Windows 10 mobile is not for normal people it's for business class people.....but on the other hand Android and iOS are for all.....do they really know that business class people are less in number comparing with non business class people...even Microsoft employee use iPhone because it's not as buggy as windows 10 mobile.....less features high price ........and poor app......poor developer support.....even poor support from Microsoft....they also push their user either to iOS and Android eco system....so it's better to stick with iOS and android.....why do I care for windows 10 mobile when they only care for business people....I have Ubuntu so no use of windows 10 neither any problem of wanna cry???????   -1 12 hours ago Reply HHammack1 Do you ever get tired of shilling for Google and Apple? Why anyone hire you to write for this site I'll never know. Every article you writer is the worse than the last. -4 10 hours ago Reply Long Xuyen MS continually makes one huge mistake in my not so humble opinion. It announces what appears to be cool stuff and then leaves the actual delivery date until 6 or months later. By this time what was cool 6 months ago is ho hum now. For heaven's sake, can someone tell Nutella that when he announces cool stuff and he has our interest that is the time to close the sale, not 6 months later because we have switched off by then. 2 8 hours ago Reply n m A bit rough calling Kinect a failure, it just ran out of steam as many products do with changing technology but was a massive success early on for several years and in the process entered the Guinness book of records for being the fastest selling consumer device on the planet ! I wouldn't mind a couple of failures like kinect. 1 7 hours ago Reply Calvin Hoppes Yup totally agree, Kinect was pretty successful and Google is far from Cool... 0 1 hour ago Reply suyukik54 Do You want to get good income at home? do you not know how to start earnings on Internet? there are some popular methods to earn huge income at your home, but when people try that, they bump into a scam so I thought i must share a verified and guaranteed way for free to earn a great sum of money at home. Anyone who is interested should read the given article ........... http://www.PayNote8.com 0 3 hours ago Reply bj2386 taint 1 14 hours ago Reply arnoldandino Great article yet again. I have been saying this for a while now. That picture for this article says it all. The most uncoolest thing possible is in that picture. They look so freaking stupid and no one at MS seems to care. 1 14 hours ago Reply sai rahul kankipati do they look stupid...for me nope ...but yeah for somebody who doesn't give a damn about VR and AR..it may look...BTW if you keep the HoloLens and the present vr headsets like HTC vive, the vr headsets looks way more stupid because of the wire from the back and all the sensors surrounding us 1 13 hours ago Reply arnoldandino No one is talking about AR VR. I menat they, They look dweeby in the picutre, that picture of Terry, Joe and Alex was painful. Anything Joe Belfiore's face and hair is involved in hurts Microsoft's chances profoundly. You dont have to agree with me for it to be true. It is true. People I know look at MS and they look at that stupid picture and I can not convince them anymore how cool HoloLens is, how great Windows Mobile was. I cant!!! I have tried but the super dorkyness and cornyness of the Stupid Ninja Cat, makes them a Joke!!! 1 13 hours ago Reply Ude Garami You are exactly right, sir. Since when is looking androgyn or hermaphrodite cool? -1 13 hours ago Reply lucktr Thankfully, one man's cool is another man's bull... That's what makes the world spin; for better or worse. I for once, find silly droid can or bit off fruit much dorkier. Remember, MS logo is pertinent to it's arguably most successful product. The ninja cat is just that...sarcastic middle finger to the former two ;).cheers! -1 9 hours ago Reply arnoldandino SIGH... I think I need to begin learning a different language. Obviously No one seems to understand what I am saying even though it's crystal clear. 2 9 hours ago Reply vincentwansink It is crystal clear and you're 100% right.  Those guys look like dorks, and they should not be the ones promoting products.  Simple. 0 4 hours ago Reply erzhik Timing is everything, it's not just the cool factor. Just 2-3 years ago, Microsoft was too slow to give us consumer products. Windows Phone was too late. Zune was too late. Groove was too late. Kinect was just a flop, same as hololens. Now the Cortana speaker (yes, Microsoft has nothing to do with manufacturing) with it's fall launch is too late again. Everything Microsoft does for consumers, is always too late. Surface line is an exception because Surface is a premium product and always has something "new". Windows Phone didn't help with 6 months gaps between introduction and "shipment". 13 14 hours ago Reply xiForza5 Sadly late or canceled... 0 13 hours ago Reply Corbin Baxter To me, that's one of the biggest differences to Microsoft and Google. At Build 2017, Microsoft unveiled an incredible amount on new features. And their coming out towards the end of this year. However, at Google IO 2017, some of the features that they announced have already come out, in just 2-3 weeks! That's much better that what I have ever seen Microsoft do. 1 13 hours ago Reply Migi2015 That's because Google is the #1 company that people want to work for. Google has poached many talented MS enginers over the years and that's why they can deliver features fast and Microsoft takes forever. They simply don't have enough talented engineers left. 0 11 hours ago Reply mmgn Tell this to Nadella who fired many good engineers. Not all went to Google and others on their own will you know...Take for example ex Nokia engineers, the ones that actually knew something about movile phones, were fired, and you(not you you) expect MS to succeed when they have zero people with high experience in phones?? 0 1 hour ago Reply Whodaboss I don't get this flop idea.  How was Xbox Music a flop?  It wasn't.  It was the best music service money could buy.  Just because Microsoft didn't promote it widely doesn't mean it was a flop it just means people didn't know about it and therefore people didn't sign-up.  Tell me which other music service let you download 10 songs per month for you to keep for life?  That was Xbox Music aka Zune.  Even though the monthly fee was $14.99 if you downloaded your 10 songs at $1.29 per song the plan was actually $2.09 per month.  And you could still stream as many songs as your heart desired.  This was a no brainer!  It was not a flop.  It was a failure with Microsoft not promoting their system properly.  And for some consumers who didn't do the simple math to realize this was the best package out there.  All other plans that cost you $9.99 per month with NOTHING to keep can't touch Xbox Music aka Zune at all. Same with Kinect.  My main TVs (three in total) that has an Xbox attached all have Kinect.  And Kinect works flawlessly for me.  It's no flop to me.  Again, just because Microsoft gets lazy and refuses to market their products wisely doesn't mean the products are flops.  It's the selling and promoting of the products is where the issue lies.  Windows Phone which should have been named something else IMO, was hampered by the name itself.  WP was at 10% in some countries and seem to be gaining ground until Microsoft decided to abandon all that was good with WP OS.  They got rid of the ME tile.  Rooms.  Panoramic Photo Hub.  Zune Music.  Kids Corner.  Reduction in integration of social sites in the People Hub.  Leader of the Camera in a cell phone.  And finally instead of leading they incorporated those useless Hamburger menus removing the ease of the ... ellipsis.  These things worked well!  They weren't flops!  They just won't marketed correctly IMHO. 0 4 hours ago Reply vincentwansink It's true.  You can't rightfully call something a flop if it isn't marketed at all.  I guess you could say the promotion of the product was a flop, even if the product itself was brilliant. 0 3 hours ago Reply Dillan K They may have been technically sound, but they were all market failures. That's the point:  for Microsoft to be successful in the consumer market, they need to be more than just technically proficient.  Just because you build a product that works, doesn't mean that it will find a successful market. All these products found limited success in the marketplace, but none of them met Microsoft's own expectations of success.  Thus, they were failures. 0 3 hours ago Reply randyoaks187 I still dont get why Microsoft didnt release the Zune HD as a phone.  That hardware was awesome. 2 14 hours ago Reply DavidinCT People who used both the iPOD and the Zune HD thought the Zune was far better but, Apple had too much control on the market.  It's one thing Apple had down hip marketing 0 13 hours ago Reply squire777 The Zune HD was a beautiful device and all MS had to do was stretch it out to the size of a phone. 1 10 hours ago Reply mmgn Agree on that! They should have built a phone over it. 0 1 hour ago Reply squire777 Nutella is doing his best to turn MS into another IBM. It's a good thing he didn't have his way with the XBox division. 1 14 hours ago Reply ScubaDog Largely, every example was Microsoft's "Me, too!" approach.  And even when they really did bring something new to the table they did almost nothing to exploit or otherwise enhance it.  Personally, I don't agree at all with the assertion that iPhone and Android are "fun".  I think they're ugly and stupid, and I have a very low opinion of people who insist they are anything but.  But that's me. I've long been in a tiny minority.  Microsoft has not only been slow to respond to trends (worse, with exception of the Surface Pro devices, have never been a trend-SETTER), they chase so many rabbit trails and then reboot their efforts there's no confidence in long-term sustainability.  I think we're about to witness it again with mobile.  Microsoft is the Incredible Hulk/Spiderman of the tech industry...so many retries at something, with a lot of money wasted and squandered consumer support. 4 14 hours ago Reply xFalk I agree that there is nothing "fun" about an iPhone or Android phone, or really any phone for that matter.  It's the marketing that builds the perception of fun and that is what sells the devices. 1 13 hours ago Reply Pappale not only marketing, applications are very important for the huge amount of average users, next group are geeks who want to see the newest HW so for both groups the only options are iPhones and Androids. Microsoft failed in every category from app till HW except the camera -1 13 hours ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 Even their camera technology has gone, after Nokia acquisition, they rescued a company from going bankrupt with Elop on charge, but Microsoft never acquired intelectual property for Nokia camera technology so this still belongs to Nokia 1 12 hours ago Reply Luc4 True for the past but really perception nowadays. Now we have Surface, HoloLens, Hub and upcoming Scorpio but seems people still think more about what failed like WM which is certainly big. Engadget even said the other day that other brands including Apple did copy from Surface Pro. That certainly must mean something. That said I'd agree that consistency is not there for all of their products. Apple has been very slow to response last couple of years for their entire portfolio. I'd argue it's worse now but it still pays off due to their (past) image. I'm not sure people see Google HW devices as that cool. Typically it's rather seen as good quality/value proposition and very different image. Certainly if you look back at the reactions on their Pixel phone. 0 12 hours ago Reply RJ Priest That kin UI was pretty cool looking. Kin, Zune, Windows Phone 7/8. Microsoft was innovating with some fantastic and beautiful user interface designs. I hope that they don't cower from innovation in the future. Windows 10 is increasingly using very tiny text instead of the visually stunning use of typefaces in Zune / Windows Phone. I've read rumours that the next mobile reboot might use boring icons like iOS and Android. Why is the general public so set in 25 year old UI design? It's time to evolve! I always used to say that Windows 8 / Windows Phone was like Marty McFly playing 80's heavy metal guitar in 1955. Unfortunately, people weren't ready for it yet. :( Don't conform to the generic status quo, Microsoft. Keep innovating in UI, but finally back it up with unprecedented marketing. 4 14 hours ago Reply DragonPoo I agree about Pink, the Kin UI.  I had that device and it made an outstanding feature phone, but unimpressive smartphone.  The concept was great, but people weren't ready for it. I think Microsoft is successful in designing ideas for software.  Back when they came out with the Metro design language, both Apple and Google adopted these concepts into their own iOS and Android UIs.  Personally, I loved the simplicity of Metro and felt most people just didn't give it a chance.  Now, it's everywhere. 1 13 hours ago Reply JotaKa Because Windows 95 was a huge consumer success, and pretty much defined what a personal computer UI should look like. It was not cool, it was definitive. Not even mentioned in this article. 0 6 hours ago Reply HiItsNino This. 0 14 hours ago Reply xFalk As I see it, Microsoft's biggest issues are being slow to market and lack of commitment (which includes marketing). Examples; Slow to market -  Just about everything except possibly 2-1 devices.  Lack of commitment: Zune HD was much more superior than the iPod but in typical MS style it was never really hyped and MS didn't try very hard and they gave up too soon.  It's truly amaizing that the Xbox didnt crash under the weight of Microsoft's lack of marketing and commitment. 3 13 hours ago Reply Adan Brown Jason - nail it. Now, I think Microsoft has an opportunity for success. The true barrier they need to break is mobile. And I think gaming could be the way to break that barrier. Today they focus on the "business users" with their failed attempts at the"consumer" base. I think that if they also added a focus on the "gaming" crowd, by building the first ever gaming phone, they could finally on board the right people to achieve that "Cool Factor" that you so cleverly explain on this article. You could start slow, low key, with a killer piece of hardware (their ultimate mobile device), with the ability to play your current library of games - real games: Forza, Halo 5, etc. - on the go. Take your phone, your xbox controller (via bluetooh) and game on with your friends. These gamers will pave the way for the broader market to jump on.  2 13 hours ago Reply bleached https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xperia_Play -1 13 hours ago Reply xFalk Microsoft is cool but they just need to figure out how to convey it. They also need to be able to take a product through multiple lifecycles and not just abandon them after first or second version.  Microsoft needs to take their ideas and nurture them, support them and give them a fighting chance.  Here's a great TV commercial from GE that shows how they love new ideas even if they seem unfriendly to everyone else.  It made me think GE is cool. https://www.ispot.tv/ad/7CyJ/general-electric-ideas-are-scary?autoplay=1 0 10 hours ago Reply Bigsteelguy I still use Kinect almost every day with voice commands. -1 13 hours ago Reply bub78 Oh, you're the one 0 12 hours ago Reply Wevenhuis I disagree with lack of "coolness" that microsoft presumably doesn't have. I think microsoft has plenty of cool. The problem I see is that microsoft seems to lack perseverance to follow through. They come uo with cool innovative ideas and solutions. There seems to be a relatively short term progression and climax, and then wonderously loses momentum in aquiet fashion. I think tjere needs to be a cultural change with this aspect of their roadmaps. It's been going on for years like this. This leaves the impression of half baked products and features, instaed following through and deluvering what the announced or demoed. 3 13 hours ago Reply Richard Loveridge Surface is a runaway success. And let's be honest. It will be Samsung that makes Windows 10 on ARM successful. They will jump on that like a fat kid on a cupcake. 1 13 hours ago Reply bleached Surface has done fine, but it is isn't a "runaway" success in any stretch of the imagination. Just look at the last earnings numbers. -2 13 hours ago Reply Steve Adams Bleached,  don't mind richard,  he's as big a MS fanboy as there is.   In his eyes MS does NO wrong.   Surface was not successful until the pro 3,  and they are just plugging along make a tidy profit....it's not like it's barn busters or anything.   -1 12 hours ago Reply jmreuter Oh Lord, spare us from the "cool" nonsense.  Cool is fine if you want to be in the fashion business.  Follow that if you want to see how fickle it is.  Every time Microsoft tries to be "cool" they do it by copying, including copying the *worst* aspects of the others.  And when they change their existing products to be more "cool" they inevitably make them worse and, somehow, more buggy than what they started with. At work, I want to be productive and efficient, not cool.  Windows 7 was excellent at that.  The original Windows 8 screwed that up entirely.  Windows 10 if finally getting back to where they were with Windows 7. At home, I'm probably playing games, so it has to work and be fast.   Or I might doing something like photo and video downloads and edits, where again I want to be productive.  If I'm paying bills or other home chores, I'm likely just using a browser.  It just has to work, on whatever device.  Initially, about half of the time Edge didn't work.  Now it is worse: for some sites Edge fails, for others IE fails, so I have to use both, and try to remember which one to use for any given site. Windows Phone 7 was brilliant with it's hub idea--since abandoned.  But they also copied the worst aspect of iPhone in that you had to tether it to the Zune app, just like iPhone / iTunes, which everyone hates.  Stupid.  Zune HD was outstanding, as was the Zune player on Windows Phone 7, just too late.  And with Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 the replacement media playing environment was truly horrible; it would have been an embarrasment even as an intro college project.  How on earth did they go from something quite good to that?  With Groove they are finally getting back to what they had 5 years ago. When I'm mobile I'm trying to get something done; other than phone calls, it might be email, messaging, photos and photo sharing, social media, etc.  I just needs to work, without fights and reboots.  5 years ago it just worked.  Today it doesn't.  No fashion statement makes up for something simply not working.   0 13 hours ago Reply AdamInTx This!!! Stop trying to be "cool" and just make a great device.  Also, people can tell genuine "cool" from contrived "cool." Microsoft keeps trying to fake "cool" and it just isn't working.  Make a high quality device that works well and is priced resonably and people will notice.   0 11 hours ago Reply Brian2014 Yet Google Chrome works for EVERY site I use/visit, MS ahs given me nothing with Edge that makes we need to switch browsers 0 10 hours ago Reply negative1ne i agree with almost everything you said. however, i'm still using windows 7, and windows phone 7.8, and i had a zuneHD. i still use the ZUNE program to manage my music all the time, it is one of the best programs out there, miles better than itunes. so, in that sense you're wrong. later -1 0 10 hours ago Reply bleached It is going to be nearly impossible to make anything appear cool with the Windows brand attached. That is an uphill battle. They need to reboot every thing if appearing cool is their goal. -2 13 hours ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 Thats why I think Microsoft should continue building smartphones but with an Android cloned OS, smartphones aren't going to dissapear anyrime soon. I hate Gogle and love Microsoft but their mobile strategy has fallen, its time to start a new era where Android developers put their app on a rival Google play store, Amazon already does this with their Fire OS tablets. And Amazon is now a very friendly company to consumers Jusr my 2 cents -2 13 hours ago Reply DragonPoo Google is "cool?"  I've heard them called a lot of things, but never cool.  I don't think they need that image to dominate. Apple, on the other hand, was a genius company in marketing and appearing "cool."  How they are able to get people into their ecosystem is amazing.  They focus on exclusives that people want, like iMessage (that only works on their devices) and sit back and watch their customers flock to them. Microsoft has tried for a long time to get users from all platforms.  They did the "it works on all devices but is best on Windows!" but didn't stick it out.  I think that's their problem.  Constantly here, and on other sites, we see people who are disinfranchised with them.  Especially "Windows fans" who really want to stay with them, but no longer have a choice.  Slowly, I'm running out of choices to stay with Microsoft.  And it's all their fault. 0 13 hours ago Reply Stiv X Another great articale, Jason! The cool factor comes from marketing, plain and simple. I bought theSurface RT when it first came out. I was so excited to get it. When I showed it to people I almost always got the same question: "Is that one that has the keyboard that clicks on?" Now, why would I get that questions? It s simply because of the commercial where the kids danced around and click the keyboard ontop the Surface. That was considered "cool." It was cool because of marketing. It created the buzz. The buzz is what established the cool factot. This is contrary to the belief that products can sell themselves. If that were true there would be no need for advertsiing. 0 13 hours ago Reply bleached The cool factor and the buzz only gets people in the door. The device and experience then needs to deliver to keep them there and grow further. This is where Microsoft has really stumbled. The Surface RT is a prime example. What a terrible experience to own one of those. 0 13 hours ago Reply Ahy Nonimous Jason failed to mention Windows Media Center, a product that was well ahead of its time.  It and Tivo were essentially the only Cable Labs-certified offerings on the market, which allowed you to record encrypted cable TV offerings.  To this day, it continues to have a cult following in spite of Microsoft's having completely abandoned it with the advent of Windows10.  If you had it in use on your Win7 or Win8 box and took advanage of the free Win10 upgrade, it was physically removed as part of the upgrade.  Just another example of Microsoft screwing the pooch in the consumer space.  0 13 hours ago Reply Brian2014 I loved Media Centre on Windows 7! MS should have kept it for Windows 10, even if it was a reasonably priced addition 0 10 hours ago Reply DJCBS Another thing : step outside the US and even the Xbox gets removed from that equation since it's presence in places like Europe is almost irrelevant next to the power of Sony's PlayStation. 0 13 hours ago Reply Joscelin Trouwborst I agree especially with the last 3 paragraphs! 0 13 hours ago Reply adbolleman Microsoft for many people triggers the feeling of sw that takes half an hour to start up and crashes in the middle of something important. And for me MS triggers the feeling of a company that abandoned mobile even though there was plenty potential there. Lots of people only use MS products because there is no decent alternative, but they would switch in a heartbeat if Apple or Samsung came with an acceptable alternative. 0 13 hours ago Reply Machine Overlord I'd like to add to Jason's welldone article and bring some more historical perspective, which I think is important. Apple While Apple is wildly successful today with it's iPhone-based platform, this wasn't always the case. Today's success for Apple started with the iPod, which took them 25 years to "discover". For Apple's first 25 years of existence, it was just a niche computer maker that struggled to be relevant. Even to this day, Apple's original core product, the Mac, has struggled to make much headway, holding the same single digit market share that it has held for decades. The iPod morphed into the iPod Touch, which morphed into the iPhone, then the iPad. Today, Apple's primary product is the iPhone. The iPad is slowly fading away, just as the iPod has. Without the iPhone, Apple would again be a niche computer maker struggling to be relevant because I would argue most of its Mac sales today are due to the success of the iPhone. Take the iPhone away and Apple again becomes irrelevant. Google Google is an advertising company. Roughly 90% of its revenue comes from selling advertising. Every product that Google creates is geared towards collecting user data to be sold. In 2007, Google purchased Android, which it subsequently allowed developers to use for free. This is the only reason Android became successful. It didn't become successful because it was originally good. Originally it was crap. The iPhone was originally crap as well. And I would argue up until the last few years it was crap. But it was free, which allowed every low rent device maker to turn out cheap, crap devices that most people could afford and that carriers could make massive profits on. And that was great for Google, because it gave them a massive platform from which to collect even more user data to sell. But to this day, the only device maker that makes any meaningful profit at all on Android is Samsung. There is profit for the carriers and app/service sales, but not in the devices themselves. Microsoft As Jason pointed out, Microsoft's history has been in the enterprise, and it will remain so. Neither Apple nor Google have any meaningful presence in the enterprise, other than iPhones and Android phones, and likely never will. The enterprise is a much more complex market than the consumer market. Enterprises demand much more robust systems, security, backwards compatibility, integration, etc., all things that neither Apple nor Google can provide at enterprise scale. Apple's success is the iPhone. Google's is advertising. Microsoft's is Windows, Office, Visual Studio, MS SQL Server, Intune, Xbox, Azure, and a host of other products, none of which Apple or Google have competitors for, and again likely never will. Microsoft has struggled in the consumer space because up until recently it has never been a consumer company. From day one both Apple and Android were consumer companies. They have decades of experience in the consumer, consumption market. They have little to no experience in the enterprise and productivity markets. Microsoft is just the reverse. So how does Microsoft become cool? I'm not sure it should. The idea that the iPhone and Android will remain the successes they are today is I think foolhardy. Looking back at the history of consumer electronics there are very few succcess of the day that even exist today. Things will change, and I think Microsoft is driving that change, but it is a longer term game. You might say, well Windows has been successful all these years, so perhaps Windows will become irrelevant at some point. Perhaps, but I don't think so, because unlike OSX, for example, Microsoft has spent the last few years completely re-writing Windows, completely changing its usability, its scalability. Windows can now run on desktops, laptops, tablets, Xbox, mobile, IoT, HoloLens, Surface Hub. OSX can run on Macs. It takes a completely separate operating system to run on the iPhone, and yet another to run on the iPad. Same goes for Google. Convergence is the future. The lines of what we call a "computer" continue to become blurred. Microsoft is leading the way with this convergence. Will it ever become cool? I don't know. But what I do know is that cool tends to be a fad. Fads don't last. 1 12 hours ago Reply Migi2015 So Microsoft is 42 years in and can't get their first iPod. Also I fully expect iPhone & Android to be the dominant mobile OSes for the rest of my life. -1 11 hours ago Reply Machine Overlord Well, you could also say 42 years in and Apple can't get their first a lot of things. Apple is doing great a the moment, but it's only because of the iPhone. Should the tides turn at some point (not saying they will), and the iPhone becomes out of favor, Apple has nothing to fall back on. Google has its ad business, and Microsoft has a whole host of businesses. Apple is almost completely reliant on the iPhone. One trick ponies tend to lose their edge at some point. 0 3 hours ago Reply garak0410 Wow...Kinect, Zune, Windows Phone. All dear and near to my heart. I've since moved on to Android and streaming music but I still hold on to my Kinect, both on my (currently shelved) XBOX 360 and my XBOX One. I like the Kinect. I still use it for voice commands and the FEW XBOX One games. Really wish they would port ONE game over - Kinect Party, Truly fun game for groups of kids. 0 12 hours ago Reply dstrauss What is the whole point of this article. With Windows PCs in 89% of all homes and businesses, what more does Microsoft need to do - face facts, the hipster/rich-folk/cool kids all drive Mercedes, BMW, and Lexus - the rest of the world, and auto industry, lives from Toyota, Ford, Chevy, Honda, etc.- that is Microsoft's play and it will be there for the DISTANT future. Turning into a hip marketing company at this point would kill the goose that (keeps) laying the golden egg. 0 12 hours ago Reply Skalman This is, sadly, so true.. 0 12 hours ago Reply Stiv X You forgot to mention the MIcrosoft Band/Band 2 0 12 hours ago Reply FerdiFerdi "...Windows Phones' fluid and unique OS never caught on with consumers....." - It was catching on but was then tossed away by MS. Will MS never see this? 0 11 hours ago Reply mjperry51 Location, location, location. Today that's mindshare, mindshare, mindshare. Apple & Google are 1 and 2 with respect to mindshare in this space, and yet their level of advertising dwarfs Microsoft. Their quality of advertising/marketing is also far superior. Their agencies know how to touch the consumer, grab them, and make that emotional connection so desperately needed in the Consumer world. They have a solid, well crafted and cultivated brand presence, brand promise, and brand identity. Microsoft does not. Microsoft needs to decide who they are, and start acing like that entity. They have no time for brand schizophrenia. 0 11 hours ago Reply bguy_1986 I miss Zune so much 😪 3 11 hours ago Reply mwgeek True dat 0 11 hours ago Reply user-774 It's ridiculous and embarrassing for MS that their GUI, UX and hardware design is so frikken inconsistent and bad/unusable, apart from the surface hardware ☹ 0 11 hours ago Reply mwgeek MARKETING! They still suck at it 1 11 hours ago Reply signal-2-noise It's just not the "cool factor" in their tech that's lacking, look at the human models in that cover photo. The least 'cool' bunch of people sporting HoloLens(?) is case in point. 1 11 hours ago Reply Tim Stone Cool ?  What was the reaction to Windows Phone by consumers ?  "Wow" was the response I got when showing what it could do, but then that changed when people started asking "Can I do my banking on it ?" and numerous other day to day tasks they can do on Apple or Android.  Microsoft simply never took the app gap seriously.  If they had, sales would have been good.  I had long discussions with Verizon on why they didn't put more muscle behind the Windows phones.  The answers was blunt:  "We don't believe Microsoft has the committment to the devices" and they were right.   How about another "cool" product you left off ... The Band.  SERIOUSLY ... nothing on the market even today could match what it had to offer.  Where is it ?  Simply dumped.  Why ?  Yeah, they had some manufacturing quality control issues, but those could have been resolved.  A few refinements would have helped, but they were also doable.  The problem ?  Microsoft had them in the stores and a few other places, but basically, unless you went searching for them, they were a secret.  I've had most of the alternatives, and NOTHING comes close to what the Band could do.   Perhaps the biggest problem is the marketing department doesn't get it.  Surface does not need to be compared to Apple products.  Trying to one up Apple is a waste of time.  Sell it on it's uniqueness, and what it does.  The Surface Pro is unlike any other device when you look at ALL it can do ... so why compare it ?  Focus on what it does best !   The biggest problem I see with Microsoft right now is they are letting down their existing client base, especially in the corporate world.  Everything is focused on change, and creativity, but companies large and small want to make transitions slowly and without everything falling apart.  I constantly get calls from clients with problems caused by periodic OS updates .. when something that worked perfectly ( ie. networking ) suddenly has major problems ... and no one at MSFT is providing any quality answers on how to resolve them.  Consumers are also employees ( and employers ), and they will look first at what they use at work for their personal needs ... and if it is creating headaches on the job, they look elsewhere.   What does Microsoft need to do ?  They need to get into the real world of semi-technical consumers, and see what people really want on a daily basis, and focus on that rather than all the creative stuff that some of us love, but is beyond the majority of those who have money to purchase these devices. 0 11 hours ago Reply SammyD97 is it just me or does the guy in the middle always look like a creepy evil version of Joe Belfoire 1 11 hours ago Reply JaimitoFrog Listen to Panos describe the Surface Laptop. He used the word "proud" in owning the device. Clearly, they are not just advertising it as do more, work only device. 0 10 hours ago Reply sdreamer Um.. put someone hip to present these things... Terry is horrible at this. Joe? He's awesome. 0 10 hours ago Reply msanda Forget Coolness. coolness only works if you have a product. Microsoft biggest problem even with the enterprise is communication.  You cannot get a team at Microsoft to come out with a clear explanation for anything. as a consumer when i buy a product i want to know what i can do with it right now, not what i could probably do with it. This is Microsoft fault this also seeps into their marketing. People, in general, are not educated on what Microsoft products can do, Microsoft then gives the communication portion to its fans and its partners.    Why did the xbox one not be a roaring success like the playstation, the exact same reason horrible communication and then horrible follow-ups to questions asked.    One additional thing that Microsoft needs to address is to show users why they want their product. needing a product and having to use a product are two very different things, one is out of love and the other is out of desperation. Microsoft is in the desperation camp. no one really needs a Microsoft product and Microsoft is doing its best to not want people to love them. even after the so called phone reboot, they will have lost the war and the followers and there will be no reason to want their product.  0 9 hours ago Reply mmgn As long as that moron is in charge, nothing will ever change. We will continue to receive mediocre quality, lies and zero respect and commitment towards customers. But then again, delusional fanboys will continue to kiss MS's @$$ and dream in their fantasy world. MS was and will always be too late because they do not care and do not have a true leader. 1 9 hours ago Reply LazyGepid Coolness is in the eye of the beholder. What's cool to some is foolish to others. The real problem is that Microsoft has gotten such a bad reputation because of its past business practices, that it's spawned an entire movement of "free" software and anything that pretended to be part of it (or just wasn't Microsoft), garnered a following. Who in their right mind thinks browser-based software is good? Yet, because it hurt Microsoft to run things in a browser instead of in Windows specifically, it became "cool". Developers bent over backwards just to get even the most menial things to work and people marveled at it. The things we had to accept for this (poor performance, obtrusive window refreshes, poor workflow, etc.) would have been laughed at back when quality software mattered. Oh well, I guess it's always been true that he who controls the ignorant heard controls the market. 0 8 hours ago Reply I_am_flashfire4 As a teenager, I can attest to the fact that Microsoft is not cool. I have been mocked for having a positive opinion of Microsoft and especially for my use of Lumias. I wish I had just bought a Galaxy as my first smartphone. It would have saved me from a lot of disappointment with my 950 XL and Windows 10 Mobile. 0 8 hours ago Reply dorelse Its pretty simple really...release a product...advertise the product, realize its a marathon; not a sprint, and then follow through and support the product for the long haul. 1 8 hours ago Reply Adel Dubai I think the company needs new blood And minds open to the market and what needs there is a problem must be resolved as soon as possible. 0 6 hours ago Reply Jupast Microsoft as a consumer brand, to the 'normals' out there, just screams uncool. Getting up on stage and waffling on about 'delighting' users and 'soul' is just...ugh...cringe-worthy. No one talks like that. What they should probably think about is keeping 'Microsoft' as the Enterprise side of things, and then come up with a new name for purely hardware and consumer offerings. It doesn't take long to build up a good reputation there if you put out a high quality product. 0 5 hours ago Reply techiez finally a non click baity title :D 0 5 hours ago Reply techiez They need to have a seperate consumer marketing division, Remember the windows weekly posted by WC few months back, with windows marketing chief and that dude had no idea that hololens had lost consumer mindshare. He was surprised when asked this question and gave examples of how enterprises were showing interest in it 1 5 hours ago Reply ananve Spot on Jason. I also think that's Microsoft problem. Like alphabet, 95% of consumers don't know that's the parent company name of Google. . Microsoft can do the same with Xbox but not for other businesses yet. Xbox has never been Microsoft Xbox, but it's still Microsoft Surface. This kind of strategy had to be made clear of how they're doing it. . Alphabet had one brand and that's Google. They uses it in everything they do and the consumers are more than okay with it. Microsoft need to go to that route and promote heavily using only the recognised cool name like Surface. 1 4 hours ago Reply cheetahwig1 I said this back when they bought Nokia. Rebrand their phones along the lines of the Xbox. Make it an Xphone so that the word "Windows" is nowhere to be seen. The drag of calling them Windows phones surely did them no favors. 0 3 hours ago Reply mmgn Windows 10 mobile was doa because it was a pile of bugs and still is a pile of crap. A mediocre joke that even business users avoid.How MS managed to launch such a pathetic OS is beyond me...WP8.1 was 10 times better, it was getting there, until Nutella fired all experienced engineers and started to work cheap, and windows 10 is the result: mediocre quality! both mobile and desktop 0 1 hour ago Reply tomakali MacOSx is uncool iOS is cool   ChromeOS is uncool Android is cool   Windows is uncool which is reflecting on consumer space   Enterprise and Consumer platforms should be forked separately Let Enterprise use Windows and Azure Let Consumers use Cortana OS, Halo OS something like that Windows = work something else = fun 0 1 hour ago Reply Chuzz Bot Sorry to get distracted, but I just HAVE to say this. Can't ANYBODY use the word 'disconnection'? Disconnect is a verb peeps. Use it as a noun and you just sound daft...except to others who do it too ;) Ironically MOST journos do it. DAFT. 0 8 sec ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Apple Valley: 'Security issues' prompt Bright Futures to hire safety officers Friday Jun 2, 2017 at 12:01 AM Jun 2, 2017 at 9:29 PM Charity Lindsey Staff Writer @DP_CharityMatthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — Facing mounting criminal reports, a state investigation and a threatened business license, Bright Futures Academy (BFA) recently announced it has hired a private security firm, “a move aimed at reducing the number of calls to the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department” here. The nonpublic school’s Apple Valley campus has been provided with “two additional safety officers” from Burbank-based Blue Nite Protection Agency. The move comes in response to concerns that the “campus has generated a disproportionate number of calls to the Sheriff’s Department,” Bright Futures Academy President Betti Colucci said. Between late December 2015 and early March 2017, deputies responded to 132 calls for service at the school, according to Apple Valley Station Capt. Frank Bell. That prompted the town to announce its intent to revoke BFA’s business license. “We realized that many of the calls were unnecessary,” Colucci said. “...by hiring Blue Nite, we will have the extra manpower to resolve most of our security issues in-house, thus drastically reducing the need for sheriff's deputies to come to the school.” She added the school “has removed the few students responsible for most of the calls, and has tightened its intake process to screen incoming students more carefully.” BFA plans to appeal the town’s proposed revocation at the June 13 Town Council meeting. Although the school originally said in its appeal letter that it would seek a full-time officer for the campus from the Sheriff’s Department, Colucci said the cost quoted “was prohibitive for a special needs school” like theirs. Assistant Town Manager Lori Lamson said the Council “will consider all the facts ... including the additional security recently hired” and that the school is still under investigation by the California Department of Education. As a nonpublic, nonsectarian school (NPS), BFA uses state funds to serve students with various intellectual and emotional disturbance disabilities. The school requires certification from CDE, which was recently suspended, putting a freeze on enrollment, according to CDE spokesperson Bill Ainsworth. Earlier this month, Greg and Tasha Patterson attended a meeting BFA’s administration held for parents at the Apple Valley campus in the wake of the suspension. Their 15-year-old son, Mykayle, is autistic. The Pattersons said some parents at the meeting expressed a desire to separate autistic students, like Mykayle, from those with behavioral issues or emotional disturbance disabilities. “Why should our kids have to suffer? That makes no sense,” Tasha Patterson said. “Maybe actually hand pick those who want to learn and separate them (from) the ones who lash out.” Tasha Patterson disagrees with BFA’s BFA's hiring decision. She said the issue is that staff “can’t control those kids.”   “They want to spend all this money on security guards when you can really save your money for field trips to people who are willing to speak with these kids,” she said. “Someone who’s been there and done that, and can relate to them ... Now you’re making it seem like they’re in prison.” Colucci said that because the school already has “a high ratio of teachers, administrators and aides to students,” the addition of Blue Nite’s presence “has been a seamless and positive development.” Parents were informed during the meeting that BFA is “working on” separating students, according to the Pattersons. Under the current model, if combining children with disparate needs and disabilities isn’t the norm, it’s at least “a commonality among non-public schools,” according to Janae Holtz, CEO of Desert/Mountain Special Education Local Plan Area (SELPA), a support services office for special needs students that contracts with local districts and private schools. “I would say that the majority of non-public schools carry caseloads with all types of disabilities ... That’s pretty common,” Holtz said. “So to serve only the students on one side of the spectrum, especially in the High Desert where our resources are pretty limited, that becomes almost impossible to run a business in my opinion.” The Hesperia-based Altus Academy is the only other NPS in the High Desert, according to Holtz. She acknowledged a center focused specifically on autistic students’ needs would benefit the High Desert, but added that “programs where you have both types of children on the campus” can work within the right structure. “Teaching kids how to get along with other types of people is very important, as well,” Holtz said. “Socialization is important. It's about the right timing for that education, though.” According to Holtz, all actions related to exceptional needs students are determined by their Individualized Education Program (IEPs), such as relocating students for any reason — including when the CDE suspends certification. “If a parent didn't want a student to remain at Bright Futures ... they would actually contact Bright Futures because the school is responsible for the IEP,” Holtz said. “It has to be an appropriate placement and the IEP determines that.” When asked if contracting through SELPA to send students to BFA would change if the school’s business license were revoked, Apple Valley Unified School District officials said simply that the district “will continue to work with (SELPA) to serve all of our students, just as we have in the past.” Crystal Hernandez — a parent of a special needs child who was recommended by AVUSD to attend BFA before she decided against it — said she moved to the San Gabriel Valley “because the special education system in the High Desert just isn’t the greatest.” “There’s a lot lacking. It seems like the schools just get away with doing the bare minimum and it’s partly because of (a lack of) parent involvement, I think,” Hernandez said. “Schools want to cut corners by not hiring necessary supportive staff.” Still, some parents fiercely defend BFA, including Katie Lozano, the mother of 10-year-old Marcus, a student with Asperger's syndrome, high functioning autism and cerebral palsy who was struggling in a public AVUSD school. “These districts don’t want to deal with our kids so we have no place for them,” Lozano said. “I think (Bright Futures) has given him a lot of support, a lot of guidance, whereas in the district, he didn’t feel accepted.” “But I’m an involved parent,” Lozano added, saying she fears for the students whose parents are not as concerned with what happens to their children at school. “I also feel bad for the parents because a lot of them don’t have the support or guidance and are at the mercy of the district,” Lozano said. “They need to be educated.” Charity Lindsey may be contacted at CLindsey@VVDailyPress.com or 760-951-6245. Follow her on Twitter @DP_Charity. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.comor at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… Share Tweet #WWDC: 62 Ways To Say “To Be Announced”… (with Emoji) Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Now On iTunes U.S: 10-Movie Bundles for $19.99 ea. Music Bozoma Saint John, Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music, Said To Be Leaving… By Arron Hirst 3 hours ago Share Tweet You may remember Bozoma “Boz” Saint John for her passionate on-stage demo of Apple Music and its (then new) redesign, at last year’s WWDC … But with just days to go until this year’s developer get-together, Apple Music‘s Head of Global Consumer Marketing is said to be on the way out. While the exact reasoning for Saint John’s reported exit from heading up Apple Music’s global marketing arm is unknown at this time, several have pointed to the executive landing a position elsewhere as the most likely reason for the decision. Bozoma’s exit -whilst not yet official- would come as a shock for a number of reasons, not just because of the marketing executive’s obvious and wholly infectious on-stage personality, but also given her position and status within the company itself – which recently saw her sit alongside Jimmy Iovine and Eddy Cue, (both of whom sit on Apple’s leadership team), for one of the streaming service’s TV spots fronted by James Cordon. “It’s no surprise that Apple appointed Saint John as the head of marketing around one of its highest profile services, Music, as she has built an impressive career around connecting musicians and artists with brands,” Fortune said at the time. She also placed 67th on the Billboard Power 100, back in February. Reports of Saint John’s now expected exit from the Cupertino firm were first published by Politico’s Axios who said Friday that the former Pepsi marketing exec “plans to leave the company,” citing that when asked Apple “declined to comment.” If true, Bozoma Saint John’s exit from Apple Music –and possibly the company as a whole– will arrive just weeks after Apple’s former Head of Human Resources, Denise Young Smith, was appointed to her new role of Vice President of Diversity and Inclusion. / Image Credit: Fast Company, Complex Mag Continue Reading You may also like... #WWDC: 62 Ways To Say “To Be Announced”… (with Emoji) Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] McEnery Convention Center Dripped in WWDC Signage [PHOTOS] Now On iTunes U.S: 10-Movie Bundles for $19.99 ea. Related Topics:AM, Apple, Apple Music, Axios, Boz, Bozoma Saint John, Corporate, Exit, Featured, featured top, Global Consumer Marketing, Leadership, Leaving, Marketing, Pepsi, Politico, Report, Rumor, Video, WWDC Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Music Music Here’s What’s Moving in #NEWMUSIC — This Friday [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst2nd Jun 17 5:16 am It’s been a wall-to-wall week full of new music releases … and just ahead of THEHOTLIST... Music 100th Episode of #OneMix — Streaming 6/2 @ 11AM PT. By Arron Hirst1st Jun 17 5:27 pm Set to celebrate its 100th episode airing on the 24/7 station this weekend, Beats 1’s #OneMix... Music Buckle Up: ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ Just Got An Air Date … By Arron Hirst30th May 17 11:13 pm Yep, it’s still happening … Those that thought Apple had permanently parked its decision to release... Music Ariana Grande Announces #Manchester Benefit Concert for June 4 By Arron Hirst30th May 17 4:21 pm The singer has announced she will honour all those who were caught up in the tragic... Music @ThisIsSigrid is #UpNext By Arron Hirst26th May 17 12:11 am Officially kicking off last month by highlighting the then lesser-known talents of Atlanta’s very own, R&B-infected:... Music Apple Music Debuts Film Exclusive: ‘Harry Styles: Behind The Album’ By Arron Hirst16th May 17 12:30 am As previously announced via the music service’s Instagram profile, Apple Music on Monday officially debuted exclusive... Music ‘Amar Pelos Dois’ Hits iTunes #1 Following ESC2017 [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst14th May 17 12:27 am After managing to defeat the televised contest’s 25 other contestants to be crowned winner of this... Music STARRHINO Debuts “Made On iPhone” Single: ‘It’s Time’ [LISTEN] By Arron Hirst4th May 17 10:44 pm Industry newcomers and all-round social phenomenon #STARRHINO officially announced the release of their debut single, on... Music Apple Music Reveals Exclusive ‘Puff Daddy’ Documentary, Streaming June 25 By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 2:10 am In a continuing effort to give its members evermore reasons to stay subscribed, Apple announced over... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad WWDC FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! £6.99 HD: All The LOLs Flash [£9.99 HD] House of Cards [From £9.99 HD] Wizard of Oz [£5.99 HD] Man of Steel [£5.99 HD] HP: Deathly Hallows P2 [£5.99 HD] Gremlins [£5.99 HD] 69¢ Songs iBooks: Collision [FREE] HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Life $14.99 BUY The Edge of Seventeen $9.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Today Read Look Link Buy Listen Travel Omakase About Subscribe Jobs Advertise Contact COOL HUNTING Genesis, The Newest Luxury Auto Brand All Articles SZA: Broken Clocks Genesis, The Newest Luxury Auto Brand All Articles SZA: Broken Clocks A Siri Speaker, iOS 11 and Other WWDC 2017 Expectations via theverge.com on 02 June 2017 On Monday 5 June, WWDC 2017 (aka the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference) will commence, shedding light on a year's worth of developments at Apple. Speculation each year has become a sport in its own right, hinged upon expectations, wants and wishes for the the iPhone, Mac, and more. The Verge, who will be reporting live on-site, have compiled a sturdy list of hopes which includes insight on a potential focus shift from software to hardware (with the potential for a new product announcement). That said, updates to iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS are expected as well as stylus developments, iPad Pro advancements and more. Head over to The Verge for a list of it all. How Spelling Became a Sport /link/how-spelling-bees-became-sport via theoutline.com When thinking about celebrity sportspeople, we oftentimes go to athletes like Serena Williams or Lebron James, but every spring a very different kind of sporting champ graces ESPN and various TV shows. The Scripps National Spelling Bee (which started as a promotional event in 1925) somehow made its way into the professional sports industry—thanks to its first airing on ESPN in 1994. Full of suspense, drama, and sometimes fainting, tears and tantrums, it has plenty in common with traditional sports and yet it's entirely different. Read more about how teenage spelling enthusiasts became athletes at The Outline. United Arab Emirates Aims to Colonize Mars by 2117 /link/uae-colonize-mars-2117 via latimes.com Potentially named City of Wisdom, a fully functioning outpost for 600,000 people on Mars is a new goal for the United Arab Emirates. And the target year happens to be 2117. Appropriately named "Mars 2117," the project aims to be a multinational effort according to program director Saeed Gergawi. For such an effort to work, transportation to the planet and sustainability efforts would need to be developed. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al Maktoum, the UAE's Vice President and Prime Minister, is spearheading it all, with hopes to bolster the Emirates science and technology developments, inspire the youth and reduce reliance on oil. Learn more about the strategies and plans at the LA Times. Open House at Frank Lloyd Wright Buildings /link/frank-lloyd-wright-buildings-open-150th-birthday via smithsonianmag.com This year, 8 June marks Frank Lloyd Wright's 150th birthday. The innovative and iconic architect designed some 1000+ buildings and structures and, to celebrate his birthday, many of the usually private buildings will be open to the public. From the Unity Temple in Oak Park, Illinois; to Frederick C. Bogk House in Milwaukee; to a doghouse in San Rafael, California; design enthusiasts will be able to enjoy Wright's visions for just $1.50. Read more at the Smithsonian. Inventions for Future Humans at Beirut Design Week /link/speculative-needs-xoxo-exhibition via frameweb.com As part of the "Speculative Needs XOXO" exhibition at Beirut Design Week, 150+ Lebanese design and architecture students have presented artistic creations that address future human needs springing up thanks to anti-social technological developments. While the concept seems heavy, the approaches taken by many of the young creatives are playful, colorful and clever. From goggles called "Face Brace" which aid users in re-learning how to make eye contact to "The FOMO* Breather" which lets users know about social events occurring nearby, the creations are funny and tinged with pathos. Find out more at FRAME. The World's First VR Calligraphy Installation /link/worlds-first-vr-calligraphy-installation via mashable.com Running through 3 June at the Taiwan National Palace Museum, "The Spirit of Autobiography" allows visitors to try their hand at recreating Chinese calligraphy—only, in virtual reality. Billed as the first calligraphy VR experience, the exhibition offers guests a headset and they then proceed to a Chinese pavilion and situate themselves in an empty room where a calligraphy pen awaits. Characters appear in the air and one must then trace them—perfectly (otherwise, users have to repeat the process until the lines are exact). The installation uses technology by Computex and it's an exciting way to learn the motions behind one of the most exquisite forms of writing. Essential Products, the Anti-iPhone, and the Future of Tech /link/essential-products-andy-rubin via wired.com With a few important mantras—one being "simple is always better"—Sidekick- and Android-creator Andy Rubin has launched a new tech company today. Essential Products was born out of the realization that even though tech gadgets are meant to help simplify our lives, they oftentimes do the opposite. Today two products (both set for a summer release) have been announced: an edge-to-edge and top-to-(almost) bottom screen smartphone called Phone which has no branding, and a smart-home hub "that Rubin hopes will bring order to the endless standards, protocols, and systems wrought by the Internet of Things." With the hope to connect with products already in existence, and to eventually create an open-source and infinitely extendable platform, Rubin's new venture is certainly interesting if not bold. Read more at Wired. NYC's New Permanent Jim Henson Exhibition /link/nyc-momi-jim-henson-exhibition via ny.curbed.com NYC's Museum of the Moving Image has just announced their permanent exhibition of Jim Henson's incredible work and legacy will be opening 22 July 2017. From character sketches to photos, puppet prototypes, behind-the-scenes footage and (of course) actual Muppets, the show is sure to delight. On display will be 47 original puppets—including Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Rowlf and Fraggle Cantus the Minstrel. Beyond "Sesame Street," Henson's legacy is remarkable—"The Muppets," "Fraggle Rock," "The Dark Crystal" and "Labyrinth" continue to inspire. Many of the pieces on display have been kindly donated by the Henson family. Read more at Curbed. Beautiful Mosques Around the World /link/beautiful-mosques-around-the-world via nationalgeographic.com 26 May marked the beginning of Ramadan—an important time for around one-quarter of the world's population. Mosques (or "masjids" in Arabic) serve as places of worship for Muslim people, but also—much like churches and shuls—as places to learn, have community events and more. National Geographic created a slideshow of some of the world's most stunning mosques, and whether a religious person or not, it's easy to see that they are worthy of admiration. Says Alexandra E. Petri, "From Timbuktu to Washington DC, these holy marvels provide incredible historic, cultural, and religious commentary, illustrating a city’s identity within the Muslim world and as a destination all its own." See them all at NatGeo. Best Space Books for Kids /link/best-space-books-children via space.com It's important (especially for little girls and young women) to encourage our youth to engage with science, though this isn't always easy. The editors at Space.com are constantly on the hunt for great, entertaining and educational books about space exploration and space science—for children and adults, too. From Chris Hadfield's "The Darkest Dark" which tells the story of exploration and fear, to Leland Melvin's memoir "Chasing Space," there are plenty of titles in their recent list of reads that will appeal to youngsters—and the young at heart. Magic Mushrooms are the Safest Recreational Drug /link/magic-mushrooms-safest-drug via theguardian.com According to this year's Global Drug Survey, magic mushrooms are the safest recreational drug. Of the 12,000 surveyed people who took mushrooms, just a minuscule 0.2% of them sought medical aid. More dangerous, drugs like LSD, cocaine and MDMA had a rate five times higher. Founder and consultant addiction psychiatrist of the Global Drug Survey, Adam Winstock says that the most dangerous thing about mushrooms is, in fact, people picking and ingesting the wrong kinds. He says, "Death from toxicity is almost unheard of, with poisoning with more dangerous fungi being a much greater risk in terms of serious harms." But that's not to say magic mushrooms aren't entirely safe to munch on every day, Winstock says that alcohol and unfamiliar places can cause confusion, fear and panic—which can lead to dangerous situations or injury. Read more at The Guardian. Marc Newson's $12,000 Collaborative Hourglass for Hodinkee /link/marc-newson-hodinkee-hourglass via hodinkee.com Esoteric and mesmeric are two words industrial designer Marc Newson uses to describe his new collaborative product (with watch expert website HODINKEE) an hourglass. It's far more than these descriptors however. This time-counting apparatus documents 10 minute cycles, and does so with roughly 1.3 million copper-coated nanoballs fighting their way through a hand-blown glass neck. The sounds produced along the way mimic a lush rainstorm. It's a multi-sensory reimagining of a classic timepiece. The unit has been produced in a limited edition of 100, at $12,000 a piece. To reimagine the nostalgic with a luxuriant infusion, as they have done here, should appeal to anyone with an appreciation of time and design. Maisie Cousins' Nudes- and Nature-Smothered Solo Show /link/maisie-cousins-flowers-photography via dazeddigital.com We've long-been fascinated by Maisie Cousins' photography—blending nature, sex, nudity, beauty and celebrating sexuality. Her first-ever solo show, called "grass, peony, bum" has just opened at London's TJ Boulting Gallery and she spoke with Dazed Digital about her incredible knack for balancing the opulent, sultry and grotesque. She tells the publication, "Nature is always beautiful and also disgusting. Even the most beautiful people leak, bleed and shit." For the show, Cousins also asked perfumer Azzi Glasser to create a fragrance in response to her artwork, "Honestly, it feels like such a natural, progressive step. I think scent is so sexy and also so heartbreaking. I was dating someone who wore a common cologne and after we broke up I could smell it on everyone on the underground all the time, it made my heart hurt. It’s inescapable." Read and see more at Dazed. Loading More... No matches for your search Unfortunately, we don't have any articles that match your search. Try again or explore some of these links: CATEGORIES Design Tech Culture Travel Style Food + Drink FEATURES Word of Mouth Interviews Studio Visits Off Piste Scene by All Song of the Car Cool Hunting Video PEOPLE Artists Illustrators Graphic Designers Product Designers Fashion Designers Architects Scientists Makers Entrepreneurs Inventors THINGS Cars Watches Bags Bicycles Motorcycles Cameras Jewelry Gadgets Snacks Websites TOPICS Sustainability Collecting Invention Show Best Matches Loading More...
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Technology Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News June 3 2017 - 9:49AM Save Print Apple faces a tricky issue with Messages, 3-D Touch Vindu Goel 105 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More As Apple prepares to show off new features for the iPhone and other devices at its developer conference on Monday, the company is grappling with an uncomfortable issue: Many of its existing features are too complicated for many users to figure out. At last year's conference, for example, Apple's top software executive, Craig Federighi, demonstrated how users could order food, scribble doodles and send funny images known as stickers in chats on its Messages app. The idea was to make Messages, one of the most popular apps on the iPhone, into an all-purpose tool like China's WeChat. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:24 Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Apple has reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next The unknown recession Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Play Video Don't Play Video duration 06:47 Video duration 06:47 Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Richard Branson: US abandoning duty Virgin Group founder Richard Branson urges the importance of countries working together to tackle climate change. Up Next Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:31 Video duration 05:31 Wall Street signals bond yields to remain ... Wall Street signals bond yields to remain lower The Australian dollar was around US50 cents the last time the yield advantage was this small. Up Next Scaremongering season Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:15 Video duration 02:15 Scaremongering season Scaremongering season The old rule applies: if an economist makes a dire prediction of doom and gloom, he or she gets plenty of media attention. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next What to expect from retail sales Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:18 Video duration 02:18 What to expect from retail sales What to expect from retail sales AMP Chief Economist Shane Oliver predicts the risk of another RBA rate cut this year. Up Next Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:58 Video duration 01:58 Weak consumer sentiment weighs on ... Weak consumer sentiment weighs on retailers Consumers are the most unhappy since the financial crisis and with many shoppers struggling with record household debt, it's hard to see if that's going to improve. More videos Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Apple has reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. But the process of finding and installing other apps in Messages is so tricky that most users have no idea they can even do it, developers and analysts say. DoorDash, a US food-delivery app that Federighi displayed on stage as a model of the new feature, dropped its Messages app for group orders a few months after releasing it because it drew little interest. Related Content The Frightful Five: There's no escape from these companies Have Apple and Microsoft traded places? "While we didn't end up moving forward with it, we're excited about other ways we're making delivery faster and more efficient," Andy Fang, a founder of DoorDash and the company's chief technology officer, said in a statement. A similar lack of enthusiasm among users and developers has limited adoption of the iPhone's 3-D Touch feature, where a long, hard press on an app sometimes offers additional options such as viewing an email without opening it. And sales of the Apple Watch have been hampered by the steep learning curve it requires of users, who must master pushing, turning and tapping various parts of the watch and a related iPhone app. Advertisement "There's just so much stuff," said David de Min, chief executive of Velapp, a startup based in London. "They are trying to cram things in." Velapp has just released a video recording app that uses 3-D Touch to help users select the best parts of a video while recording it. But de Min said that few other developers were using the technology, in part because iPhone users were unaware of it. "It's not something you can really see," he said. "People don't understand it." SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Link The Messages app is confusing for many iPhone users. Photo: The New York Times Apple, which declined to comment for this article, makes many updates that are popular with users, from changes to the Siri voice assistant to automatically transcribed voicemail messages. At this year's Apple Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California, the company is expected to introduce improved Mac computers and iPads, software updates for all of its hardware and a voice-activated speaker to compete with Amazon's Echo and Google's Home. With Apple adding fewer major features in recent years, customers have been slower to upgrade their devices. App developers are also pausing in what had been a race to embrace Apple's latest innovations. Eliran Sapir, chief executive of Apptopia, an analytics firm, said that new apps were being introduced at half the rate they were a year ago. Apple TV apps are hot, he said, but developers are fleeing Apple Watch. "There is no way to monetise the watch whatsoever," he said. The slow uptake of apps for Messages and 3-D Touch is evident in the numbers. There are 5,000 regular apps and 30,000 sticker apps for Messages, according to Randy Nelson, head of mobile insights at Sensor Tower, an app analytics firm. Only about 3,600 of the 2.5 million apps in the iOS app store promote their compatibility with 3-D Touch. "You get your new iPhone and you don't know that 3-D Touch and apps in Messages even exist," Nelson said. Although stickers account for 97 of the top 100 Messages apps, he said, some users are so confused that they post app reviews like, "I downloaded these Disney stickers. How do I use them?" That is not exactly in line with the simple "it just works" philosophy that Apple built its business on. Chalen Duncan, a graduate student in emerging media at the University of Georgia, was so frustrated by the interface for stickers and apps in Messages that he redesigned it and posted his version online. "At its core, it's a discoverability issue," said Duncan, who worked part time on Apple's telephone tech-support team during college and hopes to get a design job there in the future. "People just don't know the stickers exist." He said he had to teach his friends how to install and use Messages stickers by sending them multiple screenshots. "A lot of people will think it's their fault, and it's really the designer's fault," he said. "People want apps to be easy to use." The New York Times Originally published on The Sydney Morning Herald as Apple faces a tricky issue with Messages, 3-D Touch. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Kirsten Dunst On 'Spider-Man' Reboots: ... Contains: External link Drinking Tea Actually Changes Women's ... Contains: External link Most Popular Apple's tricky issue with one of its most popular features Will NBN's new CVC bandwidth pricing fix congestion woes? Skype copies Snapchat in big redesign Farpoint is the best VR shooting experience you can get at home Dubai's Robocop reports for duty Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Apple's tricky issue with one of its most popular features Will NBN's new CVC bandwidth pricing fix congestion woes? Skype copies Snapchat in big redesign Farpoint is the best VR shooting experience you can get at home Dubai's Robocop reports for duty WA Today Muslim students 'told to leave' Convention Centre for making patrons 'uncomfortable' Top 10: Perth's cheapest suburbs revealed Cott-Gate: Owners of gate blocking kids from laneway forced to remove it What is former West Coast midfielder Tom Swift up to now? Major crime investigating death of four-month-old baby in South West The Sydney Morning Herald Talk of recession as Australia takes world record Theresa May's early election gamble looks set to backfire Why I won't give to the Salvos appeal After the serves, it's now a Court of disputed returns 'It still pains me that my dad died alone' The Age Notorious tagger Nost carrying the can for graffiti spree Theresa May's early election gamble looks set to backfire 'It still pains me that my dad died alone' Junior football coach cops massive match ban for allegedly verbally abusing girls 'I didn't ask to be hit, again': Another truck strikes Montague Street bridge Brisbane Times Why I won't give to the Salvos appeal Yes, the Corbys are allowed to make money from Schapelle's crime Peter Dutton under siege in his own seat Brisbane that never was: projects that didn't happen Talk of recession as Australia takes world record Canberra Times Why I won't give to the Salvos appeal Talk of recession as Australia takes world record Why some of Canberra's local shops are thriving and others aren't Peter Dutton under siege in his own seat Man grabbed 17-year-old girl in Gungahlin indecent assault WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2017 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Exxon Suffers Stinging Defeat On Shareholder Climate Resolution XOM tried to defeat the move Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Fewer Than 50 Percent of Americans Think They Will Retire in Their 60s How to pick your retirement age My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search Jobs Data Can't Keep Dow Jones Industrial Average Down June 02, 2017, 04:29:08 PM EDT By kvenema@sir-in.com, Schaeffer's Research Shutterstock photo It was a record-setting session on Wall Street, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) , S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) , and Nasdaq Composite (COMP) all carving out new highs. Tech stocks paved the path for the major market indexes, with shares of big-caps Microsoft and Apple leading the charge. This helped overshadow a relatively lackluster jobs report , as well as plunging oil prices . Against this backdrop, all three major U.S. benchmarks settled at their highest perch to date, and notched a second straight weekly win. Continue reading for more on today's market, including: This red-hot drug stock could get iced in June. Baird took the high road on Apple stock ahead of WWDC. Zumiez and  Boot Barn are the latest retail stocks to bite the dust. Plus, watch these tech stocks next week; Workday brushes off a bearish analyst note; and what you may have missed. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA - 21,206.29) hit a record intraday high of 21,225.04, eventually settling up 62.1 points, or 0.3%. It was the Dow's first all-time high since March 1. Microsoft's 2.4% pop paced the 19 Dow advancers, while  Exxon Mobil 's 1.6% loss brought up the rear. For the week, the Dow added 0.6%. The  S&P 500 Index (SPX - 2,439.07) nabbed an all-time intraday peak of 2,440.23, before closing with a 9-point, or 0.4%, gain. The  Nasdaq Composite (COMP - 6,305.80) topped out at 6,308.76, before settling up 59 points, or 0.9%. On a weekly basis, the SPX and COMP rose 0.9% and 1.5%, respectively. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX - 9.75) fell as low as 9.58, but closed with a slimmer 0.1-point, or 1.4%, loss. The market's "fear gauge" gave back 0.6% on the week. 5 Items on Our Radar Today: Gymboree failed to make an interest payment on $171 million in bonds on Thursday. The children's retailer, which is reportedly in talks with two companies specializing in liquidations, is expected to file for bankruptcy in the next few weeks. ( MarketWatch )  Special Counsel Robert Mueller has reportedly taken control of a grand jury investigation involving former national security adviser Michael Flynn , which will include potential ties to Turkey. This would mark an expansion into the probe over possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia. (Reuters) Apple won't be the only tech stock in focus next week. Workday stock hit a new high, as strong earnings overshadowed negative analyst attention. Here's a rundown of the stock market news you may have missed. Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities Oil prices slid south of $48, as a 20th straight weekly rise in the U.S. rig count and President Trump's decision to walk away from the Paris climate accords fueled domestic supply concerns. By the close, July-dated crude futures fell 70 cents, or 1.5%, to close at $47.66 per barrel. Black gold fell roughly 4.3% for the week.  Gold rose today, as the dollar cooled in the wake of this morning's mixed jobs data. August-dated gold futures rose $10.10, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,280.20 an ounce -- the best close since April 21. Gold added 1% for the week. The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Options Referenced Symbols: SPX , MSFT , AAPL More from Schaeffer's Research Subscribe Dow Jones Industrial Average Nabs Record Close Ahead of Jobs Report Dow Jones Industrial Average Falls Amid Financial Sector Sell-Off Dow Jones Industrial Average Stumbles; S&P, Nasdaq Snap Winning Streaks Related Options Articles Subscribe Bristol-Myers Squibb Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for BMY 6/02/2017 03:56 PM WSO Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Average 6/02/2017 03:53 PM Notable Friday Option Activity: GWW, HAS, YHOO 6/02/2017 03:32 PM Contributor: Schaeffer's Research Most Popular Highest Rated SFL - First Quarter 2017 Results Ensco plc to Acquire Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Vietnam online gaming firm VNG says eyeing U.S. IPO RPT-Russia squares up to Boeing, Airbus with maiden jet flight Delivery Hero buys Middle East firm Carriage China's Interest and Investment in Ethereum's Blockchain Expands Pain Therapeutics Announces Research Publication on Alzheimer’s... Nation21 Loans Shakes Up Private Lending With New Products Worthington Industries Acquires Amtrol Hemispherx Biopharma Enhances Ampligen Manufacturing and Scientific... View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced MSFT 84% Rate It AAPL 86% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s | Main June 02, 2017 AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa   Earlier today Patently Apple posted a report titled "The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze." Before the big event, Reuters is now reporting that artificial intelligence industry insiders have confirmed to them that Apple will indeed introduce a new Siri-centric device that will take a different path to market than Amazon's Alexa.   Reuters notes that "Currently, Apple's Siri works with only six types of app: ride-hailing and sharing; messaging and calling; photo search; payments; fitness; and auto infotainment systems. At the company's annual developer conference next week, it is expected to add to those categories.   But even if Siri doubles its areas of expertise, it will be a far cry from the 12,000 or so tasks that Amazon.com's Alexa can handle.   The difference illustrates a strategic divide between the two tech rivals. Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well.   Amazon puts no such restrictions on Alexa, wagering that the voice assistant with the most "skills," its term for apps on its Echo assistant devices, will gain a loyal following, even if it sometimes makes mistakes and takes more effort to use.   The clash of approaches is coming to a head as virtual assistants that respond to voice commands become a priority for the leading tech companies, which want to find new ways of engaging customers and make more money from shopping and online services.   Matt McIlwain, a venture capitalist with Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group chimed in by saying that "To attract developers in the modern world, you need a platform. If Apple does not launch a 'skills store,' that would be a mistake." For more on this, read the full Reuters report here.   I've gotten the impression for some time now that the press thinks that Apple is rushing a product to market for Siri blindly so as to "catch up" with Amazon's echo. Apple has been working on a new device for Siri for some time. A patent originally filed in Q2 2016 provided a patent figure showing a new speaker device in context with Siri. The patent was about allowing Siri to coordinate iOS devices within the home or office to work in sync to perform a particular task. The patent was only made public in April. Another patent was filed in 2015 covering a new Siri architecture allowing two digital assistants communicate with each other. Yet another 2015 patent covered how Siri would be given a new visual system to understand gestures, activities and more.   A year ago Patently Apple posted a report titled "Forbes Misguided View is that Apple has missed the AI Revolution."  Some in the press remain stuck on the notion that Apple is somehow behind in the AI game just because they don't hype it up like their competitors do at press events. What great achievement have Apple's competitors pulled off that puts Apple in danger of being left behind? The Echo isn't making any money from it and I doubt that Google Home does either. So this false narrative and persistent view in the press is propaganda, a fallacy, a mental hiccup that needs adjusting.    While it's not the iPhone 8 event, Monday's WWDC keynote is likely to be one of the most exciting in years. And like myself, I'm sure that you can't wait for it to begin.        About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 02, 2017 at 06:17 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Apple invents a new Integrated Microphone and Vibration Sensor to Provide Superior Headset Noise Cancellation Apple Advances their work on a 3D Virtual Character Creation App for Gaming on iDevices, Apple TV & future Headset News of Inventec Winning the Contract for Apple's version of a Home Speaker Device with Siri Resurfaces Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Digital Trends Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review Xiaomi’s affordable Mi Pad 3 is a tablet everyone can enjoy Share A no frills tablet that excels at the essentials, but is overshadowed by Apple’s cheap new iPad. A no frills tablet that excels at the essentials, but is overshadowed by Apple’s cheap new iPad. A no frills tablet that excels at the essentials, but is overshadowed by Apple’s cheap new iPad. Highs Hits the tablet size sweet spot at 7.9-inches High-resolution screen Attractive design Lows Frustrating software and operation quirks Mediocre camera DT Editors' Rating 6.0 Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Tablet Reviews > Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 review By Andy Boxall Posted on 06.02.17 Research Center: Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Do tablets still have a place in the world? They’re not the trend they once were, and even Apple — the one company making tablets that sell in any quantity — has dropped the price on its 2017 entry-level iPad model to encourage people to buy or upgrade. At $330, the iPad is an all-around affordable option, but you’ll have to search for an Android tablet if you want something cheaper. Xiaomi has released a new version of its Mi Pad, called the Mi Pad 3. It’s an iPad Mini-sized device with Xiaomi’s MIUI user interface over the top of Google’s operating system. It’s cheaper than the iPad Mini 4 and the new iPad, at around $270; but you’ll have to import one if you want it in the U.S. Is it worth the import? No. While there’s nothing horribly wrong with the Mi Pad 3, its small quirks and issues do not justify the $270 price tag, especially when the new iPad is just $60 more. Let’s take a closer look. This looks familiar What does the Mi Pad 3 look like? Well, picture an iPad Mini 4 without the Apple branding, and you’re pretty much there. The two are shockingly similar. The 6.9mm thick aluminum body has a flat back with a camera lens in the top right, the corners are smooth and rounded, and the overall dimensions are almost identical. The screen is the same size at 7.9-inches, as is the 2048 x 1536 pixel resolution. Andy Boxall Andy Boxall Andy Boxall Andy Boxall There are some differences. The dual speakers are mounted on the back of the tablet, facing away from you when looking at the screen, and the sleep/wake button is on the side of the body, not the top. It doesn’t have a fingerprint sensor, or any physical home button — instead the Mi Pad 3 uses capacitive navigational icons below the screen. We miss the tactility of a physical home button, largely because  the Android keys aren’t especially responsive, and do require very precise taps to operate. It’s a comfortable device to hold, and those with average or larger hands will have no problem holding it in one hand, thanks to its low weight. The texture on the back is pleasant to touch, but although the Mi Pad 3 is beautifully made, there is a slight flex in the center of the aluminium back panel. It’s not enough to cause concern, but enough to notice when it’s pressed. There’s little to fault the way the Mi Pad 3 looks, mainly because it’s very close to the established and attractive style of the iPad Mini. It’s not something that overly concerns us — styling it after something hideous would do that — and we find the smaller 7.9-inch tablet size to be convenient, while still being suitably larger than our phone to make using it worthwhile. Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Compared To Apple iPad 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Chuwi Hi12 Windows 10 2-in-1 Dell Venue 8 7000 Nvidia Shield Tablet Apple iPad Air 2 LG G Pad 7.0 Dell Venue 8 Pro Apple iPad Mini 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 (8-inch) Smart Devices SmartQ U7 Barnes & Noble Nook HD+ Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus Amazon Kindle Fire Acer Iconia Tab A100 Crisp screen that needs better color calibration Xiaomi’s Mi Pad 3 has a 7.9-inch, 2048 x 1536 pixel, IPS LCD screen on the front, which is good enough for a 326 pixel-per-inch density, and a wide 178-degree viewing angle. It’s very bright, and we rarely needed to increase the brightness over 50 percent, which is good for battery life. There’s a reading mode for nighttime use, which lowers the amount of sleep-damaging blue light emitted by the screen. It’s easily activated from the Android notification shade, and adds a yellowish look to the display, but there’s a slider to adjust the degree of intrusion. Dig through the menu and you’ll find an unusual black and white mode, which not only extends the battery life, but does a decent job of reducing eye strain when reading. The Mi Pad 3’s size really does make it a great video-consuming machine. The screen’s color and contrast can be tweaked under a separate menu, and we found it was worth taking the time to calibrate. Out of the box, in standard configuration, the whites didn’t appear crisp enough; but things improved when the display was switched to “cool.” Everyone will see it differently, which is why we welcome the chance to tailor the display’s look to our own taste. Playing HD video from Netflix and Crunchyroll produced great images filled with color, and while we enjoyed the viewing experience, the 4:3 aspect ratio adds black bars to the top and bottom of most videos.  Still, the Mi Pad 3’s size really does make it a great video-consuming machine. It’s not too big that it’s annoying to hold, but is still much more watchable than a 5.5-inch screen on a phone. Text looks excellent — crisp and well-defined — especially when browsing the web and reading ebooks. The screen looks great, but we have one annoyance. The tablet doesn’t compensate for your palm resting on one side while scrolling with another finger. At first, it’s like the touchscreen isn’t working at all, then you realize it’s because the hand you’re holding the tablet with is also touching the edge of the screen. Remove it, and everything’s fine. Other times, it can activate certain features. It depends on how you’re holding the Mi Pad 3 — so doesn’t happen all the time — but when it does it’s highly irritating. Fluid software, few tablet-friendly apps Our Mi Pad 3 came with Android 7.0 Nougat installed, complete with an Android security patch from February, and Xiaomi’s global MIUI version 8.2, so everything is in English. Google Play and associated apps came pre-installed on our imported Mi Pad 3, along with a variety of standard apps including a calendar, a weather app, a calculator, an FM radio, and a browser. Surprisingly, the tablet offers a slightly different user experience to a Xiaomi phone. Because it’s very smooth, and MIUI is supremely uncluttered, the tablet has a very Apple-like feel to it. The menus aren’t messy and it’s not filled with superfluous apps, making fast, daily use a pleasure. The most obvious additional feature Xiaomi has added is a widget page, viewable by swiping right on the main home screen. The widgets can be altered to your preference, making it a handy and attractively presented shortcut page. Using Netflix, YouTube, popular games, Google apps, and several big-name social network apps downloaded from the Google Play store provide a tablet-friendly experience, but stray too far from the best known apps, and things aren’t so good. You don’t even have to look that hard either, the Instagram app doesn’t feel like it has been adapted for use on a tablet very well, for example. The more obscure, or dated, your favourite app is, the less likely it’ll look that fantastic on the Mi Pad 3. This isn’t a problem with the device, but a problem with Android on tablets as a whole. There are other quirks unique to the Mi Pad 3. Even though it runs Android 7.0 Nougat, there’s no split window multi-tasking available with MIUI 8. Adequate performance Xiaomi previously used an Intel processor for its Mi Pad tablet, but this time it has chosen a MediaTek chip — the MT8176 — to power its slate, along with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage space. It’s not a common processor, having been used in few mainstream tablets sold in the U.S. and Europe. Put through some benchmarking workouts, the scores are uninspiring. In our general use, the MediaTek chip performed adequately, happily powering games such as Danmaku Unlimited in HD mode, and casual titles like Crossy Road. Graphically-intensive and faster-paced games like Reckless Racing put some strain on the tablet, and slow downs did occur. Put it through some benchmarking workouts, and the scores are uninspiring. AnTuTu returned a score of 74,646, and 3DMark’s Sling Shot Extreme gave it just 749. The Intel Atom-powered Lenovo Yoga Book managed 1,192, for comparison. Unfortunately, there’s no MicroSD memory expansion, and 32GB of internal memory isn’t very much. Be prepared to slim down movie and music collections stored on the device itself, or stick with streaming services. There is a 3.5mm headphone socket though, and the 6,600mAh battery is charged through a USB Type-C port. We’ve been using the Mi Pad 3 for almost two weeks, and it has needed charging twice, not including the initial charge. Leaving it on standby overnight saw around 7 or 8-percent of the battery disappear. Mediocre camera The rear camera on the Mi Pad 3 is packed with 13 megapixels, autofocus, and an f/2.2 aperture. It’s highly unlikely the Mi Pad 3 will ever be someone’s primary camera, and it’s probably a good thing. The pictures it takes are only acceptable, and nothing more. Colors do pop, and plenty of detail is revealed zooming in on close-up images; but it doesn’t have an HDR mode, and overcast skies were washed out. Around the front, there’s a 5-megapixel camera with the same aperture, and it’s good for video calls and selfies. Warranty, availability, and price The Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 isn’t sold in the U.S. or Europe, and must be imported through a specialist. Our review Mi Pad 3 was supplied by Geekbuying, a well-known importer of Chinese electronics. At the time of writing it costs $270 with free shipping. The tablet was sent to us with a courier, did attract a small customs charge in the U.K., and arrived securely packaged. Geekbuying offers a one-year warranty on the products it sells, including tablets, but doesn’t cover them if there has been water damage, mistreatment, or abuse. It’ll repair returned hardware for free within the warranty period, and has a warehouse in California that can be used instead of sending the device back to China. To take advantage of this, a $3 charge has to be paid at checkout during the original purchase. There’s also an English-speaking customer service helpline available. Our Take Unlike the company’s smartphones and their lack of wide U.S. network support, the Mi Pad 3 is a premium Xiaomi product everyone can enjoy, and its screen is great for video and reading. Is there a better alternative? The Mi Pad 3’s natural competitor is the Apple iPad Mini 4, which is at least $130 more; however, potential tablet buyers should really be looking at the new 2017 9.7-inch iPad, which starts at $330. That’s close enough to the Mi Pad 3’s price to make it attainable, and the iPad has a far more varied catalog of fully tablet-compatible apps that makes it a wiser choice if you’re planning to use the device a lot. We’d strongly recommend the iPad. If you’d prefer not to buy an Apple product, our favourite Android tablet at the moment is the Galaxy Tab S3, but this is more than twice the price of the Mi Pad 3. Outside of this, the world’s awash with mediocre to average Android tablets, including the $300 Samsung Galaxy Tab A and the Asus ZenPad Z10, or even the $135 Amazon Fire 8. We wouldn’t recommend any of them in particular, and feel the Mi Pad 3 is a more premium device that’s at least on a par with the Galaxy Tab A, provided you’re happy to import one. How long will it last? The Mi Pad 3 isn’t water resistant, but the body is well-built and the metal back won’t shatter if it gets accidentally knocked. That said, if you’re planning on handing the Mi pad 3 over to your kids, you may want to find a sturdy child-proof case. Xiaomi isn’t the fastest with supplying Android version updates, as they usually require its UI to be reworked first, which takes time. This does change if you’re happy to use Xiaomi beta releases though, but we doubt everyone will be happy to do so. Tablets aren’t the same as phones, and rarely need replacing. A three-year old tablet is far more capable than a three-year old smartphone. Many tablet owners just want to play video, browse the web, and check social media accounts. For this, the Mi Pad 3 will last for some time. Should you buy it? No. There’s nothing horribly wrong with the pretty, fast, and capable Mi Pad 3, but with Apple offering the new iPad for only $330, there’s not much of a reason to go for the Mi Pad 3. If Apple is a dirty word in your household, then it’s a different story, and the Mi Pad 3 stacks up nicely against the many similar options out there.
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Weekly Rewind: Apple’s Siri speaker, solar… Weekly Rewind: Apple’s Siri speaker, solar startups, Charlize Theron’s ‘Atomic Blonde’ By Lulu Chang — Updated June 2, 2017 12:11 pm Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: A lot can happen in a week when it comes to tech. The constant onslaught of news makes it nigh impossible for mere mortals with real lives to keep track of everything. That’s why we’ve compiled a quick and dirty list of this week’s top 10 tech stories, from what to expect from WWDC to a Tesla-inspired pet carrier — it’s all here. Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week It seems as if we’re just a few days away from Apple unveiling a Siri-enabled speaker similar to Amazon’s range of Echo devices and Google’s Home offering. The Cupertino company has started manufacturing the device, “people familiar with the matter” told Bloomberg this week, and it could be shown off during Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference which kicks off in San Jose, California, on June 5. However, anyone keen to get their hands on the Siri-controlled smart speaker may have to exercise some patience, as the sources said it won’t be ready to ship until “later in the year.” Read the full story here. First clip from Charlize Theron’s ‘Atomic Blonde’ is as brutal as it is beautiful The first trailer for Charlize Theron’s upcoming film Atomic Blonde did not skimp on the action, so it’s no surprise that the first full clip from the July movie is one long, frantic, and impressively brutal fight sequence. But if that’s the sort of scene you can appreciate, the clip really is a fantastic thing to behold. Directed by John Wick co-director David Leitch (who’s also helming the upcoming Deadpool sequel), Atomic Blonde casts Academy Award winner Theron as a secret agent who will use anything at her disposal to complete a mission. The film’s script was penned by Kurt Johnstad (300, Act of Valor), and is based on the graphic novel The Coldest City, created by writer Antony Johnston and illustrator Sam Hart. Read the full story here. This Tesla-inspired pet carrier lets your cat seethe in style Pet carriers are usually more functional than fashionable, but Waul Studio wants to change that. Inspired by a Devon Rex cat named Marvin who looks like a “little alien,” the team decided to make an ergonomic pet carrier that suited him. Waul Studio debuted a carrier that resembles a spaceship on Kickstarter in May, and the campaign quickly exceeded its initial goal. The futuristic product doesn’t just look unique — it is designed to be more comfortable for both the pet that rides in it and the person who carries it. One of the upgrades animals will appreciate is an interior space that is designed to keep them entertained. Not only can they see outside the clear door, but there is also a built-in toy at the front of the carrier. A swirl-patterned ball in a track, the toy is meant to attract the animal’s attention and maintain it. Read the full story here. Amazon’s new retail bookstores have all of the books, but none of the charm Large book chains like Barnes & Noble have been shutting down bookstores for a decade now, which makes it a peculiar day when a new bookstore opens up in the heart of New York City. Even odder, it’s a physical store from Amazon, the online retailer whose Kindle ebook reader is a prime culprit in bookstore declines in the first place. But Amazon is always up to the task of transforming traditional experiences into opportunities that require you to use technology. Opening a physical bookstore may seem strange in 2017, but it’s no different than the release of Dash buttons or the opening of Amazon Go and Amazon Fresh food outlets. Amazon isn’t just on the web these days, it’s everywhere. Sadly, it has yet to learn what makes a bookstore great. Walking into NYC’s first Amazon Books location — the seventh bookstore it has opened nationwide — the 4,000 square foot space is packed with books, but barely feels like a bookstore. Sure, there are rows of books separated by genre, from Young Adult novels to cookbooks; and the space looks big, carrying thousands of titles, but it feels as packed as a train car during rush hour. The maze of bookshelves and extremely tiny seating area leaves no room to hide and zone out with a stack of comics or relax and absorb yourself in the prologue of a new novel. Read the full story here. Squeeze more out of your workouts with the best compression gear While many of the popular shooting sleeves we’ve seen slowly dominate NBA fashion as of late may be purely for aesthetic purposes, there are numerous pieces of compressive clothing on the market that come with actual kinesiological functionality. Compression gear increases blood flow to the muscles and may even minimize lactic acid build up, allowing you to recover faster while minimizing soreness during and after a workout. Although MIT researchers are already working on the next generation of microbial-enhanced “living clothing” to boost performance, there are plenty of compression garments currently available. From products designed to keep you cool during a workout, to responsive fiber networks designed to aid mobility and joint support, here are seven of our favorite pieces of compression gear. Read the full story here. Audi snags the first automated vehicle testing license in New York Fresh off its announcement at CES 2017 of a self-driving car by 2020, Audi said Wednesday that New York state had approved its application to test autonomous vehicles. The license is for Society of Automobile Engineers (SAE) Level 3 vehicles, which is reserved for cars capable of automated driving at highway speeds if certain conditions are met. To satisfy New York state regulations, two trained engineers will be in the car at all times, one in the driver’s seat and another in the back. These engineers will monitor the system and ensure the car is operating safely. So far, the company says the company has logged “thousands of miles” in its concept cars without an incident. Audi is the first automobile manufacturer to win a license to operate autonomous cars in the state, less than a month after Governor Andrew Cuomo announced the state would begin accepting applications. The test period runs through April 1, 2018, but comes with some fairly onerous stipulations to participate. Read the full story here. Switzerland’s new ‘air-scrubbing’ plant sucks CO2 out of the atmosphere A company in Switzerland recently unveiled the world’s first commercial so-called “air-scrubbing” plant designed to capture atmospheric carbon dioxide. At the 2015 Paris climate conference, 195 countries adopted the legally binding global climate deal aimed at limiting the rise in temperature to 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit and air-scrubbing technologies are pivotal to this overall objective. The first of its kind direct air capture (DAC) unit utilizes 18 Climeworks carbon dioxide collectors on top of a waste utilization plant, KEZO, to filter CO2 from the atmosphere. This concentrated CO2 is then supplied to a greenhouse — located just a quarter mile down the road — where it is used as fertilizer to grow tomatoes and cucumbers. The DAC itself is powered by low-grade waste heat generated by the KEZO complex. Read the full story here. Google uses ‘Wonder Woman’ to inspire next generation of female programmers A recent study co-published by Google and Gallup states that just 48 percent of girls between seventh and 12th grade are “very confident” they could learn computer science, compared to 65 percent of boys. Clearly there’s an imbalance that has pervaded the field. And although tech companies have made strides in terms of representation, there’s still much work ahead. Even Google, it must be said, has come under fire in recent years for failing to do enough to fix the lack of diversity within its walls — especially where equal pay is concerned. And that brings us to this week. On Friday, Wonder Woman hits theaters, and Google is using the opportunity to take action. Read the full story here. Dragonflies are being genetically engineered into cybernetic drones Cybernetic insects may sound like something out of dystopian fiction, but they’re being developed in labs around the world. And their uses may be more beneficial than you’d expect. Some researchers have proposed remote-controlled insects for surveillance, while others think they can help sniff out explosives and aid in search and rescue missions. Up until now, these insects have mainly been controlled by firing electrical impulses through electrodes plugged into the little invertebrate — a technique that’s been effective but clunky and energy hungry.  Now engineers at Draper and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) at Janelia Farm have begun work on DragonflEye, a project to develop a more sophisticated technique that may usher in an evolution for cybernetic insects. Read the full story here. Startup’s solar roof is cheaper, more efficient, and easier to install than Tesla’s solar tiles The solar roofing competition is heating up, and one company in particular is looking to challenge Tesla head-on. Californian upstart Forward Labs has its own solar roof design, and not only is it cheaper than Tesla’s, but it allegedly installs in half the time as well. Technologically speaking, Forward Labs’s solar roof is slightly different than Tesla’s. The startup’s innovative design uses monocrystalline solar cells, which have a higher energy density than most other solar products. As such, these solar cells can achieve 19 watts per square foot compared to 11W per square foot for other solar cells. Aesthetically, the overall design of the Forward Labs roof is notably different from Tesla’s as well. The Tesla roof is designed to mimic the classic rooftop shingle model, with each solar shingle made from three basic layers: a solar cell, a masking film, and a top layer of tempered glass. Conversely, Forward Labs’s design uses a single, fully-integrated standing-seam metal design with a similar tempered glass top layer. Read the full story here.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple, Inc.'s WWDC: What to Expect Expect new software. But new hardware could steal the show. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Jun 2, 2017 at 9:07PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is set to kick off its 2017 Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) on Monday morning, at 10:00 a.m. PDT. As Apple does every summer, the week-long event will begin with a keynote to make software announcements -- and possibly some hardware announcements, too. Ahead of Apple's important event, here's a preview of some key areas to watch next week. Image source: Apple. Software The one area where Apple will definitely make some announcements is software. Each summer, the company uses WWDC to show off new features for operating systems, including iOS, MacOS, TVOS, and WatchOS. Beyond a preview of its upcoming operating system updates for iPhone, Mac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV, one area of software that may get more attention than usual this year is Siri. At the core of Apple's artificial intelligence (AI) efforts, the smart assistant is arguably falling behind AI voice assistants from other tech giants. Siri particularly needs to get up to speed as Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) continues to prove consumer interest in voice-activated smart speakers with its line of Echo devices. During the holiday season last year, Amazon said sales of its Amazon Echo products were up more than 900% compared to the same period in 2015. Further, Amazon said Echo and Echo dot were the best-selling products on Amazon during the entire year of 2016. Services As Apple continues to attempt to shift investor attention toward the company's thriving services business, Apple's most important services are likely to get some attention during the company's keynote. Apple Music's Jimmy Iovine recently told Bloomberg that Apple wants to make TV programs more centric to Apple Music. Perhaps Apple will announce a refresh that does a better job of promoting original video programming, just as Apple prepares to release Carpool Karaoke in August. "Carpool Karaoke." Image source: Apple.https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2017/05/carpool-karaoke-the-series-debuts-august-8-on-apple-music/ Beyond Apple Music, Apple has been rumored to be looking into a peer-to-peer payment system, which could possibly integrate with Apple Pay. Maybe Apple will announce this feature on Monday. Hardware If speculation in the ever-active rumor mill ahead of WWDC is onto something, Apple could make one announcement that could steal the show on Monday. The company is rumored to be joining the smart-speaker hype with its own Siri speaker. While the details about the rumored product haven't surfaced, it's likely it will play a key role in extending the reach of Apple's HomeKit, or its app for operating smart devices. Of course, the product would likely also seamlessly integrate with Apple Music and other Apple software and services. By debuting a Siri Speaker at WWDC, Apple would be able to get developers on board with creating third-party apps for the speaker. Developers have proven to be integral to Amazon's Echo speakers. Amazon said in its most recent quarterly update that the Alexa Skills store now offers more than 12,000 skills for Echo. Apple will need healthy developer participation for a Siri Speaker to be a hit with customers. While important details about Apple's smart speaker, such as price, whether it has a display, or what it might look like, remain unknown, Bloomberg asserted earlier this week that Apple has already started production of the new device. Apple will livestream its event on Monday morning. Stay tuned at The Motley Fool for a look at what Monday's announcements mean for Apple's business. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Jun 2, 2017 at 9:07PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,006.73 up $10.78 (1.08%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple, Inc.'s WWDC: What to Expect @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AMZN
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search My heart beats like a kick drum How to send someone your heartbeat with Apple Watch or iPhone By Serenity Caldwell, Joseph Keller Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 3:00 pm EDT 18 Comments Wondering how to send someone your heartbeat with your iPhone or Apple Watch? Here's how! With your Apple Watch or iMessage, you can send your heartbeat to your friend or family member as a way of conveying a more personal message, which they can get on their iPhone or Apple Watch. And when someone receives your heartbeat on their Apple Watch, they'll get some haptic feedback to go along with it for a little something extra. Here's how you send your heartbeat to someone using your Apple Watch or iPhone. How to send a heartbeat on your Apple Watch How to send a heartbeat on your iPhone How to send a heartbeat on your Apple Watch Open Messages from the Home screen of your Apple Watch. Select the conversation in which you wish to send a message. Alternatively, Force Touch on the display to bring up bring up the New Message option. Tap the Digital Touch button (it looks like two fingers touching a heart). Tap and hold two fingers on the screen until the heart appears on the screen starts beating. Take your fingers off of the screen to send. If you're starting a new conversation, tap the Send button. How to send a heartbeat on your iPhone Now in iMessage, you can send your heartbeat via Digital Touch. iPhone may not have a heart rate monitor, but the sentiment remains. Launch Messages from your Home screen. Tap on the Digital Touch button. (it looks like two fingers touching a heart). If you've already begun typing, it'll be hidden and you'll need to tap on the Show More button to the left to reveal it. (Looks like >.) Touch and hold down (long press) with two fingers on the canvas You can hold down for a short or longer period of time. When you release, your heartbeat will be sent! Any questions? That's all there is to it. Do you have any questions about sending your heartbeat via Apple Watch or iMessage on iPhone? Put them in the comments and we'll help you out. Reader comments How to send someone your heartbeat with Apple Watch or iPhone 18 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating jalexand007 still waiting for a heartbeat buddy. :-( 1 2 years ago Reply Wildestcallumg Video Gaming Bro drop me your number if you want 1 1 year ago Reply Chop One of the most useless features... any way you slice it. Sent my wife mine - she sent me hers. We then agreed that there was zero need to ever do that again. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply DannyJJK Just because your love life is dead doesn't mean everyone else's is 0 2 years ago Reply Chop Our love life is wonderful... that tidbit aside, the heartbeat thing is still useless. Cool to do once or twice. Even when they highlighted it on stage, you could tell they didn't really have anywhere to go with it. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply StinkySocky Must be the most useless feature besides the rest of digitaltouch. Posted via the iMore App for Android -2 2 years ago Reply background_app It's a little creepy. Geeky but creepy. -1 2 years ago Reply gloria-hackler I agree with others. It's a compltely useless feature of Apple Watch. -2 2 years ago Reply uwatto How to pick your nose while wearing the apple watch Sent from the iMore App -2 2 years ago Reply nelsonecm How to walk while wearing your apple watch. Sent from the iMore App -2 2 years ago Reply Paradocks How to use the toilet while wearing the Apple watch. -2 2 years ago Reply MGBarr It's a new way to connect, along with digital touch, but unless you have a loved one that also has a watch, may be weird / creepy to some. I only use it with my wife... Sometimes at the gym after a workout and my heart rate is up. Send a quick message with how fast my hearts going. Sent from the iMore App 1 2 years ago Reply mnc76 How to breathe while wearing the Apple Watch lol... oh wait. That's actually an article http://m.imore.com/breathe-how-apple-watchs-new-app-will-help-you-live-a... 0 7 months ago Reply DJSSAS Heartbeat- I think it's need & used it a few times, but that's all. Sent from the iMore App 0 7 months ago Reply tikishark No offense, but iMore has starting writing articles for morons. Next we'll have articles on, "how to turn on your phone using the home button" or "How to check the time on your Apple Watch". What had happened to the thought provoking posts that iMore used to make? Sent from the iMore App -1 7 months ago Reply Maurice Lewis I agree. This seems to be a recycled article since you can't send a heartbeat from Apple Watch in watchOS 3. Or am I mistaken? -1 7 months ago Reply akar33 What's up with all the How-To articles? iMore has changed so much in the last few months. There used to be informative articles before. Now it's just a bunch of How-Tos and defensive posts as soon as there is an Apple related controversy (like with the iMessage) while totally ignoring Apple related issues that actually do pop-up (like the T-Mobile/iOS 10 issue). Not even a news article. 0 7 months ago Reply Isaiah Heart OK. Who won the iPhone 7 and Smart Watch from pad and quill? Cause they didn't announce. Isaiah Heart. 0 7 months ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Buy it all How to buy a song you like from Apple Music on your iPhone or iPad By Serenity Caldwell Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 8:00 am EDT 3 Comments Serenity is the Managing Editor at iMore. She's been talking, writing about, and tinkering with Apple products since she was old enough to double-click. In her spare time, she sketches, sings, and in her secret superhero life, plays roller derby. Follow her on Twitter @settern. Want to purchase a song you love listening to on Apple Music? It's trickier than I'd like, but doable. When Apple redesigned the iPhone and iPad's Music app to focus on your music collection, iCloud Music Library, and Apple Music, it removed all traces of a previously-highly-placed item: iTunes.   Yes, streaming music is all the rage, and for good reason — with offline play and customized playlists, your music library is bigger and more interesting than ever before. But if you still like occasionally owning music, the iTunes app is where you'll do your purchasing. One frustrating side-effect of this change: It's now much more difficult to buy a song you've found and love on Apple Music. There's no direct way to "Open in iTunes," even if a song or album isn't supported in Apple Music at all. (I see you, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 1.) Instead, when you stumble across non-streamable media in the Music app, you'll be greeted with a depressing alert informing you of its unavailability on your device. Rather than having to manually open the iTunes app and search every time you want a song, however, there's an easier way — all thanks to a few enterprising folks on the Internet. How to open an Apple Music song in iTunes (the easy way) If you own the Workflow app, you need only install a quick and easy workflow to make this happen. On your iPhone, open the Open in iTunes Store workflow (courtesy the Workflow Gallery). Tap Get Workflow. Select Open. Press Done. Open the Music app and navigate to the song you'd like to open in iTunes. Firmly press on the song to open its 3D Touch menu (or tap on the song, then tap the More (…) button). Tap Share Song. If you've never used workflow before, tap the More (…) button at the bottom of the screen, then enable the Run Workflow switch and press Done. Press the Run Workflow button. Press the Open in iTunes Store button. If it's your first time using this workflow, you may have to press Run Workflow to give the app permissions, then return to step 6. Your song should open in iTunes. Once you've gone through this once, you can open any future Apple Music songs in iTunes by doing the following: Open the Music app and navigate to the song you'd like to open in iTunes. Firmly press on the song to open its 3D Touch menu (or tap on the song, then tap the More (…) button). Tap Share Song. Press the Run Workflow button. Press the Open in iTunes Store button. Your song should open in iTunes. How to open an Apple Music song in iTunes (the hard way) If you don't want to mess around with Workflow (though we highly recommend it), you can essentially do this manually: Open the Music app and navigate to the song you'd like to open in iTunes. Firmly press on the song to open its 3D Touch menu (or tap on the song, then tap the More (…) button). Tap Share Song. Press the Copy button. Open Safari. In the URL bar, paste the copied link and add the following text: &app=iTunes. Press Open. The song should display in the iTunes Store. How to open an Apple Music song in iTunes — or just about any other streaming service If it's not just iTunes you're looking to connect with, but other streaming services, you can use Matt Abras's free SoundShare app to make that happen. SoundShare uses Facebook to connect multiple different services together; once set up, you can access iTunes with the click of a button. SoundShare - Download now! Questions?  Let us know below. Reader comments How to buy a song you like from Apple Music on your iPhone or iPad 3 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating sectime Because tapping on iTunes app icon is too hard? I want the ability to purchase playlists with one click. 0 17 hours ago Reply Serenity Caldwell I agree! It's a pain. 0 16 hours ago Reply Quintus Thanks Serenity! I will try the WorkFlow solution. My workaround has been to simply launch Shazam, identify the song and click the "buy in iTunes" button. Pain that they removed the direct buy button. Maybe it will come back in the next iteration of the Music app! 0 11 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Alexa - what is an Echo? Amazon Echo: Everything you need to know! By Lory Gil Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 9:00 am EDT 0 Comments Lory is a renaissance woman, writing news, reviews, and how-to guides for iMore. She also fancies herself a bit of a rock star in her town and spends too much time reading comic books.  If she's not typing away at her keyboard, you can probably find her at Disneyland or watching Star Wars (or both). Amazon's home hub assistant can turn off your lights, lock your door, and tell you what's on your calendar today. All you have to do is ask. Amazon's virtual assistant, Alexa, is at its most useful when activated from one of the supported home speakers, the Echo, Dot, or Tap. When you connect the Alexa app, you can enable skills, connect smart home gadgets, and sync your email and calendar apps. Then, just ask Alexa to turn off your lights, play a game with you, or read your new emails. It's kind of like a physical version of Siri, but with less support for Apple services and more support for non-Apple services. If you've got questions about Amazon's Echo, Dot, or Tap, we have the answer you're looking for. What's new with the Amazon Echo family? Amazon added support for iCloud Calendar. You can now sign into iCloud using an app-specific password in the Alexa app and add your iCloud Calendar. Once connected, you can ask Alexa about your upcoming schedule. How to add your iCloud Calendar to Amazon Echo What is an Amazon Echo device? Echo is a home hub speaker that connects to supported smart devices in the home. It also supports Amazon's virtual assistant, Alexa, which can connect to supported media services, productivity apps, and more. You can use it to listen to music from a separate device or directly from one of the supported connected services, like Pandora, Spotify, or Amazon Music. It is always listening for its wake word, which by default is "Alexa." Anything you say before or after saying the wake word is not sent to Amazon's servers or stored in any way, but things you say when you trigger Alexa, whether intentional or accidental, is sent to Amazon's servers and stored. Wired has a great article about always listening devices that explains more. If you prefer, you can turn off the always listening feature and instead use a manual button on the device to trigger Alexa. What's the difference between Echo, Tap, and Dot? Echo comes in three different formats. The standard Echo is just under 10-inches tall and has a built-in 360-degree speaker and microphone array. It has to be plugged into a power source and connected to wi-fi in order to work to its full potential, though it can be used as a Bluetooth speaker outside of wi-fi. It's perfect for people that want to keep their device at home and also listen to music through it. The Tap is a outdoorsy version of the standard Echo. It is about six inches tall and has a built-in 360-degree speaker and microphone array. It needs to be connected to wi-fi in order to use with Alexa, but works great as a battery-powered Bluetooth speaker. It's called the Tap because, when it first launched, you had to tap the wake button in order to trigger Alexa. The Tap has since received a firmware update that makes it possible for you to wake Alexa with voice activation, so it's basically just a smaller, more rugged version of the Echo. It's perfect for anyone that wants Alexa in the home, but likes to listen to music on the go. The Dot is the smallest and least expensive in the Echo family. it has a built-in speaker and microphone array, but the speaker is very small. The entire device is only about an inch-and-a-half tall. It needs to be connected to a power source and connected to wi-fi in order to work to its full potential. Because the speaker is so small, I wouldn't recommend using it solely for music listening. You can, however, connect it to a more robust Bluetooth speaker. It's perfect for those who will use it primarily for the Alexa feature, or who have a solid Bluetooth speaker they'd rather use instead. How do I get one? From Amazon, of course. Echo - $179.99 - Buy on Amazon Tap - $129.99 - Buy on Amazon Dot - $49.99 - Buy on Amazon How do I set up an Echo, Tap, or Dot? Once you get your Echo, Tap, or Dot, you'll need to connect it to your smart phone. Download the Alexa app and then sign in to your Amazon account to get started. You'll be able to manage all of your connected devices and services from the Alexa app. Then, plug in the Echo or Dot (or make sure the Tap is charged up). The light ring around the top will light up and turn blue to let you know it's powered. It will then turn orange and greet you. Connect your Echo, Tap, or Dot to your wi-fi network inside the Alexa app. When you're done, just say, "Alexa" to start talking. The Alexa app is where all of your devices and services are connected. It's also where you complete your Echo set up. Open the Alexa app, tap the menu icon in the upper left corner of the screen, tap Settings, then select your Echo device. You can change your wi-fi connection, connect a Bluetooth device, or pair a remote device in the device section. You can also schedule Do Not Disturb, change the alarm, timer, and notification sounds, rename your Echo device, manually add your location, change the language, temperature, and distance units, and change your wake word. You can trigger Alexa by selecting a different wake word than the default. You can change it to Amazon, Echo, or Computer. Let me just warn you that you'll probably say "computer" more often than you'll ever say "Alexa" in casual conversation, which means you'll be more likely to accidentally wake Alexa. Just keep that in mind when you change the wake word. How do I connect all the things to my Echo, Tap, or Dot? One of the best things about having an Echo around the house is all the things you can connect to it, including apps, services, and smart home gadgets. Services you can connect to are listed in the Menu. Tap the menu icon in the upper left corner of the Alexa app to get started. Add your music, video, and books In the Menu section, tap Music, Video, & Books to see what services are supported. Currently, the cable provider Dish is the only video service compatible with Echo and you'll need a Dish Hopper or Wally in order to connect it. If you have all the required equipment and subscriptions, tap Dish TV under the video section, then tap Enable Skill at the bottom of the page. Once connected, you can just ask Alexa to play a movie, change the channel, search for content with specific actors, pause, fast forward, and rewind through content, and more. Alexa is most compatible with music streaming services. You can stream music from Amazon Music, listen to tunes you've added to Amazon Prime Music, play content from your Spotify Premium account, stream stations from your Pandora or iHeartRadio account, or listen to local radio stations with TuneIn. You can also connect your Audible or Kindle account to listen to audiobooks. Connect your calendar You can add your calendar to Alexa and have it tell you your schedule by day, date, time, day of the week, or weekend. The Alexa app supports Apple iCloud, Gmail, G Suite, Office 365, and Outlook. To connect a calendar, select Settings from the Menu list, then tap Calendars. Then select which calendar you want to add. If you want to connect your iCloud Calendar, you'll have to follow a few security-based steps. How to connect your iCloud Calendar to your Echo Add your smart home devices Any smart home gadget that is supported by Alexa can be set up in the Smart Home section of the Alexa app. You can group devices and trigger them all together or create scenes that you can enable with a single word. For example, you could set your Hue lights to red, your thermostat to 90, and the water heater connected to your smart plug to on, and call the scene "hot." In order to group your smart home devices and create scenes, you'll need to connect them to Alexa using smart home skills, found in the Alexa Skills Store. How do I get skills for Alexa? The Alexa Skills Store is where you find all kinds of services that make Alexa and the Echo family more interesting. You can download skills to connect your smart home devices, your email account, and your finance apps. You can add skills that let you play trivia games, make funny songs out of just your voice, and tell Alexa to talk to your cat. There are hundreds of skills created by a variety of developers. Some skills work great, others not so much. It's like an app store for your Echo. To find skills for Alexa, tap the Menu icon in the upper left corner of the Alexa app, then tap Skills. Browse the content and add whatever you'd like. How do I buy stuff on Amazon using my Echo, Tap, or Dot? When you create an Alexa shopping list, you can access it from the app or from the Amazon website when you sign in. Add simple things, like "tea" or "sugar," and when you are ready to buy something, ask Alexa for help. You can ask Alexa to buy something from your shopping list. It will offer suggestions based on your request and you can say, "buy" to purchase it. Amazon has daily deals that offer deep discounts on specific items for 24-hours. You can ask Alexa to tell you what the daily deals are. If you want something on sale, say "yes" when Alexa asks if you want to buy it. You can also ask Alexa to find something by name. For example, if you know you want to buy Star Wars on DVD, you can tell Alexa to order it for you. The virtual assistant will run through your available purchasing options, one at a time, and let you choose the one you want. When you're ready, Alexa will ask if you are sure you want to buy an item and you'll say "yes" to confirm. If you worry that someone in your family will purchase items from Amazon without your permission, you can enable a passcode or disable Amazon purchases from Alexa entirely. How to stop Alexa from ordering stuff without your permission How do I create a shopping or to-do list? You can create a shopping or to-do list either by asking Alexa to "open a list" or by creating one in the Alexa app. Add items by telling Alexa to add them, or by typing them into the Alexa app. Say, "Alexa, add clean the bathroom to my to-do list" or "Alexa, add sugar to my shopping list." To access your shopping and to-do lists from the Alexa app, tap the Menu icon in the upper left corner, then tap Lists. How do I set a timer or alarm? Just like setting an alarm or timer with the help of Siri, you can add one to your Echo services by asking Alexa. Say, "Alexa, set a timer for 10 minutes," or "Alexa, set an alarm for 6:00 am on weekdays." You can access and edit timers and alarms from the Menu list under Timers and Alarms. How do I call someone from my Echo, Tap, or Dot? You can use the Alexa app to call anyone else that also has the Alexa app and has enabled the calling and messaging feature. You'll have to register for Alexa calling-to-calling in order to enable the feature, and your contacts will need to do so, as well. Not many people even know about the feature right now, so you'll probably have to ask your friends and family to register if you want to talk to them via Alexa. Once you register your account, you can make a call by asking Alexa to call the person in your contacts. Just say, "Alexa, call Mikah." If you don't want to talk directly to a person, you can also leave a voice message that he or she can listen to from the Alexa app or from an Echo device. Just say, "Alexa, send a message to Serenity." If you receive a message from someone, you can say, "Alexa, play my message" to hear it played back. There have been some privacy concerns about signing up with Alexa's calling-to-calling feature. At the moment, you can't block anyone from calling you, even if you've previously blocked them on your smart phone. All they need is your phone number. Hopefully, Amazon will allow users to block or edit their contact list Questions? If you have any questions about Amazon's Echo family of Alexa supported speakers, put them in the comments and we'll help you out. Reader comments Amazon Echo: Everything you need to know! 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search If you have to ask... Should you jailbreak your iPhone? By Russell Holly Friday, Jun 2, 2017 at 10:00 am EDT 12 Comments Russell is a Contributing Editor at iMore. He's a passionate futurist whose trusty iPad mini is never far from reach. You can usually find him chasing the next tech trend, much to the pain of his wallet. Reach out on Twitter! Jailbreaking is absolutely still a thing, but is it a thing for you? There are a couple of good reasons people consider jailbreaking an iPhone. Maybe you've upgraded to the next model and the previous iPhone is still good enough to play with, or you saw a YouTube video with a cool feature you can only get by jailbreaking. Whatever the reason, there's usually a moment right before you look up how to jailbreak your iPhone where you consider whether it's something you should actually be doing. This FAQ is for that moment when you are faced with whether you should or should not risk the unknown and jailbreak your phone. Here's everything you need to know about making that decision! What exactly is jailbreaking? Basically, it's a process that allows you to modify parts of the operating system Apple does not allow you to modify. With a jailbroken iPhone, you can install apps and mods from third-party repositories that allow you to change the size of your apps on the homescreen, tweak the colors of iOS menus to suit your liking, and even control the kind of information that is sent from your phone when interacting with other apps. Why aren't these things in the App Store? Apple has very specific rules about how apps are allowed to behave on your iPhone in order to be allowed into the App Store. If you want an app that shows a countdown to WWDC on your lockscreen, Apple would not allow it in the App Store because that app modifies a part of iOS that Apple thinks shouldn't be modified. In the past, jailbroken apps have become so popular that Apple has added those features directly into the OS as a way of encouraging people to avoid jailbreaking. Apple can't, or won't, do this for every jailbreak app. So, there are respositories full of unique features that you can only get on your iPhone if you are willing to jailbreak it. Do all of my normal apps still work? For the most part, yes. Remember, iOS apps are largely built as individual things without a lot of shared resources. It's one of the ways Apple has been able to guarantee a certain level of security in iOS for so long. That having been said, there are jailbreak apps designed to modify other third-party apps and those can occasionally break things. Sometimes developers implement protections which render their apps inoperable if specific jailbreak mods are detected, which is occasionally difficult to understand and work around. How can I tell if my phone can be jailbroken? The big thing to look for when it comes to jailbreaking is your iOS version. Every iPhone gets notifications to install the latest version of iOS when it is available, and those latest versions usually include new security from Apple to prevent whatever was being used previously to cause a jailbreak to happen. Currently, the iOS version that can be jailbroken is 10.2. If you have a version higher than this without a backup to a previous version of iOS saved somewhere, you will not be able to jailbreak your phone at this time. What about my iPad? Yes! You can jailbreak an iPad, an iPod, and an iPhone with the same basic experience. It's worth pointing out there are significantly more jailbreak apps and mods made with the iPhone form factor in mind, so like the App Store not everything on the iPhone looks great on the iPad or iPod. All you really need to do is explore! Is jailbreaking dangerous? Any time you modify an operating system and intentionally subvert Apple's policies for keeping you safe, you're taking a risk. Using jailbroken apps aren't like using App Store apps, because Apple isn't policing these repositories to guarantee your safety. If they're policed at all, it's by individual users. Basically, jailbreaking is a trust exercise. You are trusting the people building these apps and mods to have your best interests at heart, and with that kind of trust comes obvious risks. You aren't automatically at risk if you jailbreak, but you are actively disabling things that had previously been keeping you safe. So should I do this or not? Ultimately, deciding to jailbreak comes down to answering a handful of questions for yourself. Are you somewhat disillusioned with your iPhone and the way it works? Do you enjoy tinkering with new apps and possibly unfinished features? Are you technically minded enough to fix something on your phone if it breaks? If you answered yes to these three questions, jailbreaking is something you'd probably enjoy and you should go check it out. Make absolutely sure you have a backup of your current iPhone setup somewhere just in case you need to go back to the way things were, and then go have a blast! Any questions? If you're still on the fence about whether or not you want to jailbreak your iPhone, put your concerns in the comments and we'll talk about them more. Reader comments Should you jailbreak your iPhone? 12 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Planetary Paul In principle, when you break your iOS device you're on your own regarding security on your device. You have to ask yourself: Am I that good at security to keep myself immune from any attacks I just opened my door for? 0 16 hours ago Reply GreenDize12 Been jailbreaking since iPhone OS 3.2 (iPad), and iOS 4.0.1 (iPhone), and I have yet to encounter security issues Rene the Conspiracy theorists overreacts about. Sure the vulnerabilities are there, but stick iOS also has 'em as well. You jailbreak for the freedom of customization, not piracy which unfortunately comes with any territory. 0 10 hours ago Reply cmdacos Yes, absolutely you should. Wish I could but my ip7 is corporate owned. Posted via the iMore App for Android 0 15 hours ago Reply Ledsteplin I've never been jailbroken. I wanted to a while back to get a screen recorder. But I managed to get one another way. I'm satisfied with my iPhone as is now. No need for a risky jailbreak. 0 15 hours ago Reply lkrupp If you see yourself as “needing” to jailbreak just go over to Android and stop the posturing and chest thumping. iOS is not for you. 0 14 hours ago Reply tjolley11 100% disagree. Much prefer iOS over Android for a host of reasons, but Apple is being obstinate on many issues for no other reason than they can. I absolutely will NOT use iOS unless it is jailbroken. Here are a list of incredible useful 'jailbreaks' that virtually every iOS user would love to have and use every day if they could, and there is no reason Apple can't add them at any time: 1. Folders within folders. Really Apple? No nesting of folders? Why not? I only want a single folder for 'Games', but I want to be able to have them further broken down by categories - like board, card, action, etc. I don't want 10 screens of games, when a single screen of folders within a games directory will do. Oh! And let me choose how many mini-icons to display on that folder please. Your insistence on trying to show 9 really small icons is a hideous disaster. Let me only show 1, 2 ,4 representations of what is in the folder. 2. Let ME choose the number of rows and columns on my home page. Thanks. I like 5 columns and 6 rows on my home screen. In conjunction with folders within folders, I have everything on a single screen 3. Let ME choose how many items to have in my dock. I find 7 to be a good number for me 4. Actually USE force Touch for folders. I use an app that lets me use force touch on folders and it pops up the first 4 apps inside the folder (Number can be set). So I am able to place my 4 most-used apps at the top of a folder, then Force Touch the folder and launch the app. Much quicker than tapping into the folder and launching. 5. Force touch to clear all notifications. What a concept. Let me use force touch on notification screen to clear ALL notifications at once. 6. Date in Status Bar. Really? I have to Jailbreak to do this STILL? 7. Detailed Battery usage. Really? jailbreak for such simple and meaningful information? 8. Kill all background apps with a single tap. Yes, you DO need to kill background apps a lot - there are a lot of poorly written apps. A simple way to kill them all is a big time saver. 9. iTouch throughout the OS. No-brainer. too bad you can only use your finger print for passwords throughout the OS and across apps by jailbreaking 10. Guest user account. Great way to let others use your phone while also securing your private info. Easy to do. Apple won't do it, Jailbreakers will. And the list goes on. There are amazing things you can do to make your phone work so much better and faster that Apple could easily implement but won't. 0 11 hours ago Reply libra89 Excellent comment! I seem to always miss the jailbreak window every time I think about doing it. Such a bummer. 0 7 hours ago Reply themacmonk What ikrupp said. :) 0 13 hours ago Reply OldAndBusted "Should you jailbreak your iPhone?" No. Next question. 0 11 hours ago Reply GreenDize12 "Should you jailbreak your iPhone?" Yes. Next Question. 0 10 hours ago Reply Nick Seamore No I won't jailbreak any of my IOS devices. 0 8 hours ago Reply jayzero76 i had almost all iPhones and jailbreak yeah but somehow i do not have to much time. so iphone 7 plus is still a virgin lol i really would like to see widgets and extra fonts yeah file system would be nice to have 0 5 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Yesterday AAPL: 155.45 2.27 Apple Music’s Bozoma Saint John reportedly leaving company Zac Hall - Jun. 2nd 2017 5:38 pm PT @apollozac Apple Music View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Axios reports that Apple Music executive Bozoma Saint John plans to leave her role at the company. Saint John has served as the Head of Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music since the company’s Beats Music acquisition in 2014. Sony A6500 Bozoma Saint John has also made several public appearances and given press interviews during her role at Apple. Saint John demoed iOS 10’s Apple Music update on stage at last year’s WWDC, an appearance which was widely praised, and even an Apple Music ad alongside Eddy Cue and James Corden. Considering Apple’s next WWDC keynote will take place on Monday, it’s possible Saint John will not be a part of the keynote (and tonight’s report explains that ahead of time). Apple hasn’t confirmed the information, but here’s what Axios‘s Ina Fried reports: Bozoma Saint John, the Apple executive who garnered significant attention for her demo at last year’s worldwide developer conference, plans to leave the company, Axios has learned. Saint John was head of Global Consumer Marketing for Apple Music (and predecessor Beats Music). Prior to that she was head of music and entertainment marketing for Pepsi. As the report also notes, Saint John’s reported exit follows Denise Young Smith’s move from global HR to Inclusion and Diversity VP, a newly created position which 9to5Mac first reported. While Apple makes diversity an ongoing mission, the company has been slow to make significant changes to the gender and race makeup especially among executives since it started sharing data. We’ll update if Apple or Bozoma Saint John confirms the report of her planned exit. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple Music Apple's streaming music service View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple will open Siri to new kinds of apps at next week's conference, but it won't try to match Amazon's wide breadth Reuters Jun. 2, 2017, 8:41 PM 7,369 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook AP By Stephen Nellis Apple is expected to announce plans next week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, as the technology company looks to counter the runaway success of Amazon.com Inc's competing Alexa service. But the Cupertino, California company is likely to stick to its tested method of focusing on a small amount of features and trying to perfect them, rather than casting as wide a net as possible, according to engineers and artificial intelligence industry insiders. Currently, Apple's Siri works with only six types of app: ride-hailing and sharing; messaging and calling; photo search; payments; fitness; and auto infotainment systems. At the company's annual developer conference next week, it is expected to add to those categories. Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon's Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. But even if Siri doubles its areas of expertise, it will be a far cry from the 12,000 or so tasks that Amazon.com's Alexa can handle. The difference illustrates a strategic divide between the two tech rivals. Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well. Amazon puts no such restrictions on Alexa, wagering that the voice assistant with the most "skills," its term for apps on its Echo assistant devices, will gain a loyal following, even if it sometimes makes mistakes and takes more effort to use. The clash of approaches is coming to a head as virtual assistants that respond to voice commands become a priority for the leading tech companies, which want to find new ways of engaging customers and make more money from shopping and online services. Path to money Amazon's Alexa-enabled Echo Dot Steve Kovach/Business Insider Now, an iPhone user can say, "Hey Siri, I'd like a ride to the airport" or "Hey Siri, order me a car," and Siri will open the Uber or Lyft ride service app and start booking a trip. Apart from some basic home and music functions, Alexa needs more specific directions, using a limited set of commands such as "ask" or "tell." For example, "Alexa, ask Uber for a ride," will start the process of summoning a car, but "Alexa, order me an Uber" will not, because Alexa does not make the connection that it should open the Uber "skill." After some setup, Alexa can order a pizza from Domino's, while Siri cannot get a pie because food delivery is not - so far - one of the categories of apps that Apple has opened up to Siri. "In typical Apple fashion, they've allowed for only a few use cases, but they do them very well," said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, maker of an intelligent assistant app. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company does not comment on its plans for developers. Amazon said in a statement: "Our goal is to make speaking with Alexa as natural and easy as possible, so we’re looking at ways to improve this over time." Side dish, not entree Apple's narrower focus could become a problem, said Matt McIlwain, a venture capitalist with Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group. The potential of Apple's original iPhone did not come to light until thousands of developers started building apps. McIlwain said he expects Apple to add new categories at its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, but not nearly enough to match Alexa's number of skills. "To attract developers in the modern world, you need a platform," McIlwain said. "If Apple does not launch a 'skills store,' that would be a mistake." Neither Siri nor Alexa has a clear path to making money. Siri works as an additional tool for controlling traditional apps, and Apple pays money to owners of those apps. Alexa's skills are free, and developers are not paid. At the moment, because of their limits, voice apps are "a side dish, not the entree," according to Oren Etzioni, CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. Amazon was wise to not commit to an economic model at such an early state, Etzioni said. "Once a successful economic model for developers emerges, people are going to gravitate to it." (Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Peter Henderson and Bill Rigby) Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. SEE ALSO: Rihanna fans are furious at Apple exec Eddy Cue — here’s why NOW WATCH: Here's why the American flag is reversed on military uniforms Loading video... More: Apple Siri WWDC 2017 Amazon Alexa Amazon Echo AI assistants Voice Recognition Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple will open Siri to new kinds of apps at next week's conference, but it won't try to match Amazon's wide breadth Apple will open Siri to new kinds of apps at next week's conference, but it won't try to match Amazon's wide breadth By Stephen Nellis Apple is expected to announce... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations SF Bay Area Events Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer SF Bay Area Events Online Marketing Promotion, By Zennie62Media #SFEvents YT ComicCon Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rate LOG Live FLS Priv Apple Loop: New iPhone 8 Screen Leaks, Secrets Of The Siri Speaker, MacBook Pro Update Risks Anger – Forbes Posted on Jun 2 2017 - 7:05pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 17 Related This startup helps creative professionals find the right projects around them – YourStory.com Forbes Taking a look back at another week of news from Cupertino, this week’s Apple Loop includes new details of the iPhone 8 design, Apple fighting Windows 10 at WWDC with new hardware, the iPhone’s profit share, the challenges of a diabetic monitor in the … Apple’s WWDC 2017: a Siri speaker, iOS 11, and what else to expectThe Verge Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s AlexaBusiness Insider Hey Apple, can you top Google and Facebook at AR and AI?CNET Macworld –9to5Mac –Engadget –Digital Trends all 367 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . [yourchannel user="Zennie62"] Zennie62 Email List Name Email * Zennie62 on YouTube Las Vegas Pol Blasts NFL Oakland Raiders Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Wonder Woman Movie Review Gal Godot Leads Best DC Comics Movie To Date Jeremy Maclin Released By Chiefs - Eagles Fans Call For His Return NFL News Dalvin Cook, Chris Godwin Sign With Vikings, Bucs Chiefs Release Jeremy Maclin NFL News NBA Finals 2017 Cavs vs Warriors Game 1 Live Vlog #NBAFinals Trump Administration Didn't Read Paris Accord, Confused UN President With Obama NBA Finals Cleveland Cavs vs Golden State Warriors Oakland Preview Livestream Oakland Offers $1 Million Settlement To Jasmine Abuslin Sex Scandal Victim Oakland In NBA Finals TV Spotlight Again, Not After Warriors Go To SF Finished House Of Cards Season 5 On Netflix, And Wow, Did Trump See It? Derek Carr Contract Trumanine Johnson Rams, Mark Sanchez Injury NFL Livestream Tiger Woods DUI Arrest A Police Set Up - Sports Talk Livestream http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Music Marketing Exec Bozoma Saint John to Leave Company Friday June 2, 2017 5:42 PM PDT by Juli Clover Bozoma Saint John, Apple Music and iTunes head of Global Consumer Marketing, is planning to leave the company, reports Axios. Saint John, also known as "Boz," joined Apple when the company acquired Beats Music in 2014. She came into the public spotlight at the 2016 Worldwide Developers Conference, where she demonstrated new Apple Music features on stage. Since then, Saint John has spoken at Fortune's Most Powerful Women Summit, starred in an Apple Music ad alongside Eddy Cue, Jimmy Iovine, and James Corden, and represented Apple Music in interviews along with Larry Jackson and Zane Lowe. It is not clear where Saint John, who formerly worked at Pepsi, will be heading after she leaves Apple. Her reason for leaving is also unclear, with Apple declining to comment on the news. 32 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Richardgm 6 hours ago at 05:58 pm Good riddance. ??? Rating: 13 Votes JGIGS 6 hours ago at 06:10 pm If I remember correctly, she had a good stage presence and kept my attention. With that being said, Apple Music app on the iPhone and Mac need a clean slate so maybe this can be good? She was head of marketing so not really responsible for the software. Rating: 5 Votes patrick001 6 hours ago at 06:36 pm I cautiously enquire why you think this? From what I'd seen and read, she was an enthusiastic, intelligent person who increased the profile of black women in industry. Because she was annoying. And it has nothing to do with her race, as you so predictably tried to bring up as a relevant point in your comment. Rating: 4 Votes ILikeAllOS 5 hours ago at 06:50 pm I'm not sure if it's a good thing or not because I only seen her at that one keynote so I never formed an opinion on her. All I can say though is that when she was on stage, I had to cringe when she tried getting everyone to clap or dance along to some song she played... :eek: Rating: 4 Votes Ghosts 6 hours ago at 05:46 pm Good riddance. Rating: 3 Votes Glassed Silver 5 hours ago at 07:32 pm People said that about Forstall too. Perhaps there is a pattern here… :eek: To be frank, I really have to eat crow here and laugh about my former self who celebrated his departure. Nowadays I really wish he'd come back and take over. He might have had his disagreements with he who shall not be named, but he strikes me as one of the better visionaries for the company. I don't know him personally, but just the fact that he was let go by the guy who changed Apple's direction so very much leads me to believe that he was in the way. I doubt it was Apple Maps only, because in the end the launch of a service or product probably still needs Tim's signature as well. [USER=454744]@TOPIC[/USER]: Didn't like her appearance on last year's WWDC, but I'm sure that she's been very good at her other jobs. As for Apple Music and iTunes marketing, I think that one had some very positive changes from before, but also some bad ones. Overall I think that a good talent is leaving Apple and I wish her the very best for her future career. Glassed Silver:ios Rating: 2 Votes KALLT 6 hours ago at 06:20 pm Wow, that is a little surprising. She was on some people's short list to replace Tim Cook in several yrs as CEO. People said that about Forstall too. Perhaps there is a pattern here… :eek: Rating: 2 Votes ThunderSkunk 5 hours ago at 07:31 pm Unfortunate for Apple. Definitely one of the more vibrant personalities that made public appearances. I guess we can look forward to more Eddy Cue in his leisure suit and beer helmet. Rating: 1 Votes weup togo 5 hours ago at 07:19 pm She was head of marketing No, she was not. The amount of lazy incorrectness on forums is staggering. Rating: 1 Votes dampfnudel 5 hours ago at 07:29 pm If only her job was to increase the profile of black women in industry. Alas, she was actually tasked with heading the Global Consumer Marketing team instead. :-\ If only we knew the backstory to this sudden departure. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? WWDC 2017 June 5–9 iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories What to Expect at WWDC 2017: Software Updates, Mac Notebook Refresh, New iPad Pro, Siri Speaker Possible 9 hours ago on Front Page Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off on Monday morning, with a keynote event that starts at 10:00 a.m. This year's event promises to be exciting, because alongside new... 128 comments Apple to Expand Siri to Work With More Types of Third-Party Apps 9 hours ago on Front Page At its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, Apple is expected to expand Siri's functionality, allowing the voice assistant built into the iPhone and iPad to work with a wider variety of... 19 comments Apple Paying Freelancers to Improve the Accuracy of Apple Maps 14 hours ago on Front Page In an effort to improve Apple Maps, which many iPhone users still consider to be inferior to Google Maps, Apple has enlisted the help of contracted freelancers to validate the accuracy of points of... 105 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook: Trump's Decision to Withdraw From Paris Accord 'Was Wrong for Our Planet' 1 day ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook this afternoon sent an email to Apple employees expressing his disappointment with U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal. In the... 802 comments First WWDC 2017 Decorations Start Going Up at McEnery Convention Center 2 days ago on Front Page With just four days to go until the 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple has started decorating the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, where the event will be held. Based on images... 143 comments New Nike Apple Watch Bands Now Available for Purchase [Updated] 2 days ago on Front Page Last week, Nike announced plans to release four new Nike+ Apple Watch bands in colors that match its line of Nike Air VaporMax Flyknit "Day to Night" shoes, and those watch bands are... 90 comments Swift Playgrounds Will Soon Be Able to Program and Control Robots, Drones, and Toys 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its iPad app aimed at making learning how to code interactive and fun, will be able to program and control robots, drones, musical instruments, and other... 72 comments Apple Says Developers Have Earned Over $70 Billion From App Store Since It Launched 2 days ago on Front Page Apple today announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008."People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them... 111 comments • Rumored Siri Speaker in Production Ahead of Possible WWDC Debut (296) • Apple CEO Tim Cook Urges U.S. President to Stay in Paris Climate Pact (454) • 'iPhone 8' Renders Offer Direct Size Comparisons With iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8 (189) • Apple Registers New Macs and iPads in Eurasia Ahead of WWDC on June 5 (294) • Apple's 'Carpool Karaoke' TV Series to Debut on August 8 (125) • Apple Updates Official WWDC App Ahead of 2017 Event (52) • Apple Seeds Second Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] (53)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade WWDC Preparations - The TouchArcade Show #209 TouchArcade Needs Your Help to Survive: Here's All the Ways You Can Support Us (Some for Free!) TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Yankai's Peak' 'Beholder' Review - Oppressing People and Taking Names Was Never This Fun New 'Thor's Hammer' Expansion Arrives for 'The Quest HD' On5's 'Squake' Soft Launched, Brings New Ideas to 'Slither.io' Formula YouTube What to Expect at WWDC 2017! Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 3 154 0,2%  Dow 21 206 0,3%  Nasdaq 5 881 1,1%  Euro 1,1283 0,6%  ATX P 1 592 0,4%  EStoxx50 3 592 0,7%  Nikkei 20 177 1,6%  CHF 1,0862 -0,3%  DAX 12 823 1,3%  FTSE100 7 548 0,1%  Öl 50,0 -0,9%  Gold 1 280 1,1%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 03.06.2017 01:23:00 A A Teilen Drucken Audeze Adds Black/Steel Edition to Acclaimed iSINE In-Ear Series Tweet COSTA MESA, Calif., June 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Music is powerful, a distinct form of communication that moves your mind and soul.  Building the soundtrack to your life as you live it, music pulls at your heart in most unusual ways, comforting, inspiring, strengthening you. Appreciate your music, empower it, hear it in a way you never have before. Upgrade your total listening experience with Audeze's iSINE10 Black/Steel available exclusively on Apple.com and in select Apple stores. Audeze, an award-winning innovative headphone manufacturer, is pleased to announce the newest addition to their highly acclaimed iSINE series of in-ear headphones.  Emerging from inside their refined black carrying case, the iSINE10 Black/Steel evokes an image of stylish jewelry. Like fashionable earrings or a luxurious watch, these headphones make a big "Stand out in the crowd" statement.  With its exclusive Black/Steel design, Audeze has created an in-ear headphone that looks as distinctive as it sounds. Audeze rewrites the rules for in-ear headphones Conceived, engineered and handcrafted with precision at Audeze's California facility, the patented technologies of the company's LCD full-sized headphones are the foundation for the iSINE10 Black/Steel's cutting-edge design. In an audio industry first, Audeze has succeeded in reducing its best-in-class planar magnetic technology into a small, lightweight package. Perfect for iPhone and iPad, these semi-open back in-ear headphones raise the bar for sound quality, providing lower distortion, superior bass response, and a wider soundstage than any other in-ear on the market. The iSINE10 Black/Steel comes with Audeze's one-of-a-kind CIPHER Lightning cable. With its inline system-on-a-chip, CIPHER takes digital audio directly from your iPhone or iPad and uses an integral DAC and amplifier for superior audio and improved voice call quality.  The built-in microphone can be used for both phone calls and Siri voice control, while large, inset buttons provide volume and media playback controls. The Audeze app for iPhone and iPad is available exclusively on the App Store and can be used to apply EQ and sound presets, allowing for music management in the palm of your hand, right on your iPhone and iPad. Connected with the CIPHER cable, Audeze's iSINE10 Black/Steel are the perfect in-ear headphones to maximize the sound capabilities of your iPhone and iPad. Their cutting-edge technology and innovative design delivers an authentic, airy, spacious sound that gives the sensation of hearing a live performance. With the iSINE10 Black/Steel, hearing is definitely believing! Audeze's iSINE10 Black/Steel can be purchased for $399 and are compatible with iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5, iPad Pro (12.9-inch), iPad Pro (9.7-inch), iPad, iPad mini 4, iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad mini 3 and iPod touch running iOS 7.1 or later. About Audeze www.audeze.com  Advancing Headphone Technology Audeze LLC is a California-based high-end audio manufacturer delivering the most accurate sound reproduction available today. Audeze products are engineered with the latest innovations in materials science and technology matched with precision craftsmanship. Audeze's commitment to research and development is reflected in every facet of its handcrafted-in-the-USA products.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/audeze-adds-blacksteel-edition-to-acclaimed-isine-in-ear-series-300468215.html SOURCE Audeze Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Multi Asset Fonds im Praxistest Hypotheken-Darlehen: Österreichischer Immobilienmarkt auf dem Weg zur Preisblase Bitcoin auf Siegeszug Wann geht die Bombe hoch? "Noch Drohpotenziale vorhanden!" Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Wall Street auf Rekordniveau US-Arbeitsmarktbericht fiel schlechter aus als erwartet. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Samsung Galaxy Book: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets BeBop's Smart Fabric VR Gloves: Rubbing Fake Stuff Has Never Felt Better NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks The Best Fidget Spinner Has An Animated Cat Inside Mobile Researchers Used Rideshare Service To Test A Stingray-Detecting Device  Let's Take This iPhone Case All The Way To The US Supreme Court $70 Billion Has Been Earned On The App Store Since Launch The BlackBerry KeyOne Will Hit Australia Next Month Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online Behind The Scenes At Russia's State Propaganda Machine Facebook Really Wants You To Say 'Hello' To Your Friends Wollongong Is Getting 1Gbps Internet Plans For $130 A Month Tesla Fires Female Engineer Who Alleged Sexual Harassment And Wage Discrimination Science & Health The Moon's South Pole May Be Icier Than We Realised Physicists Just Spotted Gravitational Waves Again, So What's Next? Nike-Funded Study Shows Compression Tights Are Basically Useless Dozens Of Cities And States Are Initiating Rogue One, Planning To Independently Rejoin The Paris Agreement  Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games 20 T-Rexes Fighting 10,000 Chickens Is All I Ever Wanted In A Jurassic Park Sequel Of Course the New Star Trek RPG Comes In A Borg Cube Box Entertainment Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel There's Some Confusion As To When A Wonder Woman Sequel Would Be Set Beauty And The Beast Deleted Scene Reveals One Very Unlucky Servant Got Turned Into A Toilet The Flash Might Have Found Its Next Big Bad Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks The Paris Agreement Is Not An Anti-American Conspiracy B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks Michael Nunez Jun 3, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple feature ios 11 macbook macbook air macos siri video feature wwdc wwdc 2017 Share On Tuesday, Apple's annual developer conference, WWDC, kicks off, and that means we will soon learn more about the company's newest and most exciting products. This year, the event runs from June 5 to June 9 (June 6 to June 10 in Australia) and is expected to serve as the launching point for major updates to iOS and macOS, as well as some new hardware. Image: Apple This will be the first time in roughly 15 years that Apple will not be hosting the event at the Moscone West Convention Center in San Francisco. Instead, the event will take place at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. We'll be on the ground at the conference, so be sure to check back for our coverage beginning Tuesday morning. There's plenty to be excited about this year, so let's dive right in. A new iPad Pro Image: Gizmodo / Alex Cranz WWDC is typically centred around software like iOS and macOS, but this year we're expecting some hardware too. The extremely credible KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says there's a good chance Apple will announce a new iPad Pro at this year's conference. The new iPad Pro is rumoured to have a 10.5-inch screen that will fit comfortably between the existing 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch models. It will also reportedly feature a new design with slimmer bezels. There's no indication of exactly how much the new device will cost — but there's a very good chance it will be priced similarly to existing models (starting at about $850). Siri speaker Image: Apple The new iPad Pro isn't the only piece of hardware expected to debut at the conference. Kuo also predicts that Apple is planning to launch a smart speaker to compete with the Amazon Echo and Google Home. In a research note viewed by MacRumors, Kuo reportedly said there is "over [a] 50 per cent chance" that Apple will announce its new smart home speaker and begin selling them later in the year. Kuo said the speaker will likely produce excellent sound quality and will positioned for a higher end market (that is, it will be more expensive) than the Amazon Echo. Adding to swirling rumours, the extremely credible Bloomberg reporter Mark Gurman reported this week that Apple "started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker". Gurman reports that the speaker will differ from the Amazon Echo and Google home by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration into Apple products. The speaker will essentially serve as a hub to automate smart home devices through Apple's (currently underdeveloped) HomeKit platform. It will also help lock customers into Apple's walled garden as people begin to add more automation to their homes and subscribe to services like Apple Music. Gurman also reports that the speaker will have advanced acoustics that give it an edge over competing products such as the Echo and Google Home, and that Apple considered adding virtual surround sound technology similar to Sonos Trueplay. It will also have comparable hardware to the Sonos Play:5 according to Kuo's research note, which says the speaker will have one subwoofer, seven tweeters, and computing power similar to the iPhone 6/6S. By comparison, as Mac Observer points out, the Echo only has one woofer and one tweeter. The Sonos Play:5 only has three woofers and three tweeters. In short, the soon-to-be-announced Siri speaker sounds much more powerful than Google Home or Amazon Echo. New MacBook and MacBook Pros Image: Gizmodo / Alex Cranz It looks all-but-certain that we'll be getting a new MacBook lineup at the conference. French website Consomac is reporting that it found a Russian-language regulatory filing in the Eurasian Economic Commission database that points to at least five new models running macOS Sierra launching soon. In addition to the filing, Bloomberg reports Apple will be releasing a new MacBook lineup to stave off competition from Microsoft's striking new Surface Laptop. The new MacBook Pro will get a bump to the latest seventh-generation Intel Core processors, giving it a significant hardware boost. One of the more remarkable rumours is that Apple could revive the 12-inch and 13-inch MacBook Airs by giving them a nice hardware bump, according to Bloomberg. Analysts aren't expecting any major design changes to either the MacBook or MacBook Pro, but say the new MacBook Air could have a new look. John Gruber reported in April that Apple is working hard on a "completely rethought" Mac Pro with a modular design. The new design is supposed to accommodate high-end CPUs and GPUs, and make it easier for people to update the computer with new components on a regular basis. The company is also working on pro displays to ship with the new desktops. Unfortunately, Gruber reports that the next-gen Mac Pros "will not ship this year", meaning they likely will not make an appearance at WWDC. A first look at iOS 11 Image: Gizmodo Don't get your hopes up for new iPhone models. They probably aren't coming until later this year. What you can expect at WWDC, though, is a big focus on Apple's new mobile operating system, iOS 11. We don't know much about the OS ahead of the show, but we're expecting a bunch of updates that focus on artificial intelligence. A sketchy rumour from Israeli publication the Verifier suggests that Siri will add contextual learning and better integration into Apple services like iMessage and iCloud. Other updates to the operating system, according to 9to5Mac, could include features like group FaceTime, meaning that you'll be able to video conference multiple people from your phone. There's also a rumour that iMessage will add multi-person calls, making it easier to have up to five people join a single call. The most dramatic changes will be specifically tailored to the iPad. 9to5Mac reports that things such as multi-user login are to be added to the operating system, while other blogs like MacRumors suggest Apple is working on expanded Apple Pencil support for the iPad Pro. Updates to macOS, WatchOS and tvOS Last year, Apple decided to drop the "X" from its desktop operating system's name, instead calling it simply macOS. As part of the update, Apple started integrating even more iOS features into the desktop with things such as Siri for Mac and Apple Pay for the web. This year, we're expecting to see the second iteration of macOS (10.13), but there aren't any hard details about what exactly. We should also see updates to other operating systems including WatchOS for the Apple Watch and tvOS for the Apple TV, according to the Telegraph. This essentially means that every operating system in the Apple ecosystem will receive a significant update, and that seems like a reasonable expectation considering the event is specifically tailored to get developers excited about building apps for Apple products. As always, we'll be covering the conference as news breaks, so be sure to check back here June 6 to June 10 for more info about the latest updates. Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 02 Jun 2017 8:15 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. The Climate Deniers Have Won Sidney Fussell 02 Jun 2017 6:00 AM At President Trumps' behest, the US is joining Syria and Nicaragua in abdicating from the Paris Agreement, a coalition of 147 nations to combat climate change by reducing carbon emissions. While Trump faced heavy international pressure to remain within the agreement, from the Pope during his trip to the Vatican, China's President Xi and European leaders during the G7 summit, the GOP overwhelmingly opposed Paris from the get-go. EPA head Scott Pruitt has long argued that the United States' emissions reduction goal under Paris weakened the US economy. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 The Climate Deniers Have Won 3 Physicists Just Spotted Gravitational Waves Again, So What's Next? Researchers Used Rideshare Service To Test A Stingray-Detecting Device  Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games BeBop's Smart Fabric VR Gloves: Rubbing Fake Stuff Has Never Felt Better Spidey Battles Scorpion In The First Footage From The New Spider-Man Cartoon Pirates Say Rime's DRM Slows Down The Game, But Denuvo Denies It Valve Announces $US100 Steam Direct Fee For Indie Games One Year Later, Did Nintendo Keep Their E3 2016 Promises? Confused About Changes To School Funding? Here's What You Need To Know How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle The Benefits And Risks Of Lucid Dreaming Take an inside look at the US offices of Facebook, Twitter, and 9 more high-profile employers 4 books that show how radically different the planet could look by the end of the century Trump reportedly signals he won't try to block James Comey's testimony Eerie never-before-seen photos from inside one of Chicago's abandoned malls © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:41pm Sat 3 June Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Huawei's P10 and P10 plus hope to help the Chinese heavyweight pass Apple and Samsung By Matthew Dunn 11:14 AM Saturday Jun 3, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Apple Inc Business Services China Gadgets Mobile Business Mobile Phones Opinion Huawei's P10 looks very similar to the iPhone 6S. Having already crushed Apple and Samsung in China, the world's third most popular smartphone manufacturer has its sights set on Down Under. With the highly impressive Mate 9 already leaving its mark, Huawei has again thrown its hat in the ring with its latest Android phones - the P10 and P10 Plus. DESIGN The P10 and P10 plus have 5.1-inch and 5.5-inch LCD displays, offering 1920x1080 and 2560x1440 pixels, respectively. Shifting away from the design of the Mate 9, Huawei's latest flagship looks very similar to Apple's 2014 iPhone 6S - great news for those who like the iPhone design but not iOS. The fingerprint scanner has been removed from the rear of the device and placed below the display, where it also doubles as a physical home button. While this is supposed to make the device easier to hold, I prefer the button the back as it offers more screen space and the option of pull down notifications. It has smooth, curved corners, minimal side bezels and is available in gold and blue and black. While it might look very similar to an iPhone, the P10 is different as it has chosen to keep the headphone jack and also the USB-C charging port. Huawei has also opted to keep full-metal body on the rear of the device unlike some of its competitors that use glass. CAMERA Continued below. Related Content Fran O'Sullivan: English must send Trump a message Trump ditches Paris - what it means for NZ Steve Braunias: The Secret Diary of covfefe Like its predecessor flagship smartphone, the Leica-branded dual camera set up is one of the best aspects of the device. Located flush at the top left of the device is the dual camera set up, which has a 12MP RGB sensor working alongside 20MP monochrome shooter. Both sensors capture images independently and them combine them into one photo - this is supposed enhance detail and contrast. One of the improvements with the camera is the f/1.8 aperture of the P10 Plus - f/2.2 on the P10 - which claims to bring brighter photos regardless of the shutter speed. Unfortunately, the camera still does have it's struggles under very poor lighting. The camera app is excellent and offers more experienced snappers to shoot in a "Pro" mode, where users can customise settings like shutter speed, white balance and ISO. Huawei's P10 and P10 Plus also offer a front-facing 8MP camera, which includes a Leica-branded portrait mode. Shooting in portrait will use new facial tracking software that detects more than 190 points on the human face to ensure the camera focuses for the best shot. Portrait mode also combines the fake bokeh effect and beauty mode seen on other devices from the Chinese manufacturer. Both devices also shoot 4K video. EVERYTHING ELSE Both models offer Huawei SuperCharge, which can take the battery from 0 to 25 per cent in 15 minutes or 0 to 88 per cent in an hour. Sadly the 3,200mAh of the P10 does not offer the greatest lifespan per charge, although it is also far from the worst on the market. If battery is a huge issue, you would be better to go for the Plus, which has an impressive 3,750mAh power pack. Unlike the iPhone, Samsung and Sony flagships, the P10 and P10 Plus are not water and dust resistant, which could be a deal breaker for those who find extra comfort in the setting. While the phone is durable, includes a clear protective case in the box - bound to please those wanting to showcase the colour of the device. In terms of functionality, both phones use Google's Android 7.0 Nougat OS customised gently with the Huawei Emotion 5.1 user interface. All in all, the P10 and P10 Plus showcase why Huawei has become a force to be reckoned with in the global smartphone market. While I will likely return to my S8 for daily use, I feel these devices would be the perfect fit for someone wanting a different alternative to the iPhone, without confusing them too much. The Huawei P10, P10 Plus cost AU$899 (NZ$935) and $1099 (NZ$1145) respectively. - news.com.au By Matthew Dunn Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate St John, firefighters hone rescue skills One dead, four badly hurt in pile-up - thankfully it was just a training exercise Hawke's Bay Today US doctor with links to Hawke's Bay killed in Colorado shooting A US doctor with links to Hawke's Bay was killed in a Colorado shooting last week. Bay of Plenty Times Government social housing plan welcomed More social housing for Tauranga and Papamoa Our Features' Top Stories Driven Mercedes-Benz E200 long-term test: Soul of discretion Part four of Driven's Mercedes-Benz E200 long-term test... Viva Cosy spots for a long lunch Our favourite places around town for a relaxing meal True Commercial Auckland Victoria St tower for sale A 10-level office and hospitality building is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 03 Jun 2017 19:04:11 Processing Time: 10ms
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global GPU/TPU 3D Storage Technology Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Search Recent Posts Trends in ERP Consulting and Implementation: What We can Expect in the Years Ahead 50 Ohm HD-BNC Cable Assemblies Offer High-Density Solutions Focusky Free Slideshow Presentation Tool –Create Presentations on Any Topic Financial Planner, Troy West, Featured on Fox News as Guest on Capitol Connection Authority Marketing Agent™, Mike Driggers, Featured on CBS Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Next PostNext Air Cargo Security & Screening Systems 2017 Global Trends, Market Share, Growth, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts The Live Love Memphis Group is the Official Real Estate Team for the Memphis Grizzlies Eight Dragons and Press Media Group Announce Joint Venture in Content Specific Media Streaming Eight Dragons and Press Media Group Announce Joint Venture in Content Specific Media Streaming State awards grants to reduce air pollution from mobile sources Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation Declares Preferred Stock Dividends Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About WWDC 2017 preview: Everything Apple is expected to announce on Monday Mobile Image Source: Moe Slah Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display Yoni Heisler @edibleapple June 2nd, 2017 at 7:12 PM Share Tweet All eyes will be laser focused on Apple’s WWDC announcements next week, but that’s not to say that the influx of iPhone 8 rumors will ground to a halt. On the contrary, the frequency of iPhone 8 leaks has only increased over the last few days alone. What’s more, we’re now starting to get a firmer grasp on the precise dimensions of Apple’s next-gen iPhone. Don't Miss: Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 Earlier today, prolific leaker Benjamin Geskin published a new schematic which sheds some more light on the exact dimensions of the iPhone 8’s display. As previously rumored, the iPhone 8 design will feature an edgeless OLED display with the Touch ID sensor embedded into the display itself. While some leaked schematics have pointed to an iPhone 8 with a Touch ID sensor embedded on the back, it’s now widely believed that those schematics were early iPhone prototypes that Apple has since abandoned. #iPhone8 Display Size (5.66-inch with rounded corners, full 5.8 approximately) pic.twitter.com/osFzoKtuty — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) June 2, 2017 The drawing above appears to align closely with similar iPhone 8 rumors we’ve seen over the past few days and should be a close approximation to the device Apple will actually ship later this year. Indeed, a number of other credible sources have also relayed that the iPhone 8 will feature a display in the 5.8-inch range. This coalesces with other reports claiming that the iPhone 8 will feature a display similar in size to the iPhone 7 Plus, albeit in a form factor similar to the iPhone 7. Though there has been speculation that the iPhone 8 will be the exact same size as the iPhone 7, more recent reports suggest that the iPhone 8 design will be just a tad larger, in terms of height, width, and thickness. The following photo purport to show what this size difference will look like, with the iPhone 8 being positioned in the middle. And in case you missed it yesterday, the following photo provides us with a clearer understanding of what the iPhone 8 design will look like when measured up against a slew of other top tier smartphones, including the Galaxy S8 and the Google Pixel. Image Source: OnLeaks For even more context, the following render gives us an even better idea as to what the final iPhone 8 design is going to look like, though it’s extremely unlikely that the two flaps below — to the left and right of the camera — will be used as illustrated below. Image Source: iDrop News/Benjamin Geskin Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display 2 Tech The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought 3 Entertainment AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers 4 Tech The OnePlus 5’s signature feature might have just been confirmed 5 Tech Verizon introduces cheaper prepaid plans with higher data caps Picked For You Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display By Yoni Heisler 8 hours ago Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith 2 days ago The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought By Chris Smith 13 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 03, 2:23 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iOS 11 Release Date Features: What To Expect From Apple's Upcoming OS Update For iPhones By Denisse Moreno On 06/02/17 AT 8:00 PM Close Apple is expected to release iOS 11 this fall alongside the iPhone 8; however, the company could give the world a preview of features that could be included in the update during the Worldwide Developers Conference next week. The update for iPhones and iPads could come with features for Siri and Apple Music. Read: Siri Speaker To Be Unveiled At WWDC, Apple Already Manufacturing Device Overseas — Report Here’s a roundup of expected iOS 11 features and other rumors: Siri For iOS 11, Apple is rumored to be revamping Siri with contextual learning abilities and deep integration with iMessage and iCloud, Israeli site the Verifier reported in March. The virtual assistant is expected to get an improved level of artificial intelligence. Siri reportedly will be able to follow through with voice commands, have the ability to learn a user’s habits and offer action options based on context of content, somewhat resembling Samsung’s voice assistant Bixby. Siri also will be more productive in iMessage by giving users restaurant recommendations and allowing people to make reservations or book an Uber within the app. For iCloud, Siri is expected to identify connections among multiple devices under an Apple ID account. iOS 11’s Siri boost will help Apple compete with other artificial intelligence technology, including Amazon’s Alexa and Google Assistant. It was reported this year that Apple has 1,000 engineers working on augmented reality in Israel. Another report also backed the claim that Apple would revamp Siri this year. Apple Music iOS 11 reportedly will come with an improved Music app to propel Apple’s original video content above other streaming services. The company has already been pushing original content on Apple Music. Apple recently released its exclusive documentary on former One Direction singer Harry Styles on Apple Music, and last week it released the trailer for the upcoming documentary about Bad Boy Records, the label founded by Sean Combs. The movie, called "Can't Stop, Won't Stop: A Bad Boy Story," is set to be released June 25 on Apple Music. The company also announced its first show, “Carpool Karaoke: The Series,” will release in August. Read: iPhone 8 Rumors: Alleged Images Of Apple Smartphone Show Touch ID On Back Of Device, Matte Black Model Apple is expected to release as many as 10 original shows and documentaries by the end of this year, including will.i.am’s "Planet of the Apps" and documentaries about hip-hop label Cash Money Records and music impresario Clive Davis. The new Music app on iOS 11 reportedly will work to direct users to original content. FaceTime iOS 11 also will revamp FaceTime by allowing group calls, the Verifier said in January. The FaceTime boost will help Apple against competitors like Skype and Facebook Messenger. iOS 11 To Disrupt Apps? Although iOS 11 could bring new features that would improve iPhones and iPads, another report said the update might terminate support for 32-bit apps, which could make those apps and older games unable to run. You can watch WWDC’s keynote address on June 5 to see if Apple releases information on the upcoming update. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories iPhone 8 Might Be Bigger Than iPhone 7 Rumors, Features: Apple Is Already Manufacturing Its Rumored Siri Speaker Recommended Business Oil Prices, Production And 5 More Things To Know About OPEC From its humble beginnings to its global clout, these are things everyone should know about this market-moving cartel. Technology How Wearing Shoes Indoors Can Make You Sick Wearing shoes indoors is fairly common, but it turns out you’re trekking more than just dirt onto the carpet. World Cancer Found In Teen’s Bones At Witch Hill A teen buried in a trash pile at an abandoned human settlement called Witch Hill had bone cancer, and archaeologists don’t know why the child was put there. National Trump Administration Returns CIA Torture Report The returned copies are of a 2014 report which focused on the harsh interrogation techniques used by CIA during the time of President George W. Bush. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Apple’s Siri is expected to remain limited to a small set of tasks Reuters June 2, 2017 4:55 PM Above: The Apple logo on the side of the company's new retail store in downtown San Francisco, Calif. on May 21, 2016. Image Credit: Ken Yeung / VentureBeat (Reuters) – Apple is expected to announce plans next week to make its Siri voice assistant work with a larger variety of apps, as the technology company looks to counter the runaway success of Amazon’s competing Alexa service. But the Cupertino, California company is likely to stick to its tested method of focusing on a small amount of features and trying to perfect them, rather than casting as wide a net as possible, according to engineers and artificial intelligence industry insiders. Currently, Apple’s Siri works with only six types of app: ride-hailing and sharing; messaging and calling; photo search; payments; fitness; and auto infotainment systems. At the company’s annual developer conference next week, it is expected to add to those categories. Some industry-watchers have also predicted Apple will announce hardware similar to Amazon’s Echo device for the home, which has been a hot-seller recently. Apple declined comment. But even if Siri doubles its areas of expertise, it will be a far cry from the 12,000 or so tasks that Amazon.com’s Alexa can handle. The difference illustrates a strategic divide between the two tech rivals. Apple is betting that customers will not use voice commands without an experience similar to speaking with a human, and so it is limiting what Siri can do in order to make sure it works well. Amazon puts no such restrictions on Alexa, wagering that the voice assistant with the most “skills,” its term for apps on its Echo assistant devices, will gain a loyal following, even if it sometimes makes mistakes and takes more effort to use. The clash of approaches is coming to a head as virtual assistants that respond to voice commands become a priority for the leading tech companies, which want to find new ways of engaging customers and make more money from shopping and online services. Path to the money Now, an iPhone user can say, “Hey Siri, I’d like a ride to the airport” or “Hey Siri, order me a car,” and Siri will open the Uber or Lyft ride service app and start booking a trip. Apart from some basic home and music functions, Alexa needs more specific directions, using a limited set of commands such as “ask” or “tell.” For example, “Alexa, ask Uber for a ride,” will start the process of summoning a car, but “Alexa, order me an Uber” will not, because Alexa does not make the connection that it should open the Uber “skill.” After some setup, Alexa can order a pizza from Domino’s, while Siri cannot get a pie because food delivery is not – so far – one of the categories of apps that Apple has opened up to Siri. “In typical Apple fashion, they’ve allowed for only a few use cases, but they do them very well,” said Charles Jolley, chief executive of Ozlo, maker of an intelligent assistant app. Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said the company does not comment on its plans for developers. Amazon said in a statement: “Our goal is to make speaking with Alexa as natural and easy as possible, so we’re looking at ways to improve this over time.” Side dish, not entree Apple’s narrower focus could become a problem, said Matt McIlwain, a venture capitalist with Seattle-based Madrona Venture Group. The potential of Apple’s original iPhone did not come to light until thousands of developers started building apps. McIlwain said he expects Apple to add new categories at its Worldwide Developers Conference next week, but not nearly enough to match Alexa’s number of skills. “To attract developers in the modern world, you need a platform,” McIlwain said. “If Apple does not launch a ‘skills store,’ that would be a mistake.” Neither Siri nor Alexa has a clear path to making money. Siri works as an additional tool for controlling traditional apps, and Apple pays money to owners of those apps. Alexa’s skills are free, and developers are not paid. At the moment, because of their limits, voice apps are “a side dish, not the entree,” according to Oren Etzioni, CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. Amazon was wise to not commit to an economic model at such an early state, Etzioni said. “Once a successful economic model for developers emerges, people are going to gravitate to it.” (Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Peter Henderson and Bill Rigby) VB Recommendations Sega is adding VR to its flagship arcade in Japan Apple’s Siri is expected to remain limited to a small set of tasks Pixar veteran creates A.I. tool for automating 2D animations
null
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Smartphones Review HTC U11 Review: The Best Phone HTC Has Made in Years by Sam Rutherford Jun 2, 2017, 4:08 PM HTC U11 in Best Phones of 2017 Editor's choice The good Class-leading performance Bright, 5.5-inch QHD display Fantastic BoomSound speakers Gorgeous design with IP67 water resistance The bad Average battery life No headphone jack A bit bulky Verdict With top-notch performance, a stunningly good rear camera and a unique, eye-catching design, the U11 is the best phone HTC has made in years. 8/10 Totally worth it $649.00 Amazon I thought the HTC U Ultra, released earlier this spring, was an alluring phone in need of a bit more polishing. It seems HTC agreed, because its new flagship, the HTC U11, is here and it's better in almost every way. Priced at $649, the HTC U11 features a big, bright, 5.5-inch screen; markedly faster performance; and a camera that rivals the best from Samsung and Apple, all while sporting a gorgeous, gem-like design. But the highlights don't stop there, because the U11 packs a total of four microphones, two voice assistants (with a third on the way) and built-in pressure sensors that let you open apps by squeezing the sides of the phone. After HTC produced a string of middling devices, the U11 is exactly what the company needed to remind people that it's still alive.  Availability In stores, the U11 is exclusive to Sprint. However, if you buy online, you can get this phone unlocked. There are carrier-specific versions of the U11 for all the big providers on Amazon or directly from HTC.com. Design: A symphony in glass There's no shortage of glass-backed phones nowadays, but I defy you to you find one (aside from the U Ultra) that looks like the U11. For the U11's back, HTC started with a single flat sheet of Gorilla Glass 3 and squashed it into progressively curvier molds to form a smooth, rounded back that looks more like sci-fi jewel scarab than a piece of consumer tech.  Below the display, you get a combo fingerprint sensor that also doubles as a capacitive-touch home button, along with two more touch buttons on either side, for Back and Recent Apps. The lock button on the right side sports a jagged texture, so you can recognize it by feel, while the smooth volume rocker sits above that. The U11's top edge features a removable SIM tray with space for a microSD card when you want to add some additional capacity to the U11's built-in 64GB of storage. Some folks may take issue with the U11's sizable bezels on top and bottom now that we live in an age of super-skinny smartphone designs. But for me, the bigger issue is that the bezels on top and bottom are different widths. Had they been the same, the phone would look a little more balanced and a bit less bulky, though with its 5.5-inch display and 16:9 aspect ratio, the U11 was never going to be a truly compact device.  Measuring 6.06 x 2.99 x 0.31-inches and weighing 5.96 ounces, the HTC U11 is practically the same size as the Google Pixel XL (6.09 x 2.98 x 0.33 inches and 5.93 ounces). However, compare the U11 to the Galaxy S8 (5.86 x 2.68 x 0.31 inches and 5.47 ounces), and Samsung's flagship feels significantly smaller and sleeker. That's despite the S8 having a total screen area that's actually slightly larger, thanks to its 18.5:9 aspect-ratio display. A simple squeeze of the U11's sides can open an app or even take a picture. Like any good flagship smartphone in 2017, the U11 boasts IP67 water resistance, so you won't have to worry about any spills or dips in the sink trashing your device.  Edge Sense: Do we really need a squeezable phone? Moto has its Moto Actions gesture commands, and Huawei has its Knuckle Sense shortcuts. But with Edge Sense, HTC might have the weirdest motion controls of them all. You don't make movements with your hands or draw letters on the screen; instead, the U11 features pressure sensors built into the sides of the phone, so a simple squeeze can open an app or even take a picture. By default, Edge Sense is set to open the camera when you squeeze the phone, but you can reprogram the feature to open pretty much any app on the device or toggle functions like the flashlight or Wi-Fi. Depending on what you choose, Edge Sense even has a bit of contextual smarts, letting you perform different tasks with the same simple action. For instance, you can open the camera on the first squeeze and then snap a pic on the second. Edge Sense's advanced settings will also let you add a second function for when you squeeze and hold the phone. The 5.5-inch QHD display delivers on the three most important qualities of a good screen: brightness, color and accuracy. The best use of Edge Sense is probably for taking a selfie, since your hands will likely be in the correct position to give the phone a little hand hug. However, I've found that even when Edge Sense's was set to its most sensitive pressure setting, trying to squeeze the phone while posing for a shot caused the device to shake more than if I had just tapped on the screen. In fact, the action of squeezing the U11 makes holding the phone that much trickier. While it didn't happen to me, because I went out of my way to be super careful, I wouldn't be surprised to hear about people dropping the U11 while trying to squeeze it.  MORE: Best Smartphones on the Market Now Display: Big and bright The 5.5-inch QHD display on the HTC U11 keeps things simple and delivers on the three most important qualities of a good screen: brightness, color and accuracy. You don't get pure blacks like you would on a phone with an OLED display (such as the Pixel or Galaxy S8), but the U11 still offers pretty solid contrast. Initially, the U11 had a somewhat cool color casting that accentuated blues and downplayed warmer tones, but a quick trip to the phone's color-temperature setting makes it easy to adjust the screen however you want. In practically no time, I had the crimson and neon green blaster bolts shooting out from the X-wings and TIE fighters in The Last Jedi trailer looking exactly how I wanted. That's a nice bit of customizability that not every phone offers.  With the adaptive brightness on, we got the HTC U11 to hit a peak output of 512 nits. That puts it a fair bit ahead the Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel XL, which hit 437 nits and 396 nits, respectively. With its stereo BoomSound speakers and noise-cancelling headphones, the HTC U11 offers the best overall listening experience of any phone on the market. The U11 also earned some of the highest marks for color accuracy we've seen in recent history, as it notched a Delta-E rating of 0.34 (numbers closer to zero are better). The S8 was equally as good, with a rating of 0.36, while the Pixel was pretty far off, at 5.88.  As for color range, the U11's LCD display didn't fare quite as well as some of its AMOLED-equipped competition. Still, with a gamut that covered 166 percent of the sRGB spectrum, the U11 wasn't that far off the respective 183 percent and 191 percent tallies of the Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel XL. Audio: Punchy stereo speakers, but no headphone jack With its stereo BoomSound speakers and included noise-cancelling headphones, the HTC U11 offers the best overall listening experience of any phone on the market. But there's one big downer: Like other recent HTC phones, the U11 lacks a headphone jack.  The U11's BoomSound setup uses the bottom-firing speaker in tandem with the earpiece to put out a truly impressive amount of sound. The feature makes phones with single-speaker setups, like the Galaxy S8, sound embarrassingly bad, and when you put the U11 up against phones, like the iPhone 7, with similar two-speaker arrangements, the U11 stills wins on both volume and sound quality. MORE: Best Cheap Unlocked Smartphones When you want to listen to things a bit more privately, HTC includes a pair of special USB-C earbuds that automatically create a personalized audio profile specifically tuned for your ears. On top of that, HTC uses the tiny mics built into the earbuds to provide true noise cancellation, which should be a big boon to anyone listening to music on a plane or train. I also appreciate how HTC includes three different size tips for its earbuds to help ensure a better fit.  The U11's 12-megapixel rear camera produced stunning shots, putting HTC on an equal footing with camera phones from Apple, Google and Samsung. But there's a downside: Even though HTC has thoughtfully included a dongle so you can still use your old-school headphones, the adaptive audio and noise-cancelling tech needs both the USB-C audio processing and HTC's custom earbuds to function. In other words, those special features won't work on third-party headphones. Cameras: New heights for HTC It seems like HTC has been promising big things from its Ultrapixel cameras forever, and on the U11, the company has really delivered. The U11's 12-megapixel rear camera produced stunning shots, putting HTC on an equal footing with phone cameras from Apple, Google and Samsung. I especially liked some of the low-light shots I got, which looked noticeably brighter and less grainy compared to images from the S8.  During the daytime, the U11 also wowed, offering a more restrained counterpoint to the super-rich and saturated shots captured by the Galaxy S8. On the front, though, the U11's 16-MP selfie cam was less compelling than I hoped. The Flower Shot A picture of a flower can tell you a lot of things about a camera, and while neither the Galaxy S8 nor the U11 nailed it 100 percent, HTC's phone still impressed. This comparison exposes the S8's tendency to oversaturate colors, which resulted in unnaturally vivid magenta petals instead of the softer pink tones you see from the U11. The S8's picture is just a tad sharper, though a few areas could be called oversharp. The Food Shot In the contest to see which phone shoots a better burger, the U11 came out on top. It's close, but the U11's pic looks warmer; features more-accurate colors; offers better details in the bun, bacon and onion rings; and simply made the sandwich look more delicious. In fact, when I asked my co-workers to pick which phone's photo they prefered, every single person chose the U11's pic. The Outdoors Shot In the last of the daylight comparisons, the S8 hit back hard with a shot that beat the U11's pic in almost every aspect: color, sharpness, detail, you name it. The S8's pic even did a better job of preserving the baby blue sky in the background. The Low-Light Close-Up Shot At night, when I took a minute to snap my growing family of plushies, the U11 showed some serious low-light skills, producing a better-exposed, less grainy picture than the Galaxy S8 did. Meanwhile, the S8's shot looked overly yellow, and without the S8's pic as a comparison, you might not even know this was a low-light shot at all. MORE: Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Camera Shootout: Samsung Has the Edge The Outdoors Low-Light Shot In even less light, the U11 once again wowed, with a nighttime shot that's noticeably brighter and less noisy than the S8's photo. In the S8's image, you lose a lot of detail in the darker sections in the foreground, and the overly yellow white balance give the plants a sickly, unpleasant appearance.   In general, I found that the U11 outperforms the S8 is many low-light scenarios, though results can vary. When I walked just a bit farther and took a shot of a nearby pool, the S8's shot was clearly superior, as the U11's photo showed worse exposure and white balance. Selfies With a 16-MP front cam that captures double the resolution of the Galaxy S8, you might expect the U11 to come out firmly ahead. However, that wasn't the case. Quite often, the S8's front camera produced sharper, more-detailed photos than the U11 did. Yes, the background in the U11's pic is better-exposed, but if you look at things like my hair or shirt, it's clear how much better the S8's pic is. Performance: As fast as it gets When you combine Qualcomm's powerful Snapdragon 835 processor with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage, you get some of the best performance on a smartphone available right now. On Geekbench 4, which measures overall system performance, the U11 posted a score of 6,493; that's slightly higher than what we got from the Samsung Galaxy S8 (6,124). Meanwhile, Google's Pixel XL and its Snapdragon 821 processor performed 35 percent worse, with a score of 4,146.  It was the same story for web performance, where the U11 scored 70.52 on the JetStream 1.1 JavaScript test. The Galaxy S8 was only slightly behind, with a score of 67.5, while the Google Pixel XL was pretty far back, with a score of 55.93. MORE: Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7: Which Phone Is Really the Fastest? The U11's graphics performance was also quite impressive. On 3DMark's IceStorm Unlimited test, the U11 hit 40,946, versus 35,903 for the Galaxy S8, and just 28,182 for the Pixel XL.  Software: Two digital assistants with one more on the way HTC has maintained a pretty light touch on Android 7.1, so that its Sense UI will look instantly familiar to anyone with even the slightest knowledge of Google's mobile OS. Some small differences include the BlinkFeed news app that appears when you swipe right from the home screen; that's normally where Google Now cards live. The HTC U11 also features a more traditional icon for the app drawer instead of the minimalist app launcher you'd get on a Pixel. The one big addition HTC tacks on is its Sense Companion, which is another digital assistant that works alongside the built-in Google Assistant. The two assistants have a lot of overlapping features, including the ability to set reminders or notify you when you're near a place of interest, but Google's assistant still has the clear lead in search and answering questions.  The Sense Companion is actually more like a digital secretary, as it may remind you to recharge your phone in the afternoon so you won't run low while attending meetings at night. Or it may tell you that you need to step up your activity, after noticing a lower-than-normal step count earlier in the day. In practice, I found that just letting the Sense Companion do its thing was a helpful but not essential tool for better personal and device management. But when I had a question I needed answering, Google is still the one I asked for by name.  Coming sometime this summer (think early July), Alexa will also make an appearance on the U11. Unlike with half-baked attempts to incorporate Amazon's voice assistant into other phones, which require you to physically open an app before voicing your request, using Alexa on the U11 should be exactly the same as talking to an Amazon Echo or Dot. However, since Alexa wasn't available on our review unit, we're not sure how the assistant will perform. Battery Life: Pretty good but not great The U11 has more than enough battery life to last a full workday. However, as battery life on smartphones continues to improve across the board, the U11's longevity doesn't really stand out.  On the Tom's Guide Battery Test (continuous web surfing using Sprint 4G LTE), the U11 lasted 9 hours and 38 minutes. That's just marginally better than the 9:32 smartphone average and an hour to an hour-and-a-half less than the times for competing flagships, such as the Galaxy S8 (10:39) and the Google Pixel XL (11:11). MORE: Smartphones with the Longest Battery Life When it comes time to recharge the phone, the U11 features Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0, which can recharge the phone to over 50 percent in 30 minutes. Strangely though, the U11 doesn't have support for Quick Charge 4.0, even though all Snapdragon 835 devices should have support for Qualcomm's newer charging standard. Unfortunately, for those who don't want to deal with wires, the U11, does not support wireless charging.  Bottom Line HTC can keep its Sense Companion and its squeezable Edge Sense controls. Those features work as advertised, but I don't need 'em. The things that really makes the U11 stand out are its unique jewel-like design, thumping BoomSound speakers, superb performance and a rear camera that can keep pace with the best from Apple, Google and Samsung. However, even though the Galaxy S8 costs $100 more, I still have to give a slight edge to that phone, due to its more one-hand-friendly design, better display and longer battery life. The S8's headphone jack is nice, too. Still, it's a close call, made even closer by features like the U11's noise-cancelling earbuds and forthcoming Alexa integration, which could both convince you to side with the U11. And if they did, you'd be making a solid choice, because the U11 is the best phone HTC has made in the last five years. Photo credit: Shaun Lucas/Tom's Guide. Comparisons: Sam Rutherford/Tom's Guide. 8/10 Quick Take The U11 is the best phone HTC's offered in years, and the device's camera matches up nicely with that of the more expensive Galaxy S8. Still, Samsung's phone lasts longer on a charge and offers both a better design and display. $649.00 Amazon About the author Sam Rutherford @samrutherford Sam Rutherford is a senior product reviews analyst at Tom's Guide who covers smartphones, car tech and cameras. When he's not immersed in tech, he likes to debate economics, the merits of Dota 2 vs LoL, and the impending AI apocalypse. Follow him on Twitter @SamRutherford. Read more Smartphones HTC Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Android Smartphones forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Latest in Smartphones Reference What Is Xfinity Mobile, and Is It Worth It? Deals T-Mobile and Verizon Offering Deals on iPhone 7, Galaxy S8 by Don Reisinger Jun 2, 2017, 11:20 AM News Here's Which Android Phones Get Regular Security Updates by Paul Wagenseil Jun 2, 2017, 8:38 AM News Galaxy S8's Bixby Finally Gets Voice-Activated Payments by Don Reisinger Jun 2, 2017, 7:42 AM News iPhone 8 Rumors: What to Expect from the 10th Anniversary iPhone by Don Reisinger Jun 1, 2017, 5:03 PM Opinion Here's How the OnePlus 5 Can Beat Its Android Rivals by Derek Walter Jun 1, 2017, 4:36 PM Round-Up 13 Best Comic Book Readers for Mobile Devices by John Corpuz Jun 1, 2017, 3:08 PM The Latest On Tom’s Guide Best Picks 6 hr Best Phones of 2017 News 6 hr Apple WWDC 2017 Preview: iOS 11, a Siri Speaker and Mor... Round-Up 7 hr The 10 Best T-Mobile Phones, Ranked Top to Bottom Review 7 hr HTC U11 Review: The Best Phone HTC Has Made in Years Best Picks 10 hr Best GPS Trackers for Kids 2017 Reference 10 hr What Is Plex Live TV? What Cord-Cutters Need to Know How-To 11 hr How to Take Great Pictures with the Canon EOS Rebel T7i How-To 11 hr How to Use Todoist with Alexa Reference 11 hr What Is Xfinity Mobile, and Is It Worth It? How-To 11 hr How To Create and Share a Shopping List on Google Home Deals 12 hr T-Mobile and Verizon Offering Deals on iPhone 7, Galaxy... News 13 hr Laptops in Freezers and Speculation Threads: A Communit... Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/broadcom-surges-9-street-dazzled-by-iphone-8-prospects-1496442546 Tech Trader Daily Broadcom Surges 9%: Street Dazzled by ‘iPhone 8′ Prospects Broadcom shares jumped 9% on Friday after the company beat quarterly expectations and forecast the current quarter higher as well. Analysts were especially intrigued by what Broadcom is suggesting is a big jump up in the amount of revenue it will get from Apple's next iPhone. And Broadcom calmed concerns that it is looking to spend billions buying the NAND chip division of Toshiba. By Tiernan Ray June 2, 2017 6:28 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Shares of chip giant Broadcom (AVGO) closed up $19.94, or almost 9%, at $254.53, after the company yesterday afternoon beat analysts’ fiscal Q2 expectations, and forecast this quarter’s revenue higher as well. There are no ratings changes today, that I can see, but price targets and estimates are zooming higher. Among the highlights of the conference call last night was chief executive Hock Tan appearing to dispel rumors that his company was interested in bidding on the NAND flash memory-chip operations of Toshiba (6502JP). Speculation that Broadcom wanted to buy the unit was apparently one cause of friction between Toshiba and its memory-chip partner, Western Digital (WDC). When one analyst asked about the rumors, Tan said “Bottom line, do’t believe everything you read out there, please." The company’s dominant position in chips for both Samsung Electronics’s (005930KS) “Galaxy S8” and Apple’s (AAPL) presumed forthcoming "iPhone 8,” is very pleasing to the Street. John Vinh of Pacific Crest reiterates an Overweight rating, and raises his price target to $280 from $260. He notes that Broadcom is corroborating rumors of a delay in Apple’s iPhone 8, but that it’s okay because the company is poised ultimately to sell more chips into this model: Broadcom expects a below-seasonal ramp of the iPhone 8 (10% vs. 3-year seasonal average of 12.7% q/q), but anticipates better-than-seasonal growth in F4Q. This is consistent with other Apple suppliers and our concerns associated with an OLED iPhone delay. Additionally, content is expected to increase 40% driven by 8 chips in the phone. Broadcom also addressed concerns regarding competition from Qorvo in BAW filters. The Company is confident in its competitive position and expects continuous investment will lengthen its leadership in BAW filters. Canaccord Genuity’s Mike Walkley reiterates a Buy rating, and hikes his target to $272 from $250, writing that the Q2 results showed better-than-expected results for the wireless business thanks to “content gains” in Samsung’s S8. There’s more cost-chopping, less M&A ahead, he writes: "Following the completion of the Brocade acquisition likely to close by July 31, we anticipate a continued focus on improving margins and cash flows and less of a focus on new M&A." Walkley raised his estimates for this fiscal year to $17.57 billion in revenue and $15.69 in EPS, up from $16.73 billion and $14.52 per share. Mizuho’s Vijay Rakesh reiterates a Buy rating, and raises his target to $275 from $265, also clearly preoccupied with the iPhone 8 prospects. "AVGO noted a 40% y/y content increase as it ships 8 separate components to (we believe) the new iPhone, driving a significantly accelerating wireless segment into OctQ,” he writes. But it’s not just iPhone. He also notes that networking is chugging along, with "continued ramp on Cisco and hyperscale with Arista and others on 9000 Series and Hyperflex solutions positions AVGO well." Rakesh raises his 2017 estimates to $17.58 billion in revenue and $15.76 in EPS from a prior $17 billion and $14.69 per share. Text Size Regular Medium Large chips earnings iPhone M&A mobile semiconductor smartphone wireless Global Tiernan Ray tiernan.ray@barrons.com • @barronstechblog PREVIOUS Nutanix Chief Pandey: You've Got to Evolve NEXT Arista 'Clears the Decks' in Cisco Patent Fight, Cheers Needham Most Popular Arista ‘Clears the Decks’ in Cisco Patent Fight, Cheers Needham 4 Emerging Market ETF Winners: India, Greece & Turkey Top List Unscrubbed, Unloved: Dow Hits New High as Growth Concerns Grow Einhorn Compares GM to Apple and Explains Why He’s Short Tesla Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish New Galaxy S8 And LG G6 Variants Reportedly Inspired By iPhone 8 By Tyler Lee on 06/02/2017 16:02 PDT It is not a secret that Apple’s iPhone has influenced a lot of smartphone makers when it comes to introducing features and design, and we guess the opposite can also be said where Apple does “copy” design and features found on other devices and software. However could Apple’s influence be so great to prompt smartphone makers to launch new variants? According to a report out of Korea via The Investor, it seems that both Samsung and LG are apparently working on variants of their current flagship handsets. With Samsung, the company is rumored to launch new color variants for its Galaxy S8 lineup, one of which is apparently “Rose Gold”. As for LG, apparently the company is planning on launching new LG G6 versions with different storage capacities in 32GB and 128GB options. Now it could be coincidental since introducing new color options and storage options aren’t exactly out of place for either company, although it is possible that the new color/storage options could be a way for these companies to keep their devices relevant and maybe attract new customers in the face of the iPhone 8. Analysts are predicting that Apple will be experiencing a super cycle in terms of sales with the iPhone 8 and that it could beat out the iPhone 6’s sales. So far sales of Apple’s iPhones have been on the decline but many believe that the iPhone 8 could turn things around. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Galaxy S8, iPhone, LG G6 and Samsung. Key Specs LG G6 Galaxy S8 Announced On 2017/02/01 2017/03/29 Display Diagonal 5.7" (14.48 cm) 5.8" (14.73 cm) Processor/Soc Name Snapdragon 821 Snapdragon 835 Street Price (Approx) ~ $650 Search low LG G6 price (Amazon) ~ $750 Search low Galaxy S8 price (Amazon) Max. Total Storage Capacity 320 GB 320 GB Megapixels 13 Megapixel 12 Megapixel Battery Capacity (mAh) 3300 mAh 3000 mAh Complete product data LG G6 Full specs and details Samsung Galaxy S8 Full specs and details Related Articles 2017-05-27 TSMC Reportedly Confirms iPhone Embedded Fingerprint Sensor 2017-05-25 Qualcomm Wants Court To Order Apple Suppliers To Pay Them Royalties 2017-05-25 Alleged iPhone 8 Compared Against iPhone 7, 7 Plus 2017-05-25 The Only App On President Trump's iPhone Won't Surprise You 2017-04-06 Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test 2017-04-07 Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. LG G6: In-Depth Comparison 2017-03-13 Samsung Airs Galaxy S8 Ad In Korea Possibly In Response To LG G6 2017-02-23 Galaxy S8 And LG G6 Release Dates Rumored Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Star Wars: Commander being removed for Windows devices to focus resources elsewhere 55 minutes ago KISS partners with Google to produce limited edition Pixel and Nexus cases 2 hours ago Leaked OnePlus 5 retail packaging confirms dual camera 2 hours ago HMD Global commits to Android O on its Nokia handsets 3 hours ago View all recent news Star Wars: Commander being removed for Windows devices to focus resources elsewhere 54 minutes ago US tech firms pledge to meet Paris climate targets 5 hours ago OneNote for Windows 10 updated in the Fast ring with new UI and more 10 hours ago You'll be able to 'Ask Microsoft Anything' about Windows 10 security on June 21 15 hours ago View all Microsoft news KISS partners with Google to produce limited edition Pixel and Nexus cases 2 hours ago US tech firms pledge to meet Paris climate targets 5 hours ago Google reportedly facing a 'hefty fine' from EU antitrust regulators over shopping searches 17 hours ago Google launches new Gmail security measures to fight spam and phishing Jun 1, 2017 View all Google news US tech firms pledge to meet Paris climate targets 5 hours ago Images said to be of new iPhone show off large display, and rear Touch ID sensor 9 hours ago Apple has paid out $70 billion to app developers since 2008 launch Jun 2, 2017 Windows 10 market share continues to increase as XP falls below 7% for the first time Jun 1, 2017 View all Apple news FileZilla 3.26.1 [Update] 8 hours ago RoboForm 8.3.5 8 hours ago MediaInfo 0.7.96 8 hours ago qBittorrent 3.3.13 Jun 1, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today Jun 2, 2017 Microsoft accidentally releases Windows 10 Mobile build 16212 to Insiders [Update] Jun 1, 2017 Windows 7 user base on Steam continues to rise as Windows 10 falls to 50.01% Jun 2, 2017 OneNote for Windows 10 updated in the Fast ring with new UI and more 10 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get Pagico 8.7 for just $19.99 - 60% off via Neowin Deals 18 hours ago Get this Complete Python Programming Bundle at 93% off via Neowin Deals - now just $79 Jun 1, 2017 Get this Unity System Samsung S8 Mount & Case Bundle for just $21.99 May 31, 2017 Get the Cisco CCNA Training Suite for just $39 via Neowin Deals May 30, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple has paid out $70 billion to app developers since 2008 launch By Paul Hill Neowin LLC @_paulh93 · Jun 2, 2017 with 7 comments Apple has announced that it has paid out a whopping $70 billion USD to its global developer community since the App Store launched in 2008. Apple also stated that in the past 12 months, downloads have grown over 70 percent. Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers. Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Upon hearing that Apple has paid out $70 billion, our minds may initially turn to the initial costs of an app. One important source that contributed to the total figure was app subscriptions. Subscriptions are available to developers making apps for all 25 available categories. Apple reports that the active paid subscriptions are up 58 percent year over year. Apple said that apps in the Gaming and Entertainment categories bring in the most revenue, with hit games helping with the revenue figure. Most games are free to download but then make money from in-game perks which help the player progress through the game. Source: Apple Tags Apple Ios Iphone Ipad Developers Wwdc Apps Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Qualcomm's Quick Charge 4.0+ is safer and more efficient than its predecessors Next Story FTC says refunds now available from Amazon for unauthorised in-app purchases Community Activity Refresh F9: Dragon CRS-11 - ISS resupply (mission thread) in Science Discussion & News Need for Speed Payback unveiled with explosive new trailer in Front Page News How To Add Any Plugin In Wordpress in Web Design & Programming Logitech MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S mice announced in Front Page News Valve decides on Steam Direct fee and it's good news for indie devs in Front Page News Windows 7 user base on Steam continues to rise as Windows 10 falls to 50.01% in Front Page News Images said to be of new iPhone show off large display, and rear Touch ID sensor in Front Page News Star Wars: Commander being removed for Windows devices to focus resources elsewhere in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Microsoft explains why it unintentionally released Windows 10 build 16212 today Jun 2, 2017 with 20 comments Microsoft accidentally releases Windows 10 Mobile build 16212 to Insiders [Update] Jun 1, 2017 with 27 comments Windows 7 user base on Steam continues to rise as Windows 10 falls to 50.01% Jun 2, 2017 with 85 comments OneNote for Windows 10 updated in the Fast ring with new UI and more 10 hours ago with 2 comments Related Stories Five months after its release, iOS 10 is now on 79% of active iOS devices Feb 22, 2017 Almost four months after its release, iOS 10 is now on 76% of active iOS devices Jan 6, 2017 In just a few hours since launch Super Mario Run has topped Apple's iTunes charts Dec 16, 2016 · Hot! iOS 10 is now on 54% of Apple's active mobile devices Oct 11, 2016 Show Comments 7 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.95 98% off UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack $100.00 $17.99 82% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $89.00 85% off Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible review Bluboo Edge: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone bluboo edge review cshell, feature2 and the future Microsoft's Windows 10 mobile plans are becoming clearer windows 10 mobile always connected Microsoft and Qualcomm announce Windows 10 'Mobile PCs' with Snapdragon 835 snapdragon 835 codename 'northstar' Images emerge of Microsoft's cancelled 'Lumia 960' flagship lumia 960 Microsoft reveals the "next generation of Skype" across all major platforms skype First Xbox Insider build for Version 1706 rolls out to Alpha ring alpha ring VIDEO Hands on with the MateBook D, E and X, Huawei's new Windows 10 devices huawei INTERVIEW Talking AI-powered, human-refined translation with Unbabel's CEO unbabel Microsoft shows off new Windows Mixed Reality headsets from ASUS, Dell and Lenovo windows mixed reality Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Articles l l How to Record a Video of Your iPhone or iPad’s Screen How to Rip Blu-Ray Discs With MakeMKV and Handbrake What Is Windows 10 on ARM, and How is It Different From Windows RT? Wi-Fi vs. Ethernet: How Much Better Is a Wired Connection? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Access Your iCloud Calendar with Alexa By Jason Fitzpatrick on June 2nd, 2017 Thanks to a recent Alexa update, you can now access your iCloud calendar through your Amazon Echo, other Alexa-enabled devices, and the Alexa app. To do so, however, you’ll need to do a little tweaking behind the scenes. RELATED ARTICLE How to Link Your Google Calendar to Your Amazon Echo We’ve shown you how to link your Google Calendar to Alexa, but now we’re back to help iCloud users get the same functionality. In order to use your iCloud calendar with Alexa, you need three things: two-factor authentication enabled on your Apple account, an iCloud app-specific password just for Alexa, and, naturally, your Alexa device to accept the voice input. Step One: Create an App-Specific Password for Your Apple ID RELATED ARTICLE How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication for Your Apple ID We won’t run through setting up two-factor authentication on your Apple account, but we do have a detailed guide on doing so here for those of you who haven’t enabled it already. Instead, let’s jump right into creating that app-specific password. Log into your Apple account at appleid.apple.com. Confirm your login by entering the two-factor identification code sent to your primary device. Once logged in, look for the section in your Apple ID control panel labeled “Security” and click on “Generate Password” as seen below. When prompted, label the app-specific password “Alexa” and click “Create”. Apple will provide you with a randomly generated alphanumeric string in the format xxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx. Highlight and copy the password as we’ll be entering it in the next step of the tutorial. Step Two: Link Your iCloud Calendar to Alexa App-specific password in hand, it’s time to add your iCloud Calendar to Alexa. To do so you can either open up the Alexa app on your mobile device or you can visit alexa.amazon.com while logged into your Amazon account to access the Alexa dashboard from any web browser. (The latter is easier, since we’ll have to paste that password from step one.) Once logged into the dashboard, select “Settings” from the left-hand sidebar and then select “Calendar”. Within the Calendar menu, select the entry for Apple/iCloud. You’ll be prompted to enable two-factor authentication if you have not already done so, and to create an app-specific password. Because we’re already two steps ahead of the game, just click “Continue” to move forward. When prompted enter your Apple ID and your app-specific password and then click “Sign In”. After signing in you’ll see all your iCloud calendars, checked by default. Step Three: Configure Your Calendars, If Necessary If you’d prefer not to use certain calendars with Alexa, you can uncheck them now. Next, click on Settings > Calendar to return to the previous Calendars menu. Here, we need to make once final selection. In the drop down menu under “Alexa will add new events to this calendar:” select which of your iCloud calendars you want Alexa to use by default for any commands that add events. With that last detail squared away, we can start using Alexa with iCloud. Control iCloud Calendar by Voice Command RELATED ARTICLE How to Listen to Podcasts on Your Amazon Echo Now that the setup is behind us, it’s smooth sailing. You can access your iCloud calendar using natural language commands like you would any other Alexa function (like spooling up a podcast). While the calendar commands could definitely benefit from some flexibility (Alexa can’t answer the question “Alexa, is my weekend free?” for example), there are still plenty of things it can do. You, however, use commands like: “What’s on my calendar?” or “What’s my next event” to hear what the next scheduled event is. “What’s on my calendar tomorrow at [time]?” or “What’s on my calendar on [day]?” to get an overview of that time slot. “Add [event] to my calendar for [day] at [time].” to create an entry like “Add charity jog to my calendar for Tuesday at 2 PM.” Although the functionality is basic, it gets the job done, and allows you to check (and add to) your calendar using only voice commands. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Jason Fitzpatrick is a warranty-voiding DIYer who spends his days cracking opening cases and wrestling with code so you don't have to. If it can be modded, optimized, repurposed, or torn apart for fun he's interested (and probably already at the workbench taking it apart). You can follow him on Twitter if you'd like. Published 06/2/17 DID YOU KNOW? Terminal velocity is not, as the name might imply, the speed of descent at which something is killed (like an unfortunate human without a parachute), but the highest velocity an object can attain as it falls through the air. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? How to Make Windows 10 Look and Act More Like Windows 7 How to Install Printer Drivers on Linux How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs What Exactly is a “Quantum Dot” TV? Understanding Routers, Switches, and Network Hardware How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without a Fax Machine or Phone Line Create a Configuration Profile to Simplify VPN Setup on iPhones and iPads Nest vs. Ecobee3 vs. Honeywell Lyric: Which Smart Thermostat Should You Buy? Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Hot Topics Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map June 3, 2017 12:08:37 AM PDT E-Commerce Times > Trends > Hot Topics | Next Article in Hot Topics Rumored Apple Plans Hint at Smart Speaker Battle Ahead Print Email By David Jones Jun 2, 2017 12:56 PM PT Apple has begun production of a high-end speaker with Siri-based digital assistant technology to compete directly with Amazon's Alexa-based Echo speakers and the Google Assistant-powered Home speaker, Bloomberg reported Wednesday. Production is in the early stages, but the device could be unveiled as early as next week at WWDC, Apple's annual developer conference, according to the report. That would position the company to begin shipping in time for the winter holiday season. Inventec, which manufactures Apple AirPods, reportedly has landed the deal to build the intelligent speakers, and has begun expanding plant capacity to handle the demand. Apple aims to position its speaker not only as a digital assistant for the home, but also as a high-end audio device that will compete with Sonos and other leading speaker manufacturers, according to some reports. Apple already is a dominant player in the digital music arena with its iTunes music and video library. The device currently in production will have virtual surround sound technology and possibly will include sensors that automatically adjust volume based on the acoustics where the speakers are being used, according to the Bloomberg report. It also may use the company's HomeKit, which already works with Siri technology to automate the home, to act as a hub for home appliances, lights and other devices. Street Talk Speculation about the launch of a Siri-based speaker has heated up in recent weeks, following last month's report from KGI Securities analyst Ming Chi Kuo, who said there was a greater than 50 percent chance that Apple would unveil such a device at WWDC, which would give developers time to write new apps for it in time for the holiday shopping season. Apple had an installed base of 136 million iPhones in use in the U.S. as of March 31, plus another few million iPads and Apple computers. Most of the company's customers owned more than one Apple product, according to Michael Levin, a partner and analyst at Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. "It has also created a decent Home software suite that would allow whatever gadget they create to integrate its various hardware products -- smartphone, tablet, watch, computers, etc. -- into a home control system," he told the E-Commerce Times. "We expect that over time, at least a few million U.S. users would try out its new service and become a competitor to Amazon Echo and Google Home devices." Apple TV Groundwork Apple currently has some of same type of capability found in smart speakers built into its Apple TV box, noted Michael Jude, a research manager at Stratecast/Frost & Sullivan. "This would likely be an adjunct device that would network to the existing Apple Home capabilities," he told the E-Commerce Times. "Apple has been angling towards a connected home capability for some time," Jude remarked. "Apple TV was sort of the opening salvo, but had a hard time getting traction because of its dependence on resolving content ownership issues," he explained. The rumored Siri-powered speaker "will extend Apple's capabilities, but will still be a less capable offering than Amazon's since it will lack the retail connections that Amazon can deliver," Jude said. "It will, however, put it at parity with Google -- perhaps ahead a little, since it will deliver iTunes and other content sources. Third Parties Key The strength of the Apple brand alone would provide the company with a competitive advantage with fans of the company, noted Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. However, unless the company were willing to open the platform up to third-party developers and hardware providers, it would lag Amazon and Google, he pointed out. "While being first to market with a home speaker device -- the Echo -- was a plus for Amazon, its real success is coming from all the third-parties that are looking at using Alexa on everything from smoke detectors to cars," McGregor told the E-Commerce Times. "Amazon also has a vast music library, book library and other retail ties to customers," he pointed out. "I would not bet against Amazon." Maturing Market Apple's move comes at a time when the core iPhone market has begun to mature. At the same time, Amazon and Google have taken a big bite out of the red hot digital assistant market. The Echo has propelled Amazon to record revenue and profits over the last couple of years, spinning off an entire new ecosystem of products that use its Alexa-based digital assistant technology. Google launched its own ecosystem of products and services anchored by the Google Assistant-powered Home speaker. It has a treasure trove of consumer search data and natural language capabilities to drive the use of Android-based mobile phones and other products based on its advanced development of machine learning and artificial intelligence. David Jones is a freelance writer based in Essex County, New Jersey. He has written for Reuters, Bloomberg, Crain's New York Business and The New York Times. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by David Jones Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Raspberry Pi Fans Can Build Their Own AI Voice Assistant May 9, 2017 Apple May Be Prepping Siri for Smart Home Duty May 3, 2017 Gadget Ogling: Note-Taker Triumphs, Classic Nokia Returns, and Audio Thrills Mar 14, 2017 News Alerts Google Activate Alert | Search Archives Gadget Activate Alert | Search Archives Artificial intelligence Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Hot Topics SC Ruling Signals New Era for Software Patent Enforcement Kaspersky to US: Check Our Source Code Getting Serious About Teen Smartphone Addiction Leaked Docs Spotlight Complexity of Moderating Facebook Content Report: Cybersecurity Dangerously Lax at Mar-a-Lago Dell's 'Alice' Will Guide Women Through VC Wonderland Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by David Jones Microsoft Partners Heed Mixed-Reality Call Facebook's Original Programming Plans Take Shape Amazon Shares Hit Milestone as E-Commerce Battle Heats Up Google Brings Machine Learning to Online Marketing Assessment New GitHub Marketplace Showcases Integrators, Speeds Development Snap Stock Snaps Back - for the Moment Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts How do you feel about the coming robot era? Terrified -- killer robots are no longer science fiction. Excited -- robots will make life easier and more fun. Worried -- robots will take over too many human jobs. Interested -- robots will pose challenges, but we'll deal. Meh -- robots are already here and they're dumb and boring. I have no feelings for or about robots. Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Plex Advances Cord-Cutting Case With Live OTA TV Microsoft Partners Heed Mixed-Reality Call Android Creator Launches a Phone of His Own A Better World President MarySue Hansell: Getting Real With a Virtual Do-Good Game Will Future Autonomous Cars Fly Like Birds or Tunnel Like Moles? Kaspersky to US: Check Our Source Code Microsoft's Mixer Could Shake Up the Streaming Game Main Surface Pro Improvements Are Beneath the Surface CRM Buyer Zuora VP Matt Darrow: The Intelligence of the Subscription Model Salesforce Offers Alternative to Old-School Partner Portals The Subscription Economy's Maturation Building a Sales Team by the Numbers Helpshift Integrates With Salesforce Genesys Launches G-Nine CX Framework Verizon Aims to Help Firms Get Up Close and Personal With Customers SugarCRM Trots Out Sugar 7.9 With Quotes LinuxInsider BitKey Unlocks Mysteries of the Bitcoin Universe Hacking and Linux Go Together Like 2 Keys in a Key Pair MariaDB Offers a Bigger Box of Transactional Tools New GitHub Marketplace Showcases Integrators, Speeds Development Red Hat Linux Upgrade Pushes New Security, Automation Tools Android at the Wheel: Google Aims for One Vehicle Ecosystem Feren OS: A Linux Desktop Game-Changer Crate.io Packs New Features, Services Into DB Upgrade E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times PCs Shine Again, but for How Long? Facebook's Original Programming Plans Take Shape Amazon Shares Hit Milestone as E-Commerce Battle Heats Up SC Ruling Signals New Era for Software Patent Enforcement Google Brings Machine Learning to Online Marketing Assessment Comcast Rolls the Dice With Xfinity Instant TV Snap Stock Snaps Back - for the Moment Softbank Vision Fund Attracts $93B From Gulf States, Apple, Others Inside E-Commerce Times Cloud Computing Google Pushes AI, Machine Learning to the Front Veeva Offers Cross-Stack Customer Insights Microsoft Debuts Smarter Cloud at Build Enterprise IT How Deep Learning Could Fix Trump and Healthcare Report: Cybersecurity Dangerously Lax at Mar-a-Lago Data Watchdog Cautions Google and UK Health Partner Exclusives EquiSeq CEO Lexi Palmer: Act Like You're Not Scared and Go at It GIT CEO Adriana Gascoigne: More Women in Tech Means More Problems Solved GE Digital VP Beena Ammanath: For Most Women, STEM Is an Uphill Battle Expert Advice CloudCraze EVP Andrew Witherspoon: For Successful B2B, Set Aside Expectations Outreach CEO Manny Medina: Selling Success Oro CEO Yoav Kutner: Getting a Sense of Your Customer Hot Topics John Oliver's Viewers Flood FCC Site With Net Neutrality Concerns Qualcomm May Seek iPhone Ban to Retaliate Against Apple Congress Probes United Airlines' Customer Mishandling Marketing E-Commerce Gets the Einstein Treatment Marketing Firm Zeta Global Turns Heads With $140M Funding Round Apple Slashes App Store Affiliate Commissions Mobile Getting Serious About Teen Smartphone Addiction Walmart Delivers E-Commerce Stunner Charter's Wireless Play Security Leaked Docs Spotlight Complexity of Moderating Facebook Content Intertwining Artificial Intelligence With Blockchain Massive Ransomware Attack Reaps Meager Profits SMB Nutshell CTO Andy Fowler: Good CRM Tools Stay Out of the Way Red Hat Pilots New Program to Ease Digital Transformation ProsperWorks Adds In-App Comms to its Google CRM Solution Social Media New Deals Turn Twitter's Content Stream Into a River Instagram Snaps Up Rivals' Users Internet Giants Ramp Up Fake News Defenses Spotlight Features The Grim Upward Trajectory of Mobile Fraud Risks Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Trends 3 Ways Your Sales Organization Should Prepare for AI Dell's 'Alice' Will Guide Women Through VC Wonderland Big Accounting Deal Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing Artificial Intelligence will Apple be next iCrowdNewswire – Jun 2, 2017 With iPhone sales slowing and the last new Apple product released two years ago, expectations are building for what the company will reveal next week at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. Some Apple watchers are counting on artificial intelligence. With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing AI in their conferences over the past two months, market analysts believe it is Apple’s turn. As the race for artificial intelligence heats up in Silicon Valley, some worry that Apple is already behind the game. “If Apple skips AI, I would consider that a significant miss on their opportunity,” said John Jackson, a Boston-based analyst for IDC. “Apple is late to this game. There is no other trick up their sleeve around this.” Apple, long known for its secrecy, declined to discuss specifics of the event but emailed a statement that its global developer community has earned more than $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008. Rumors and early reports indicate the Cupertino tech giant may release a new iPad pro, and according to Bloomberg, a Siri-controlled home speaker to challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home. Gene Munster, a venture capitalist at Loup Ventures and a longtime Apple watcher, said a home speaker would be a step in the right direction for Apple. “Artificial intelligence is fundamental to every company now,” Munster said. “We knew Apple was going to improve on Siri, and (the speaker) seems to line up. It makes logical sense.” In addition to the Siri speaker, rumors of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, an updated MacBook Pro and a new iOS 11 have circulated on the Internet In preparation for next week’s Apple Developers Conference, the McEnery Convention Center facade gets a decorative re-skinning Friday, June 2, 2017, in San Jose, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group)  The five-day conference to be attended by more than 5000 developers — who each paid $1599 after winning a lottery — is moving from San Francisco to San Jose, where it will be held for the first time since 2002. Apple CEO Tim Cook will give the keynote speech in McEnery Convention Center at 10 a.m. on Monday. His speech will be streamed live on Apple’s website, or through the WWDC iOS app. Some experts pushed back on the notion that Apple is behind in the AI race, saying Siri is not the only AI-driven technology built by Apple. But they acknowledged that companies like Amazon and Google have made smart AI-driven devices marketable — Google identifies itself as an AI first company — as Apple has mostly worked behind closed curtains. “For the average Joe on the street, AI for Amazon is Echo and Alexa,” said Carolina Milanesi, analyst at Creative Strategies. “Apple just chose not to label everything AI. Apple chose to let our experience with its devices speak for itself. But I think we are at a point where AI does matter in the advertising spiel.” In recent years, Apple has seen a decline in the sales of its main products, most noticeably the iPhone. Apple reported 50.8 million iPhones sold worldwide in the second quarter of 2017, down from 51.2 million a year earlier. Expectations are that Apple will unveil a new iPhone in the fall for the device’s 10th anniversary. Apple Watch, its latest product from 2015, saw its 2016 sales number double from the year before, according to Cook in the last earnings call. Apple does not release Apple Watch sales numbers, but some analysts have estimated about 12 million of the devices were sold last year. If reports of a Siri home speaker are correct, Apple will be entering a growing smart home market with a closing window of opportunity. Both Amazon Echo and Google Home proved to be commercial successes. At its I/O conference in May, Google announced more features to its Home speaker, including the ability to place free calls, connect with Bluetooth and control more apps like HBO Now and Hulu. Apple’s Siri speaker reportedly comes with a virtual surround sound technology that give it an edge in sound quality over its competitors, according to Bloomberg. But the biggest draw may be its compatibility with other Apple devices and services. The speaker will likely be connected to the iPhone and Apple TV and services like Apple Music and the HomeKit home automation system. Although skeptical that current Amazon Echo owners will switch over to the Apple speaker, analysts believe Apple may be able to bridge the gap. “Apple has done a great job sewing up households as Apple households,” said Jackson. “A lot of us own iPhones and MacBooks. But it hasn’t been central to their messaging. Creating this type of innovation is darn hard, so they’re late.” Full article: http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/06/02/apple-needs-to-show-off-new-ai-technology-at-wwdc-next-week-analysts-say/ CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, Apple, artificial intelligence, Artificial Intelligence Newswire, Asia, English, Europe, Facebook, Google, Latin America, Microsoft, Middle East Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fayetteville Historic District Commission Presents 2017 Historic Preservation Award Next PostNext Public Outreach Policy at the Planning Commission Meeting Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing Artificial Intelligence will Apple be next iCrowdNewswire – Jun 2, 2017 With iPhone sales slowing and the last new Apple product released two years ago, expectations are building for what the company will reveal next week at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. Some Apple watchers are counting on artificial intelligence. With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing AI in their conferences over the past two months, market analysts believe it is Apple’s turn. As the race for artificial intelligence heats up in Silicon Valley, some worry that Apple is already behind the game. “If Apple skips AI, I would consider that a significant miss on their opportunity,” said John Jackson, a Boston-based analyst for IDC. “Apple is late to this game. There is no other trick up their sleeve around this.” Apple, long known for its secrecy, declined to discuss specifics of the event but emailed a statement that its global developer community has earned more than $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008. Rumors and early reports indicate the Cupertino tech giant may release a new iPad pro, and according to Bloomberg, a Siri-controlled home speaker to challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home. Gene Munster, a venture capitalist at Loup Ventures and a longtime Apple watcher, said a home speaker would be a step in the right direction for Apple. “Artificial intelligence is fundamental to every company now,” Munster said. “We knew Apple was going to improve on Siri, and (the speaker) seems to line up. It makes logical sense.” In addition to the Siri speaker, rumors of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, an updated MacBook Pro and a new iOS 11 have circulated on the Internet In preparation for next week’s Apple Developers Conference, the McEnery Convention Center facade gets a decorative re-skinning Friday, June 2, 2017, in San Jose, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group)  The five-day conference to be attended by more than 5000 developers — who each paid $1599 after winning a lottery — is moving from San Francisco to San Jose, where it will be held for the first time since 2002. Apple CEO Tim Cook will give the keynote speech in McEnery Convention Center at 10 a.m. on Monday. His speech will be streamed live on Apple’s website, or through the WWDC iOS app. Some experts pushed back on the notion that Apple is behind in the AI race, saying Siri is not the only AI-driven technology built by Apple. But they acknowledged that companies like Amazon and Google have made smart AI-driven devices marketable — Google identifies itself as an AI first company — as Apple has mostly worked behind closed curtains. “For the average Joe on the street, AI for Amazon is Echo and Alexa,” said Carolina Milanesi, analyst at Creative Strategies. “Apple just chose not to label everything AI. Apple chose to let our experience with its devices speak for itself. But I think we are at a point where AI does matter in the advertising spiel.” In recent years, Apple has seen a decline in the sales of its main products, most noticeably the iPhone. Apple reported 50.8 million iPhones sold worldwide in the second quarter of 2017, down from 51.2 million a year earlier. Expectations are that Apple will unveil a new iPhone in the fall for the device’s 10th anniversary. Apple Watch, its latest product from 2015, saw its 2016 sales number double from the year before, according to Cook in the last earnings call. Apple does not release Apple Watch sales numbers, but some analysts have estimated about 12 million of the devices were sold last year. If reports of a Siri home speaker are correct, Apple will be entering a growing smart home market with a closing window of opportunity. Both Amazon Echo and Google Home proved to be commercial successes. At its I/O conference in May, Google announced more features to its Home speaker, including the ability to place free calls, connect with Bluetooth and control more apps like HBO Now and Hulu. Apple’s Siri speaker reportedly comes with a virtual surround sound technology that give it an edge in sound quality over its competitors, according to Bloomberg. But the biggest draw may be its compatibility with other Apple devices and services. The speaker will likely be connected to the iPhone and Apple TV and services like Apple Music and the HomeKit home automation system. Although skeptical that current Amazon Echo owners will switch over to the Apple speaker, analysts believe Apple may be able to bridge the gap. “Apple has done a great job sewing up households as Apple households,” said Jackson. “A lot of us own iPhones and MacBooks. But it hasn’t been central to their messaging. Creating this type of innovation is darn hard, so they’re late.” Full article: http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/06/02/apple-needs-to-show-off-new-ai-technology-at-wwdc-next-week-analysts-say/ CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, Apple, artificial intelligence, Artificial Intelligence Newswire, Asia, English, Europe, Facebook, Google, Latin America, Microsoft, Middle East Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fayetteville Historic District Commission Presents 2017 Historic Preservation Award Next PostNext Public Outreach Policy at the Planning Commission Meeting Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing Artificial Intelligence will Apple be next iCrowdNewswire – Jun 2, 2017 With iPhone sales slowing and the last new Apple product released two years ago, expectations are building for what the company will reveal next week at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. Some Apple watchers are counting on artificial intelligence. With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing AI in their conferences over the past two months, market analysts believe it is Apple’s turn. As the race for artificial intelligence heats up in Silicon Valley, some worry that Apple is already behind the game. “If Apple skips AI, I would consider that a significant miss on their opportunity,” said John Jackson, a Boston-based analyst for IDC. “Apple is late to this game. There is no other trick up their sleeve around this.” Apple, long known for its secrecy, declined to discuss specifics of the event but emailed a statement that its global developer community has earned more than $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008. Rumors and early reports indicate the Cupertino tech giant may release a new iPad pro, and according to Bloomberg, a Siri-controlled home speaker to challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home. Gene Munster, a venture capitalist at Loup Ventures and a longtime Apple watcher, said a home speaker would be a step in the right direction for Apple. “Artificial intelligence is fundamental to every company now,” Munster said. “We knew Apple was going to improve on Siri, and (the speaker) seems to line up. It makes logical sense.” In addition to the Siri speaker, rumors of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, an updated MacBook Pro and a new iOS 11 have circulated on the Internet In preparation for next week’s Apple Developers Conference, the McEnery Convention Center facade gets a decorative re-skinning Friday, June 2, 2017, in San Jose, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group)  The five-day conference to be attended by more than 5000 developers — who each paid $1599 after winning a lottery — is moving from San Francisco to San Jose, where it will be held for the first time since 2002. Apple CEO Tim Cook will give the keynote speech in McEnery Convention Center at 10 a.m. on Monday. His speech will be streamed live on Apple’s website, or through the WWDC iOS app. Some experts pushed back on the notion that Apple is behind in the AI race, saying Siri is not the only AI-driven technology built by Apple. But they acknowledged that companies like Amazon and Google have made smart AI-driven devices marketable — Google identifies itself as an AI first company — as Apple has mostly worked behind closed curtains. “For the average Joe on the street, AI for Amazon is Echo and Alexa,” said Carolina Milanesi, analyst at Creative Strategies. “Apple just chose not to label everything AI. Apple chose to let our experience with its devices speak for itself. But I think we are at a point where AI does matter in the advertising spiel.” In recent years, Apple has seen a decline in the sales of its main products, most noticeably the iPhone. Apple reported 50.8 million iPhones sold worldwide in the second quarter of 2017, down from 51.2 million a year earlier. Expectations are that Apple will unveil a new iPhone in the fall for the device’s 10th anniversary. Apple Watch, its latest product from 2015, saw its 2016 sales number double from the year before, according to Cook in the last earnings call. Apple does not release Apple Watch sales numbers, but some analysts have estimated about 12 million of the devices were sold last year. If reports of a Siri home speaker are correct, Apple will be entering a growing smart home market with a closing window of opportunity. Both Amazon Echo and Google Home proved to be commercial successes. At its I/O conference in May, Google announced more features to its Home speaker, including the ability to place free calls, connect with Bluetooth and control more apps like HBO Now and Hulu. Apple’s Siri speaker reportedly comes with a virtual surround sound technology that give it an edge in sound quality over its competitors, according to Bloomberg. But the biggest draw may be its compatibility with other Apple devices and services. The speaker will likely be connected to the iPhone and Apple TV and services like Apple Music and the HomeKit home automation system. Although skeptical that current Amazon Echo owners will switch over to the Apple speaker, analysts believe Apple may be able to bridge the gap. “Apple has done a great job sewing up households as Apple households,” said Jackson. “A lot of us own iPhones and MacBooks. But it hasn’t been central to their messaging. Creating this type of innovation is darn hard, so they’re late.” Full article: http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/06/02/apple-needs-to-show-off-new-ai-technology-at-wwdc-next-week-analysts-say/ CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, Apple, artificial intelligence, Artificial Intelligence Newswire, Asia, English, Europe, Facebook, Google, Latin America, Microsoft, Middle East Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fayetteville Historic District Commission Presents 2017 Historic Preservation Award Next PostNext Public Outreach Policy at the Planning Commission Meeting Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing Artificial Intelligence will Apple be next iCrowdNewswire – Jun 2, 2017 With iPhone sales slowing and the last new Apple product released two years ago, expectations are building for what the company will reveal next week at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. Some Apple watchers are counting on artificial intelligence. With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing AI in their conferences over the past two months, market analysts believe it is Apple’s turn. As the race for artificial intelligence heats up in Silicon Valley, some worry that Apple is already behind the game. “If Apple skips AI, I would consider that a significant miss on their opportunity,” said John Jackson, a Boston-based analyst for IDC. “Apple is late to this game. There is no other trick up their sleeve around this.” Apple, long known for its secrecy, declined to discuss specifics of the event but emailed a statement that its global developer community has earned more than $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008. Rumors and early reports indicate the Cupertino tech giant may release a new iPad pro, and according to Bloomberg, a Siri-controlled home speaker to challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home. Gene Munster, a venture capitalist at Loup Ventures and a longtime Apple watcher, said a home speaker would be a step in the right direction for Apple. “Artificial intelligence is fundamental to every company now,” Munster said. “We knew Apple was going to improve on Siri, and (the speaker) seems to line up. It makes logical sense.” In addition to the Siri speaker, rumors of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, an updated MacBook Pro and a new iOS 11 have circulated on the Internet In preparation for next week’s Apple Developers Conference, the McEnery Convention Center facade gets a decorative re-skinning Friday, June 2, 2017, in San Jose, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group)  The five-day conference to be attended by more than 5000 developers — who each paid $1599 after winning a lottery — is moving from San Francisco to San Jose, where it will be held for the first time since 2002. Apple CEO Tim Cook will give the keynote speech in McEnery Convention Center at 10 a.m. on Monday. His speech will be streamed live on Apple’s website, or through the WWDC iOS app. Some experts pushed back on the notion that Apple is behind in the AI race, saying Siri is not the only AI-driven technology built by Apple. But they acknowledged that companies like Amazon and Google have made smart AI-driven devices marketable — Google identifies itself as an AI first company — as Apple has mostly worked behind closed curtains. “For the average Joe on the street, AI for Amazon is Echo and Alexa,” said Carolina Milanesi, analyst at Creative Strategies. “Apple just chose not to label everything AI. Apple chose to let our experience with its devices speak for itself. But I think we are at a point where AI does matter in the advertising spiel.” In recent years, Apple has seen a decline in the sales of its main products, most noticeably the iPhone. Apple reported 50.8 million iPhones sold worldwide in the second quarter of 2017, down from 51.2 million a year earlier. Expectations are that Apple will unveil a new iPhone in the fall for the device’s 10th anniversary. Apple Watch, its latest product from 2015, saw its 2016 sales number double from the year before, according to Cook in the last earnings call. Apple does not release Apple Watch sales numbers, but some analysts have estimated about 12 million of the devices were sold last year. If reports of a Siri home speaker are correct, Apple will be entering a growing smart home market with a closing window of opportunity. Both Amazon Echo and Google Home proved to be commercial successes. At its I/O conference in May, Google announced more features to its Home speaker, including the ability to place free calls, connect with Bluetooth and control more apps like HBO Now and Hulu. Apple’s Siri speaker reportedly comes with a virtual surround sound technology that give it an edge in sound quality over its competitors, according to Bloomberg. But the biggest draw may be its compatibility with other Apple devices and services. The speaker will likely be connected to the iPhone and Apple TV and services like Apple Music and the HomeKit home automation system. Although skeptical that current Amazon Echo owners will switch over to the Apple speaker, analysts believe Apple may be able to bridge the gap. “Apple has done a great job sewing up households as Apple households,” said Jackson. “A lot of us own iPhones and MacBooks. But it hasn’t been central to their messaging. Creating this type of innovation is darn hard, so they’re late.” Full article: http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/06/02/apple-needs-to-show-off-new-ai-technology-at-wwdc-next-week-analysts-say/ CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, Apple, artificial intelligence, Artificial Intelligence Newswire, Asia, English, Europe, Facebook, Google, Latin America, Microsoft, Middle East Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fayetteville Historic District Commission Presents 2017 Historic Preservation Award Next PostNext Public Outreach Policy at the Planning Commission Meeting Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing Artificial Intelligence will Apple be next iCrowdNewswire – Jun 2, 2017 With iPhone sales slowing and the last new Apple product released two years ago, expectations are building for what the company will reveal next week at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. Some Apple watchers are counting on artificial intelligence. With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing AI in their conferences over the past two months, market analysts believe it is Apple’s turn. As the race for artificial intelligence heats up in Silicon Valley, some worry that Apple is already behind the game. “If Apple skips AI, I would consider that a significant miss on their opportunity,” said John Jackson, a Boston-based analyst for IDC. “Apple is late to this game. There is no other trick up their sleeve around this.” Apple, long known for its secrecy, declined to discuss specifics of the event but emailed a statement that its global developer community has earned more than $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008. Rumors and early reports indicate the Cupertino tech giant may release a new iPad pro, and according to Bloomberg, a Siri-controlled home speaker to challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home. Gene Munster, a venture capitalist at Loup Ventures and a longtime Apple watcher, said a home speaker would be a step in the right direction for Apple. “Artificial intelligence is fundamental to every company now,” Munster said. “We knew Apple was going to improve on Siri, and (the speaker) seems to line up. It makes logical sense.” In addition to the Siri speaker, rumors of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, an updated MacBook Pro and a new iOS 11 have circulated on the Internet In preparation for next week’s Apple Developers Conference, the McEnery Convention Center facade gets a decorative re-skinning Friday, June 2, 2017, in San Jose, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group)  The five-day conference to be attended by more than 5000 developers — who each paid $1599 after winning a lottery — is moving from San Francisco to San Jose, where it will be held for the first time since 2002. Apple CEO Tim Cook will give the keynote speech in McEnery Convention Center at 10 a.m. on Monday. His speech will be streamed live on Apple’s website, or through the WWDC iOS app. Some experts pushed back on the notion that Apple is behind in the AI race, saying Siri is not the only AI-driven technology built by Apple. But they acknowledged that companies like Amazon and Google have made smart AI-driven devices marketable — Google identifies itself as an AI first company — as Apple has mostly worked behind closed curtains. “For the average Joe on the street, AI for Amazon is Echo and Alexa,” said Carolina Milanesi, analyst at Creative Strategies. “Apple just chose not to label everything AI. Apple chose to let our experience with its devices speak for itself. But I think we are at a point where AI does matter in the advertising spiel.” In recent years, Apple has seen a decline in the sales of its main products, most noticeably the iPhone. Apple reported 50.8 million iPhones sold worldwide in the second quarter of 2017, down from 51.2 million a year earlier. Expectations are that Apple will unveil a new iPhone in the fall for the device’s 10th anniversary. Apple Watch, its latest product from 2015, saw its 2016 sales number double from the year before, according to Cook in the last earnings call. Apple does not release Apple Watch sales numbers, but some analysts have estimated about 12 million of the devices were sold last year. If reports of a Siri home speaker are correct, Apple will be entering a growing smart home market with a closing window of opportunity. Both Amazon Echo and Google Home proved to be commercial successes. At its I/O conference in May, Google announced more features to its Home speaker, including the ability to place free calls, connect with Bluetooth and control more apps like HBO Now and Hulu. Apple’s Siri speaker reportedly comes with a virtual surround sound technology that give it an edge in sound quality over its competitors, according to Bloomberg. But the biggest draw may be its compatibility with other Apple devices and services. The speaker will likely be connected to the iPhone and Apple TV and services like Apple Music and the HomeKit home automation system. Although skeptical that current Amazon Echo owners will switch over to the Apple speaker, analysts believe Apple may be able to bridge the gap. “Apple has done a great job sewing up households as Apple households,” said Jackson. “A lot of us own iPhones and MacBooks. But it hasn’t been central to their messaging. Creating this type of innovation is darn hard, so they’re late.” Full article: http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/06/02/apple-needs-to-show-off-new-ai-technology-at-wwdc-next-week-analysts-say/ CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, Apple, artificial intelligence, Artificial Intelligence Newswire, Asia, English, Europe, Facebook, Google, Latin America, Microsoft, Middle East Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fayetteville Historic District Commission Presents 2017 Historic Preservation Award Next PostNext Public Outreach Policy at the Planning Commission Meeting Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing Artificial Intelligence will Apple be next iCrowdNewswire – Jun 2, 2017 With iPhone sales slowing and the last new Apple product released two years ago, expectations are building for what the company will reveal next week at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. Some Apple watchers are counting on artificial intelligence. With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing AI in their conferences over the past two months, market analysts believe it is Apple’s turn. As the race for artificial intelligence heats up in Silicon Valley, some worry that Apple is already behind the game. “If Apple skips AI, I would consider that a significant miss on their opportunity,” said John Jackson, a Boston-based analyst for IDC. “Apple is late to this game. There is no other trick up their sleeve around this.” Apple, long known for its secrecy, declined to discuss specifics of the event but emailed a statement that its global developer community has earned more than $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008. Rumors and early reports indicate the Cupertino tech giant may release a new iPad pro, and according to Bloomberg, a Siri-controlled home speaker to challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home. Gene Munster, a venture capitalist at Loup Ventures and a longtime Apple watcher, said a home speaker would be a step in the right direction for Apple. “Artificial intelligence is fundamental to every company now,” Munster said. “We knew Apple was going to improve on Siri, and (the speaker) seems to line up. It makes logical sense.” In addition to the Siri speaker, rumors of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, an updated MacBook Pro and a new iOS 11 have circulated on the Internet In preparation for next week’s Apple Developers Conference, the McEnery Convention Center facade gets a decorative re-skinning Friday, June 2, 2017, in San Jose, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group)  The five-day conference to be attended by more than 5000 developers — who each paid $1599 after winning a lottery — is moving from San Francisco to San Jose, where it will be held for the first time since 2002. Apple CEO Tim Cook will give the keynote speech in McEnery Convention Center at 10 a.m. on Monday. His speech will be streamed live on Apple’s website, or through the WWDC iOS app. Some experts pushed back on the notion that Apple is behind in the AI race, saying Siri is not the only AI-driven technology built by Apple. But they acknowledged that companies like Amazon and Google have made smart AI-driven devices marketable — Google identifies itself as an AI first company — as Apple has mostly worked behind closed curtains. “For the average Joe on the street, AI for Amazon is Echo and Alexa,” said Carolina Milanesi, analyst at Creative Strategies. “Apple just chose not to label everything AI. Apple chose to let our experience with its devices speak for itself. But I think we are at a point where AI does matter in the advertising spiel.” In recent years, Apple has seen a decline in the sales of its main products, most noticeably the iPhone. Apple reported 50.8 million iPhones sold worldwide in the second quarter of 2017, down from 51.2 million a year earlier. Expectations are that Apple will unveil a new iPhone in the fall for the device’s 10th anniversary. Apple Watch, its latest product from 2015, saw its 2016 sales number double from the year before, according to Cook in the last earnings call. Apple does not release Apple Watch sales numbers, but some analysts have estimated about 12 million of the devices were sold last year. If reports of a Siri home speaker are correct, Apple will be entering a growing smart home market with a closing window of opportunity. Both Amazon Echo and Google Home proved to be commercial successes. At its I/O conference in May, Google announced more features to its Home speaker, including the ability to place free calls, connect with Bluetooth and control more apps like HBO Now and Hulu. Apple’s Siri speaker reportedly comes with a virtual surround sound technology that give it an edge in sound quality over its competitors, according to Bloomberg. But the biggest draw may be its compatibility with other Apple devices and services. The speaker will likely be connected to the iPhone and Apple TV and services like Apple Music and the HomeKit home automation system. Although skeptical that current Amazon Echo owners will switch over to the Apple speaker, analysts believe Apple may be able to bridge the gap. “Apple has done a great job sewing up households as Apple households,” said Jackson. “A lot of us own iPhones and MacBooks. But it hasn’t been central to their messaging. Creating this type of innovation is darn hard, so they’re late.” Full article: http://www.mercurynews.com/2017/06/02/apple-needs-to-show-off-new-ai-technology-at-wwdc-next-week-analysts-say/ CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, Apple, artificial intelligence, Artificial Intelligence Newswire, Asia, English, Europe, Facebook, Google, Latin America, Microsoft, Middle East Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fayetteville Historic District Commission Presents 2017 Historic Preservation Award Next PostNext Public Outreach Policy at the Planning Commission Meeting Search Recent Posts Global Medical Shoes Market 2017-2022: Significant Growth with a CAGR of 8.12 % – Research and Markets India Video Surveillance as a Service Market,-2023: Market is Projected to Grow at a CAGR of Over 22% from 2017-2023 – Research and Markets Dynamometer Products & Services Market: Market Trends and Key Developments Enhanced Vision System Market: Growth Analysis, Research Report , comprehensive analysis, Emerging Trends Fault-Tolerant Servers Market: Opportunity Analysis and Market Trends Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Login All Reviews Editorials News Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Tips macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions Podcasts OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 Apple's Big WWDC Keynote Plans, Siri Speaker vs Sonos - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-01 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → Predictions About Apple’s WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable John Martellaro @jmartellaro 4 minute read Jun 2nd, 2017 4:41 PM EDT | Particle Debris There is a perspective that says it’s pointless for the pros to predict what Apple will say in the WWDC Keynote, but it’s just plain wrong. Of course, no one can know the future. And there have been some spectacular flubs when it comes to predicting the elements of the WWDC keynote. So why do we journalists bother? The authors of the book The Cluetrain Manifesto point out that “markets are conversations.” When informed, expert journalists talk about what Apple might discuss at the keynote, they’re not padding themselves on the back with their acumen at prognostication. Instead, as I wrote this week, they’re building on a collective, community knowledge base about what they and their readers would like to see from Apple. Sometimes those wishes are self-serving in that they tantalize the reader with a juicy headline. The conceit that the reader may find out something delicious about Apple’s plans is a powerful one. In practice, we know better. In general, the predictions by expert journalists is mostly a reflection of what they’ve learned from their readers and perhaps podcast guests since the last WWDC. This conversation can contain valuable insights for Apple, if it has a mind to listen. Of course, the other side of that coin is the legacy of Steve Jobs. We are also fond of the notion that Apple knows what we need before we know it ourselves. When the One More Thing is revealed, we gasp and declare: “Of course! Wow!” But we must also recall that the One More Thing surprise was one method Steve Jobs used to bring a company back from the dead. Today, Apple is thriving and successful. It has entered a mature stage. And, in that maturity, it’s also important for Apple to listen to customer needs even as it relentlessly moves technology forward. So when you read really great articles like “WWDC 2017: Apple Has a Lot to Talk About This Year,” by Jonny Evans and “Here’s What to Expect at Apple’s WWDC 2017 Keynote,” by Jeff Gamet, don’t focus on how wrong they might be. Instead, take these thoughts as inspiration to help you formulate your own directions and needs. And then see how those personal reflections fit with Apple’s actual keynote. In some cases, Apple will surprise. In some cases, it will disappoint. But our wisdom and perspectives evolve in the process. Next Page: The News Debris For The Week Of May 29th. Net Neutrality is dead. Time to mourn. The Mac Observer's WWDC 2017 coverage sponsored by: Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Net Neutrality, Steve Jobs, WWDC, wwdc2017 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards A Bezel-less iPhone 8 Will Change How Photos Look Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Apple Opens Up Swift Playgrounds to Drones, Robots, Musical Instruments: LEGO MINDSTORMS, Sphero, Parrot Recent Tips See All » macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Archiving Old Contacts Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 18293 John Martellaro columns-opinions 0 1496421672 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/what-to-expect-from-apples-monday-keynote-1496433002 Hot Stocks What to Expect from Apple’s Monday Keynote During WWDC, Apple is likely to announce a new Siri-controlled speaker, new operating systems for the iPhone and Mac, and a new MacBook. By Emily Bary June 2, 2017 3:50 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Get ready to hear about what's to come with Apple's newest mobile operating system. Illustration: Sean Gallup/Getty Images Apple is about ready to kick off its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), which is basically like summer camp for Apple geeks. The weeklong event begins Monday, and, as its name suggests, the conference is mainly geared toward software developers. But ordinary Apple fans and lots of reporters will be tuning in Monday at 1 p.m. ET for the big keynote address, when Apple is likely to make software and hardware announcements -- one of which could be an entirely new product. For Apple fans, the hope is the news will be enough to tide them over until Apple releases the next iPhone in the fall. Here’s a look at what’s likely to come out of the event. More from Barron’s Next Android vs. iOS: Are iPhones Really Safer? You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 China’s Waning Loyalty to the iPhone A Siri-controlled speaker: Apple has so far missed the boat on digital home assistants, but the company might still want a shot at the market. If Apple does indeed announce a speaker on Monday, the product will not have been a well-kept secret. There have been a swirl of reports about the device lately, including one from Bloomberg yesterday, which said that while Apple might debut a home assistant at WWDC, it won’t be ready to ship them out until later in the year. Amazon’s Echo has become the market leader in the voice assistant world, though the Google Home has its fans too. Apple has a history of being late to the game and still finding a way to take over the market -- iPods and iPhones are good examples. New software: Expect to see what’s in store for iOS 11, Apple’s upcoming mobile operating system, as well as what’s to come for macOS, the Mac operating system. RBC analyst Amit Daryanani predicts that the iOS 11 will bring “a redesigned OS interface that better accommodates features of the iPhone 8 (no physical home button, etc.).” The question is how much Apple will reveal about such elements of the software, without tipping its hat too much about upcoming hardware features. (There’s been much speculation about those, as well.) New MacBooks: Those who bought the latest MacBook Pros when they arrived last fall likely weren’t expecting that a new model would come out so soon. But alas, Bloomberg reported a few weeks back that Apple would unveil a MacBook Pro with a faster processor during WWDC. In addition, the company could come out with a new MacBook and MacBook Air, as well as an iPad upgrade. Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular What to Expect from Apple’s Monday Keynote Wall Street Can’t Stop Asking About Fidget Spinners Under Armour’s New Retail Strategy Is Winning Fans Canada Goose Scores A Direct Hit Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Apple Valley doesn't want you to read the fine print Friday Jun 2, 2017 at 2:56 PM Jun 2, 2017 at 2:56 PM By Bryen Wright The great Albert Einstein once said that the definition of insanity is doing something over and over again and expecting a different result. I’ve read all the information from both sides of the Measure F debate, and have concluded that voting No is best for my family and Apple Valley. The first thing I did was read the official materials put out by the town. “The estimated cost of the acquisition of the Apple Valley Water System could amount to $150 million.” Isn’t this amount nearly three times more than what government officials told their constituents when this started? And what do they have in mind with money they think will be left over? Save themselves from more deficit spending, the kind of thing a municipality with substandard financial management does? Sort of like in Flint, Michigan and Apple Valley? Next, the official documents state: “The maximum rate of interest to be paid on said indebtedness ($150 million) shall not exceed the maximum rate permitted by law, to wit, twelve percent (12%) per year. The actual rate or rates on said debt to be determined at or prior to the time it is incurred.” The town keeps telling us that this isn’t real because rates today are lower, but their language says the only date that matters is when the borrowing happens. Even if they are successful at winning an eminent domain verdict, that won’t be for at least two or three years, and interest rates are already going up. Voters should look closely at the Measure F fine print because that is the contract we all are signing if they agree to repay $150 million in debt by voting Yes. All the promises by town management stating publicly they will invest in lowering the bills "or" capital improvements. Which is it? Anyone would interpret this means either or. The problem with being so vague is currently we have surrounding cities not properly managing their water systems dealing with brown water, excessive pipe breakage, skimping on water testing, hidden fees/cost that residents don't see or think of and many more issues that Apple Valley residents don't have to deal with. Translating official ballot language into plain Apple Valley English, here’s what Measure F is: Measure F lets government borrow up to $150 million. Bonds would be repaid, plus interest, by ratepayers, through a new debt service fee added to your water bill. It allows government to force you to pay up to 12 percent interest (even though it should be much lower is still 100s of millions of dollars of interest only) on the $150 million, “daily, weekly, monthly or semi-annually.” Buried in the fine print is language that allows government to raid public funds, unrelated to water, to repay principal and interest. Apple Valley documents state they’re planning to charge expensive new water connection fees, increasing new home prices by tens of thousands of dollars. The town says there will be no tax increases, but that is just a smoke screen. No, it is not a tax. But it is a fee each customer will have to pay — sort of like a 30-year Mello Roos that will cost each customer between $15,000 and $18,000 over the life of the bond. Money out of our pockets. This information surprised me, because nothing coming from the supporters of Measure F discloses these facts. I then looked at research conducted by economic experts to see what they say about Measure F. I found two separate studies and read them from beginning to end. The first one was by Dr. John Husing, a local economist who has been recognized by the Town of Apple Valley as an “industry expert.” He’s been doing research here since 1962. Dr. Husing came to the following conclusion: “A look at the possible water costs for each customer from a revenue bond given these circumstances shows a high probability for significant rate increases. Even if the $150 million Measure F bond level is sufficient, it could cost customers an extra $502 or $620 per year equal to $84 or $103 per bi-monthly bill. Voters should be hesitant to take such a risk.” Then, I read a second study, conducted by Dr. Rodney T. Smith, a former professor at Claremont McKenna College, who specializes in the economics, finance and public policy of water resources. He wrote, “The data set forth in this paper demonstrate that if the town condemns Liberty Utilities Apple Valley by eminent domain, higher water rates for town residents are a virtual certainty for decades to come. If the goal of acquiring Liberty Utilities Apple Valley is to charge lower water rates, then the effort should be abandoned because that goal is not a feasible outcome.” Dr. Smith concluded that customer water bills would increase by $538 annually if Measure F passes. Remember my point about insanity? The reality is that every economic expert who has looked at Measure F agrees that it will cost Apple Valley families a lot more money and that the debt will be passed on to our children and grandchildren. I’m sure we’ll be hearing a lot of campaign rhetoric between now and Election Day, but none of it changes what Measure F actually does. If you vote Yes, you’re agreeing to pay at least $500 more every year on your water bill to repay $150 million in debt. That’s why our family is voting No. Measure F is debt Apple Valley doesn’t need and a debt that we cannot afford. Bryen Wright is an Apple Valley resident who ran for Town Council in 2016. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Supply Chain > Coming Full Circle: Four Ways to Fully Capitalize on Circular Supply Chains Coming Full Circle: Four Ways to Fully Capitalize on Circular Supply Chains Jun 2, 2017 Sudipta Ghosh and Harry Morrison, Accenture Strategy EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Manufacturers like Apple, Caterpillar and Dell are showing the value that can be gained from making circularity a core tenet of business strategy. Advertisement The pace at which companies are adopting circular economy business models has been accelerating for the last two decades—and it has evolved from a specialist concept to a mainstream business strategy. Accenture Strategy recently surveyed more than 500 manufacturing companies with revenues greater than $1 billion, and found that more than 90% said they are implementing circular business models. And nearly all larger product-based companies say they’ve put in place circular supply chains for material recovery and recycling. But too often, programs remain “skin deep.” The vast majority of companies are utilizing circularity in principle, but they are failing to capture the full potential of the approach. As we look ahead to the next wave of circular business models, and as innovation continues to uncover brand-new opportunities to act sustainably and responsibly, it’s time to come full circle—transform supply chain operations and company cultures to build a network of partners, suppliers and markets that fully capitalize on circularity.   Circling Success Accenture Strategy research found that, when it comes to the elements of circular supply chains that companies are prioritizing, recycling comes out on top. But while recycling wasted materials across a company’s operations is certainly a step in the right direction, it is low-hanging fruit that only scratches the surface when it comes to squeezing value out of the circular economy. When looking at the adoption of deeper circular economy strategies—where companies are reusing or refurbishing materials they’ve recaptured at the end of life—there is significant room for improvement. While nearly all companies report products are returned for reuse or refurbishing, 75% ultimately destroy 45-75% of the recaptured products—losing all the embedded value.  And while 92% of companies surveyed say they are geared up for product life extension, only 30% to 40% are actually doing it. The survey reveals that many companies are adopting circular economy strategies because of competitive pressure, such as if a low-cost rival offers a similar part, or due to warranty issues—not with the intention of bringing large-scale change to the business by putting circularity at the forefront of supply chain operations. So most efforts don’t decouple production from primary resource use. Not only is this leading to sizable losses in cost savings and efficiencies, but it is also resulting in missed opportunities to unleash growth and profitability across the business.   First Movers Reap Significant Value Meanwhile, success stories show that first movers who go beyond basic recycling in favor of deeper, strategic approaches are achieving significant business value. For instance, Apple took quick action when it found that a number of low-cost competitors were refurbishing their iPhone products and reselling them in Asia. Rather than give up this market segment, Apple jumped right on board, refurbishing their products (even the iPhone 7) and selling them at a lower price to Asian consumers. Other recent company initiatives also reveal a promising path ahead for circular models—and underscore that the opportunity to replicate these models elsewhere is now unprecedented. More and more, companies are announcing zero waste goals—and changes to the entire supply chain function rather than just individual projects. One company that has successfully embraced the full circle approach to waste elimination in its supply chain is Dell. Dell manufactures products from plastics recovered from its own computer products—recapturing plastics in a closed-loop fashion to use in the production of new products. This results in a smaller carbon footprint and a reduction in manufacturing costs. Caterpillar’s Cat Reman program is another bright star in the full circle approach. The program offers customers the option of buying parts that have been refurbished from existing equipment to a “same as new” standard. And this means that the environment also wins. CAT recycles 134 million pounds of material annually and is approaching “zero landfill” status. There is other promising news in store—traditional barriers to adopting circular as a business strategy are quickly falling. That’s in large part thanks to digital technologies such as analytics, the Internet of Things (IoT) and sensors, which are helping to eliminate hurdles in operational issues such as sorting materials and recapturing them. Materials can be traced, while loops can be closed. Accenture Strategy research found that 90% of companies believe digital technology has facilitated their ability to implement operational changes to deliver circular supply chains, product life extension or waste-to-value capabilities. In short, digital has eradicated any “excuses” for not acting.   Coming Full Circle To capture the full potential of the circular economy in supply chain operations, companies need to pursue higher—and often more complex—value initiatives. To do that, successful companies should follow these four steps: 1. Focus on driving circular business models to capture the full value of the opportunity. At any given point in time, $7 trillion worth of passenger cars are unused around the world. It’s a staggering opportunity—one that was recognized by Daimler through its subsidiary car2go. To act on something this big, it takes an expanded vision of circular that goes beyond recycling and prioritizes quantifying the full value of the opportunity for a circular transformation. 2. Break down silos. Circularity can be disruptive to any organization – requiring both strategic collaboration with suppliers and across functions such as R&D, procurement, supply chain, manufacturing and marketing. Corporate barriers are the reason why too many companies stop at recycling, which can be accomplished within a single functional silo. Companies that will gain the greatest value from circular will be those that look for opportunities that impact the very core of their operating models as well as seek to build a network of partners—both inside and outside of the company. 3. Start the circle from the top. Leadership at the very top of the company must create business imperatives, cultural changes and governance to promote circular objectives—as well as integrated goals and metrics. That requires taking traditional metrics—such as EBITDA and gross margin—and blending them with new metrics aimed at measuring the effectiveness of circularity. These include take-back quantities, the degree to which materials were effectively refurbished or reused, and resource productivity. 4. Leverage digital. Technologies, such as the IoT, radio-frequency identification (RFID) and analytics, are critical for embedding circularity across operations and company networks to increase the ability to track resources, and to monitor things like utilization and waste capacity. Digital allows companies to have a much more granular understanding of the value of materials, and to gauge the condition of assets and products—determining when they’ll need service or replacement, for example. Gaining these capabilities is quickly becoming “table stakes” to engage in a fuller circular economy supply chain. The circular economy is gaining real traction in the supply chains of most major product-based companies. Leaders in circularity spanning Apple, Caterpillar and Dell are showing first-hand the tremendous value that can be gained from making circularity a core tenet of business strategy. Once companies move beyond low-hanging fruit and adopt deeper circular business models through the four strategies outlined above, they’ll find unexpected benefits.   Sudipta Ghosh is a managing director focused on operations strategy at global consulting firm Accenture Strategy. Harry Morrison is a managing director focused on sustainability at Accenture Strategy. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Who’s Taking Responsibility for Your Supply Chain? Sustainability Starts with the Supply Chain 3 Justice Department Says Apple Led 'Deliberate' E-book Scheme The 100 Percent Solution 1 Purpose-Driven Capitalism Supply Chain Category Sponsored by Arcbest Logistics doesn’t have to be complicated. Welcome to Simplistics™. Welcome to ArcBest℠. With decades of industry expertise, we can handle even the most complex challenges seamlessly and simply. www.arcb.com/simplistics THE LATEST Coming Full Circle: Four Ways to Fully Capitalize on Circular Supply Chains Germany Finds Emission-cheating Gear on 24,000 Audis in Europe Slower Hiring, Unemployment Drop Give Mixed U.S. Labor Signs Honeywell Faces EU Antitrust Complaint for Car Coolant The Harry Potter Problem: Define the Why to Succeed With Your Machine Learning Project The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 30, 2017 News Skilled Worker Shortage Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage 5 Wally Palen saw a spate of retirements coming, and knew he had to plan ahead or end up in hot water....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek The Tech Column: The Future of 3-D Printing How to Set Up a Lean Factory That Works, Part 1 Electric Cars Soon Will Cost Less Than Gasoline Autos, Research Shows Preparing for Manufacturing’s Future with Industry 4.0 Toyota Kentucky Tackles a Tool-and-Die Worker Shortage IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Solving Your Top 5 Manufacturing Issues -- with Data Navigating the World of Regulation and Compliance How To Power Smarter Growth Through Spatial Insights Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers 5 Ways Cloud-Based ERP Makes Reshoring Easier and More Profitable Top 10 OSHA Violations and How to Avoid Them Manufacturers Weigh In On Key Issues Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support More   Advertisement More from MH&L Global Supply Chain Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Apple is reportedly paying the public to help improve Apple Maps Apple is reportedly paying the public to help improve Apple Maps by Chris Smith 9 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Apple is reportedly paying freelancers to help improve its homegrown Maps app. According to French blog iGeneration (via 9to5Mac), Apple is paying people 54¢ (about 40p) every time they accurately confirm or correct a place location within the app. The attacks could be as simple as heading to their nearest McDonald’s to verify the location on Apple Maps. Apple is finding those folks through a platform called TryRating. According to the report, the freelancers are able to complete up to 600 tasks a week, as long as it doesn’t exceed 20 hours of work. Apple Maps has improved dramatically since its calamitous debut back in 2012 with iOS 6, when it, among other things, directed drivers onto runways and lost the Statue of Liberty. However, Google Maps is still seen as as the best on the block. Speaking of Google, it's the second time this week one of its rivals is offering money to assist in the catch-up effort. Earlier on Friday we reported Microsoft is paying people to frequent its Bing search engine instead of Google. The program, which pays out through Microsoft Bing Rewards, has now been expanded to the UK. It enables participants to earn points that can be spent on Skype credit, Groove Subscriptions and Xbox gift cards. iPhone users, do you prefer Apple Maps or Google Maps? Share your thoughts on both below. Latest Deals From Ebay APPLE IPHONE SE 16GB 64GB GSM Worldwide GSM Unlocked Smartphone $289.99 View Item NEW Apple iPhone 5C GSM Unlocked in Original Box 8 16GB 32GB $119.95 View Item Apple iPhone 6s+ PLUS 16GB 64GB 128GB GSM "Factory Unlocked" Smartphone Phone $464.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 2 Top Dividend Stocks in Information Technology Singing the income-investing praises of IT stocks Apple and Cisco Systems. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Jun 2, 2017 at 4:58PM Though dividends are more associated with growth companies, the tech industry has seen a number of its largest players become dividend dynamos in recent decades. Powered by cash-cow business models, mature information-technology names such as Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) offer income investors compelling mixes of historical cash distributions, current yield, and dividend growth potential. These two aren't the only appealing dividend opportunities in the sector, but let's see what makes them some of the more compelling dividend stocks in IT today. Apple The world's largest technology company has had a capital-return program only since 2012, but its potential for sustained dividend growth is perhaps the most impressive in its industry. The key to Apple's dividend potential lies in its high-margin products, including the iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Consider, for example, that research firm Strategy Analytics recently estimated that Apple captured 79.2% of the operating profit in the global smartphone industry in 2016. That means massive cash flows for the Mac maker, and it's part of the reason Apple has accumulated a mind-boggling $158 billion in net cash  as of its most recent quarterly report. Moreover, the launch of the highly anticipated iPhone 8 later this year is likely to trigger an upgrade cycle that should drive record earnings and further fill Apple's coffers. Potential moves into massive global markets, including healthcare,    augmented reality,  virtual reality,  and smart homes,  should serve as future catalysts to drive sustained growth for Apple. So while Apple's shares yield just 1.48% today, the company's winning business model, strong leadership, and globally recognizable brand should facilitate consistent dividend growth for investors well into the future. Image source: Getty Images. Cisco Systems Paying much more than Apple shares today, router giant Cisco Systems  stands well above the S&P 500's 1.9% current yield, with its 3.4% showing. Like the Mac maker, Cisco is in the early stages of its dividend history, but its initial progress has been impressive. Since initiating its cash distributions in 2011, Cisco has raised its annual dividends per share from a $0.24 starting point to $1.04 last year. That progress translates into a compound average growth rate of 28% per annum. The company already increased its quarterly dividend for 2017 by $0.03 per share to $0.29,  further extending the company's perfect streak of consecutive annual increases. Better still, all signs suggest that Cisco will be able to maintain its impressive dividend performance in future years. Cisco's payout ratio currently stands at 54% of net income, and it carries $35.5 billion in net cash on its balance sheet. Those stats alone suggest that Cisco can continue to increase its dividend payments for many years. Being at the heart of one of tech's largest trends should also drive Cisco's results higher in the years to come. Its routers make it a likely beneficiary of the continued rise of the Internet of Things, which the company has estimated should develop into a $19 trillion  market over the next 10 years. But even if that estimate proves to be too optimistic, Cisco has enough going for it that it should still be able to support sustainable dividend growth over the long term.   Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Jun 2, 2017 at 4:58PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Cisco Systems NASDAQ:CSCO $31.98 up $0.16 (0.50%) Read More Now’s the Time to Buy These Hated Tech Stocks What’s the Deal With Apple Inc.'s 12.9-Inch iPad Pro? 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Cisco Scooping Up Viptela: The Bargain of 2017? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 2 Top Dividend Stocks in Information Technology @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $CSCO
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Samsung Galaxy Book: The Gizmodo Review Smart Home & Gadgets BeBop's Smart Fabric VR Gloves: Rubbing Fake Stuff Has Never Felt Better NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks The Best Fidget Spinner Has An Animated Cat Inside Mobile Researchers Used Rideshare Service To Test A Stingray-Detecting Device  Let's Take This iPhone Case All The Way To The US Supreme Court $70 Billion Has Been Earned On The App Store Since Launch The BlackBerry KeyOne Will Hit Australia Next Month Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online Behind The Scenes At Russia's State Propaganda Machine Facebook Really Wants You To Say 'Hello' To Your Friends Wollongong Is Getting 1Gbps Internet Plans For $130 A Month Tesla Fires Female Engineer Who Alleged Sexual Harassment And Wage Discrimination Science & Health The Moon's South Pole May Be Icier Than We Realised Physicists Just Spotted Gravitational Waves Again, So What's Next? Nike-Funded Study Shows Compression Tights Are Basically Useless Dozens Of Cities And States Are Initiating Rogue One, Planning To Independently Rejoin The Paris Agreement  Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games 20 T-Rexes Fighting 10,000 Chickens Is All I Ever Wanted In A Jurassic Park Sequel Of Course the New Star Trek RPG Comes In A Borg Cube Box Entertainment Watch These NSFW Deadpool Bloopers While We Wait For The Sequel There's Some Confusion As To When A Wonder Woman Sequel Would Be Set Beauty And The Beast Deleted Scene Reveals One Very Unlucky Servant Got Turned Into A Toilet The Flash Might Have Found Its Next Big Bad Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment What To Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker And MacBooks The Paris Agreement Is Not An Anti-American Conspiracy B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Companies Think President Trump's Withdrawal From The Paris Accord Is Stupid Matt Novak Jun 3, 2017, 7:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple climate agreement climate change donald trump google jack dorsey mark cuban paris accord president trump tim cook video feature Share President Donald Trump stood up in front of the world yesterday and withdrew the United States from the Paris Accord, a global agreement to combat climate change. The agreement had nearly universal support, but Trump said withdrawing is good for American business. But American business leaders disagree. President Donald Trump demonstrates for the cameras how little thought he gave to withdrawing the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images) CEOs from companies in practically every sector of American life issued statements yesterday denouncing Trump's decision. Business leaders such as Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Robert Iger even signalled that this was the last straw, and announced that they'd no longer act as advisers to the US president. Even before Trump's decision yesterday, the Paris Accord had broad support in the business community. On 26 April 2017 a group of companies wrote an open letter to the president, asking him to stay in the agreement. Companies as diverse as Walmart and DuPont and Intel all signed the letter. Even energy companies like ExxonMobil, Shell and Chevron also implored Trump not to drop the Paris Accord in the lead up to yesterday's announcement from the White House Rose Garden. But he didn't listen. Members of the Trump regime clap along like subservient children as President Donald Trump announces America's withdrawal from the Paris Accord (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) Below we have a list of the companies that have thus far reacted directly to Trump's decision. We can only imagine that this list will continue to grow in the coming weeks. Twenty years from now, we have no idea what the defining moment of Trump's shameful presidency will be. But with climate change already impacting the world in disastrous ways, his decision to needlessly shun the environment should at least crack the top 10. But who knows? Trump still has so much time to inflict very real damage on both the United States and the rest of the world — a world that increasingly sees America as a joke that elected a neo-fascist reality TV star as its president. Donald Trump, Peter Thiel and Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple during a meeting with technology executives at Trump Tower, 14 December 2016 (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) Apple "We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that's good for our planet and makes good business sense as well," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement. "We will keep working toward the ambitious goals of a closed-loop supply chain, and to eventually stop mining new materials altogether. Of course, we're going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy. And we will keep challenging ourselves to do even more." Co-founder and CEO of Box Aaron Levie speaks on stage on 10 November 2015 in New York City (Photo by Brad Barket/Getty Images for Fast Company) Box "Trump believes everything is a negotiation. But America's reputation and trust around the world can't be negotiated, it's earned. Or lost," tweeted Box CEO Aaron Levie. CEO of Cargill David MacLennan speaks at the 2016 Concordia Summit on 20 September 2016 in New York City (Photo by Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for Concordia Summit) Cargill "Signing the accord means being a champion for US economic growth and job creation," Cargill CEO David MacLennan told the Financial Times. "If the US exits international accords like the Paris agreement it will negatively impact trade, economic vitality, the state of our environment and relationships among the world community." Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban on 19 October 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) Dallas Mavericks "Sorry. It hurts to see this coming from a foreign leader and not our @potus. He just trolled our entire country," tweeted Mark Cuban, referring to a tweet from French president Emmanuel Macron. pic.twitter.com/3g5LYO9Osj — Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) June 1, 2017 CEO of the Walt Disney Company, Bob Iger attends the 'Beauty And The Beast' New York Screening at Alice Tully Hall at Lincoln Center on 13 March 2017 in New York City (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images) Disney "As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal," tweeted Disney CEO Robert Iger. Facebook Founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg delivers the commencement address at the Alumni Exercises at Harvard's 366th commencement exercises on 25 May 2017 (Photo by Paul Marotta/Getty Images) Facebook "Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children's future at risk," Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg said in a statement. "For our part, we've committed that every new data center we build will be powered by 100% renewable energy. Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it's too late." Jeff Immelt, Chairman and CEO of General Electric, left, talks with Medal of Honour recipient Major General James Everett Livingston during a question and answer session at the National World War II Museum in New Orleans, Tuesday, 23 April 2013 (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert) General Electric "Disappointed with today's decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government," tweeted General Electric CEO James Immelt. Lloyd Blankfein speaks onstage at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit 2016 at Ritz-Carlton Laguna Niguel on 18 October 2016 in Dana Point, California. (Photo by Joe Scarnici/Getty Images for Fortune) Goldman Sachs "Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement," tweeted Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Bankfein. Google CEO Sundar Pichai delivers the keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference at Shoreline Amphitheater on 17 May 2017 in Mountain View, California (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Google "Disappointed with today's decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all," tweeted Google CEO Sundar Pichai. IBM CEO Virginia Marie 'Ginni' Rometty (R) during a roundtable discussion on vocational training with United States and German business leaders lead in the Cabinet Room of the White House on 17 March 2017 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Pat Benic-Pool/Getty Images) IBM "IBM today is reaffirming its support for the Paris Climate Agreement and stating clearly how we will continue our decades-long work to lower greenhouse gas emissions. Our call for an international agreement on this issue is more than a decade old, and we first voiced our support for the Paris Agreement in 2015 when it was negotiated," said IBM in a statement. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich is interviewed on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, 13 March 2017. Intel will buy Israel's Mobileye in a deal valued at about $US15 billion ($20 billion), instantly propelling the computer chip and technology giant to the forefront of autonomous vehicle technology. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Intel "We operate in a global economy, and if we're not part of the global agreement on climate we are susceptible to retaliation through border taxes and other [measures]," global director of environment and energy policy at Intel, Stephen Harper, told the Financial Times. Brad Smith addresses shareholders during Microsoft Shareholders Meeting 3 December 2014 in Bellevue, Washington (Photo by Stephen Brashear/Getty Images) Microsoft "We're disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals," tweeted Microsoft president Brad Smith. Chief Executive Officer of Nike, Inc, Mark Parker speaks during the Nike Innovation For Everybody Unveiling at Skylight at Moynihan Station on 16 March 2016 in New York City. (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images) Nike "We are deeply disappointed by the recent shift in climate policy. Nike believes that climate change is a serious global threat and that the world will need to radically redesign industrial systems and economies in order to enable a low-carbon growth economy," Nike said in a statement. "We will continue to honour the core commitments of the American Business Act on Climate Change Pledge, including reaching 100 per cent renewable energy in all Nike-owned or -operated facilities around the world by 2025, participating in the U.S. Department of Energy's Better Buildings Challenge and advancing materials innovation globally." Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce, speaks at the GLAAD Gala at Metreon on 8 September 2016 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images for GLAAD) Salesforce "Deeply disappointed by President's decision to withdraw from Paris Agreement. We will double our efforts to fight climate change," tweeted Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff. Elon Musk with Donald Trump and Steve Bannon in February 2017 (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Tesla "Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," tweeted Tesla and SpaceX founder Elon Musk. CEO of Twitter and Square Jack Dorsey accepts the award for CEO of the Year onstage during the Thurgood Marshall College Fund 28th Annual Awards Gala at Washington Hilton on 21 November 2016 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Teresa Kroeger/Getty Images for Thurgood Marshall College Fund) Twitter "This is an incredibly shortsighted move backwards by the federal government. We're all on this planet together and we need to work together," tweeted Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey. Comments Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 02 Jun 2017 8:15 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. The Climate Deniers Have Won Sidney Fussell 02 Jun 2017 6:00 AM At President Trumps' behest, the US is joining Syria and Nicaragua in abdicating from the Paris Agreement, a coalition of 147 nations to combat climate change by reducing carbon emissions. While Trump faced heavy international pressure to remain within the agreement, from the Pope during his trip to the Vatican, China's President Xi and European leaders during the G7 summit, the GOP overwhelmingly opposed Paris from the get-go. EPA head Scott Pruitt has long argued that the United States' emissions reduction goal under Paris weakened the US economy. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 The Climate Deniers Have Won 3 Physicists Just Spotted Gravitational Waves Again, So What's Next? Researchers Used Rideshare Service To Test A Stingray-Detecting Device  Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games BeBop's Smart Fabric VR Gloves: Rubbing Fake Stuff Has Never Felt Better Spidey Battles Scorpion In The First Footage From The New Spider-Man Cartoon Pirates Say Rime's DRM Slows Down The Game, But Denuvo Denies It Valve Announces $US100 Steam Direct Fee For Indie Games One Year Later, Did Nintendo Keep Their E3 2016 Promises? Confused About Changes To School Funding? Here's What You Need To Know How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle The Benefits And Risks Of Lucid Dreaming Take an inside look at the US offices of Facebook, Twitter, and 9 more high-profile employers 4 books that show how radically different the planet could look by the end of the century Trump reportedly signals he won't try to block James Comey's testimony Eerie never-before-seen photos from inside one of Chicago's abandoned malls © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 975.60 8.65 9to5Toys Lunch Break: ZTE Axon Pro 32GB $180, Microsoft 12-inch Surface Pro $660, 13-inch MacBook Air $760, more Stephen Hall - Jun. 2nd 2017 1:36 pm PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: 9to5Rewards: Monoprice Tube Amp Bluetooth Speaker System [Giveaway] Review: Logitech’s K840 is an affordable gateway to mechanical keyboards Polk MagniFi One Sound Bar w/ Wireless Subwoofer $150 shipped (Reg. $300) Samsung Portable T3 500GB External Solid-State Drive: $160 (Reg. up to $200) Nintendo unveils the very first special edition Switch console JLab FLEX Over-Ear Headphones for iOS/Android $28 (Reg. up to $80) The Bean 3D Printer is priced low with the consumer in mind Samsung’s new Connect Home mesh wireless system is available for pre-order Sunday Akai Wireless 25-Key MIDI Keyboard for Mac and iOS: $75 shipped Ryobi’s Cooler will keep both you and your drinks chilled this summer Huawei 42mm Stainless Steel Smartwatch for $155 shipped (Refurb, Orig. $300) Jawbone’s BIG JAMBOX Bluetooth Speaker is still a solid buy at $65 (cert. refurb) Control your outlets with your smartphone for as little as $18 w/ these smart plugs Wonder Woman Complete TV Series Download $25, $8 Movie Ticket Credit, more Honeywell Quietset 8-Speed Tower Fan for $45 shipped (Reg. $60) OxyLED USB Rechargeable LED Headlamp for $9 (Reg. $20) Victorinox’s gorgeous wood handle Swiss Army Huntsman Knife: $28 shipped Green Deals: Mpow Outdoor LED Solar Lights from $11, more Wired, Pop Science, Dwell, Bon Appetit & GQ magazines under $5/yr, more ZTE Axon Pro 32GB 4G Android Smartphone (unlocked) now $180 shipped Microsoft 12-inch Surface Pro 4 2.4GHz/4GB/128GB goes to $660 (Reg. $850) Apple 13-inch MacBook Air gets a $239 price drop, now $760 shipped Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pro 512GB gets a nearly $400 discount for Memorial Day Pagico 8.7 for Mac Helps You Focus on the Task at Hand: $20 (Orig. $50) Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi + LTE 32GB $579 shipped (Reg. $729) Apple’s Great Games for $1 Sale: BADLAND, Assassin’s Creed, many more Sid Meier’s Pirates! now matching lowest price ever on App Store: $5 (Reg. $15) Star Knight’s action-platforming drops to just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $3) Infinity Dungeon Evolution for iOS is now available for free (Reg. $1) Slayaway Camp and its Minecraft-like horror gets very first price drop: $2 Assassin’s Creed Identity for iOS drops to just $1 (Reg. $5) The Robot Factory for iOS goes free for very first time (Reg. $4) Review: VAUX Speaker brings improved sound, portability, and simplicity to the Echo Dot Hands-on: Logitech’s new MX Master 2S Mouse w/ Flow is remarkable Review: RDS Nintendo Switch case offers protection from bumps while on-the-go 9to5Rewards: Sphero’s Star Wars BB-8 smartphone-controlled droid [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: T-Mobile offers a free iPhone SE with purchase of iPhone 7/Plus on installment plans Daily Deals: Drobo 5D 5-bay NAS $469, LG 43-inch Smart 4K Ultra HDTV $420, more Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Sid Meier’s Railroads!, Camera+, more Today’s Best Game Deals: Far Cry Primal $20, MGS V + WWE 2K16 $18, more Marvel Digital Comics on Kindle from $1 at Amazon Linksys AC1750 Smart 802.11ac Wi-Fi Router $40 (Cert. Refurb, Orig. $127) Olala MFi 6000mAh Power Bank w/ built-in Lightning cable $21, more Nintendo, PlayStation, adidas & Uber gift cards get rare 10% price drop Vantrue discounts its X1 1080p Car Dash Cam to $72 (Reg. $90), more Philips Norelco 6800 w/ charger stand + travel pouch $65 (Reg. $85+) Today’s Amazon Gold Box has Easton Baseball Bats up to 50% off, from $67 Runner’s World Magazine: 1 yr for $5.50 or 2 yrs for $10 (Reg. up to $40) Magformer Walking Robot Toys up to 50% off, today only at Amazon Mongoose 24V Electric Mini Bike for kids $199 shipped (Reg. $250) Pick up a new Marriott Mattress Pad for as little as $59, today only at Amazon Dock and charge your Apple Watch on Aukey’s $6 Stand (Reg. up to $13) Pad & Quill leather/wood iPhone 7 cases up to 20% off, starting from $40 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Tinboard electric skateboard sports premium features at an affordable price LEGO is now taking preorders for its Boost robotic kits arriving in August Tablo upgrades its Dual OTA DVR with on-board storage, smaller footprint New Pokémon game for iOS/Android with Nintendo integration coming soon LEGO reels in new 2,000 piece Old Fishing Store kit coming this fall EverSleep iOS-connected wearable diagnoses sleep issues without a hospital stay ASUS unveils 35-inch curved gaming monitor with 200Hz refresh rate Prynt Pocket lets you print photos from your iPhone like a Polaroid camera Pedego’s Airstream eBike is just as feature-packed as it is stylish How-to build your very own LEGO fidget spinner DEWALT overhauls Bluetooth Connect system w/ new tools, trackers, more Gogoro’s second gen electric scooter has a lower price, same power Pokemon’s Magikarp Jump splashes onto iOS and Android for worldwide release Makerball is a DIY Pinball Machine that is completely customizable IK Multimedia debuts new beast Mac synth w/ Moog, Prophet, Oberheim sampler-instruments 8Bitdo rolls out free Nintendo Switch support for all its retro-style controllers Two:35 is a computer building kit for kids that can actually get them certification DJI’s new $499 Spark drone offers gesture controls, compact design [Gallery] Sphero unveils iOS-controlled Lightning McQueen racer for $300 BIKI is an underwater 4K camera drone that can go wherever you swim Belkin intros new line of compact Pocket Power banks starting at $20 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Apple’s AirPort Express Base Station adds AirPlay to your speakers for $69 Twelve South BookArc möd MacBook Stand drops to $40 (Reg. $60) Twelve South’s HiRise Stand for Apple Watch now $20 AUKEY Mechanical Keyboards 30% off: starting at $25 shipped Mighty Mac App Bundle includes $130 worth of productivity software for FREE Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! Nintendo Pokémon GO Plus Bluetooth Bracelet: $29.50 Amazon Digital Films at $5 ea: Zombieland, many more Anker Bolder Rechargeable LED Flashlight combo for $30 Amazon’s #1 best-selling First Aid kit $11.50 BenQ MH530 1080p Home Theater Projector: $380 Pasonomi 3D VR Headset for iPhone and Android $9 Red Robin 35% off pick-up orders with coupon code Buy any sub at Jersey Mike’s and get one free Cree 40W A19 Dimmable LED Light Bulb $1.50, more Vanture iPhone/Android Car Mount $8 (Reg. $13), more Klipsch RB-10 Bookshelf Speakers drop to $70 (Reg. $90) Score a 1-month Free DirecTV Now trial Kindle First June eBook freebies from Amazon Sears gift card: $100 for $85 with free email delivery (15% off) Saucony Running Shoes today only at Amazon up to 50% Off: $60 shipped Ecurfu Emergency Weather Radio w/ Smartphone Charger, more for $14 Amazon takes up 29% off PORTER-CABLE tools: 20V Combo Kit $369, more Stanley FatMax Xtreme 55-120 FuBar III – $59 shipped (Reg $75+) West Bend Stir Crazy 6-Quart Electric Popcorn Popper for $15 Rubbermaid Folding Laundry Hamper for just $12 Prime shipped Tokaido Strategy Board Game for iOS hits lowest price ever: $3 (Reg. $6) The Complete Calvin and Hobbes Paperback Box Set: $50 shipped Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars MOBILE Latest iPhone 8 leak looks like crap Harrison Weber@harrisonweber June 2, 2017 1:39 PM We don’t know how Apple plans to redesign the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus, or whatever Apple plans to call its next two (or three) phones. But there is an eclectic assortment of hints to go on just three days before Apple’s annual developer conference. Let’s review: Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone is the flagship investors have pined for. It’s apparently tailor-made for augmented reality. There will be a slimmer bezel — but how slim? It’s coming in June — or this fall, or even 2018. It’s gonna be totally clear — no, no, no. It could charge wirelessly? And most pressing: Apple magically slipped its Touch ID fingerprint scanner beneath the glass, under the screen itself — very cool! Or maybe not: A new leak suggests otherwise. Images from iPhoneros reinforce an earlier rumor that Apple has totally given up and decided to slap its fingerprint scanner on the iPhone 8’s butt. Let’s rephrase that statement as a question: Is Jony Ive trying to get fired? As 9to5Mac reports, this may just be one of many design variations Apple has tested recently, while the company figures out its production plans for the device. Apple, please don’t let this be your big update after three whole years. Let it be a fake. Just, no. VB Recommendations Sega is adding VR to its flagship arcade in Japan Apple’s Siri is expected to remain limited to a small set of tasks Pixar veteran creates A.I. tool for automating 2D animations
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Yesterday AAPL: 155.45 2.27 Review: Satechi Type-C Pro Hub, the hub Apple should have made Greg Barbosa - Jun. 2nd 2017 1:01 pm PT @gregbarbosa MacBook Pro Reviews Satechi View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit When Apple unveiled the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, I wasn’t so sure I was ready to go all-in on USB-C. I’m not against using dongles, but the idea of having to carry multiple around was not appealing. After spending a week with the Satechi Type-C Pro Hub, it has quickly become a staple accessory for me. With its functionality, design, and construction, Satechi built a hub I would expect out of Apple. The Satechi Type-C Pro Hub is an answer to the lack of port diversity in the latest MacBook Pro lineup. While some users of the 2016 MacBook Pro may feel that USB-C doesn’t inconvenience them at all, the ability to plug in multiple devices with the hub is very useful. Thanks to the power that USB-C provides, the Pro Hub only requires two USB-C ports to add a host of I/O options to a 2016 MacBook Pro. How well built is the Pro Hub? Satechi sent me a Type-C Pro Hub to test, and I was immediately impressed with the hub’s build quality. The Pro Hub’s refined aluminum-body construction feels like a solid, well-built slab of metal in hand. It’s reminiscent of the aluminum Apple TV remotes. The body of the Pro Hub and its USB-C connectors didn’t easily flex under pressure, something that I’m sure will contribute to its longevity. How’s the design? The Pro Hub features an unobtrusive LED indicator on its side, and rounded edges on all four corners. The Satechi branding and required FCC logos are printed visibly on the device, but because I keep my Pro Hub plugged into the left side of my MacBook I never seen them. My particular Pro Hub is the Space Gray variant, which closely matches the Mac’s color. In use The Satechi Hub comes with a Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C port. These almost identical ports have different levels of functionality, making me wish that Satechi added some marking to help clarify which one is which. I often found myself plugging in my power cable into the USB-C port, forgetting that only the Thunderbolt 3 was capable of drawing in the charge. I didn’t think I would end up using the microSD or SD card reader often, but now that I have them, I’ve been using them to transfer photos from my DSLR often. They’re built solidly enough that I don’t have to guess whether I plugged them in properly or not. After using the Pro Hub through twelve-hour days, everyday for a week, I’ve only discovered one issue. My Logitech MX Master’s Unifying receiver didn’t function well with the Pro Hub. Whenever switching to the Unifying receiver instead of using Bluetooth, I’d notice my mouse skipping across the screen and losing its connection often. This doesn’t happen with the other hubs and dongles I’ve used, and it ended up being the only issue I could find with the Pro Hub. Verdict Outside of the Unifying receiver issue, I could see potential buyers objecting to the higher price point. At $99.99 it’s easy to want to fall back to cheaper options, but I think you’ll be hard pressed to find anything of the same quality for less. The Satechi Pro Hub really has become as much of a staple in my bag as my power adapter. I take it with me everywhere my Mac goes; not because I’ll need to use all the ports it has, but because it has all the ports I could need. As long as Apple provides two USB-C ports in its MacBook Pros, I’ll be taking the Satechi Type-C Pro Hub with me. It truly feels like an accessory Apple could’ve built and sold in its own stores instead of the expensive dongles they offer now. The Satechi Type-C Pro Hub is available now from Amazon for $99 in both Space Gray and Silver. Note: Purchasers of USB-C connected hubs should be aware of power constraints between Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C. With the Satechi Type-C Pro Hub, and others that I’ve tested, the power cable must be plugged into the Thunderbolt 3 port if you plan to power the MacBook through the hub. If you do that, you’ll then only be able to output video using the hub’s HDMI out, or a USB-C to HDMI cable. In my current configuration, I have the power cable running through the USB-C port on the opposite side of my MacBook Pro. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Greg Barbosa @gregbarbosa Greg Barbosa is the Product Manager at Electrek, 9to5Google, 9to5Mac, and 9to5Toys and a writer for 9to5Mac. Favorite Gear iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB (Jet Black) Peel iPhone 7 Plus Case 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2.9GHz i7, 16GB RAM, Radeon Pro 460, 1TB storage) Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide Reviews All the products that the 9to5Mac team has reviewed. View THe Guide Satechi View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/einhorn-compares-gm-to-apple-and-explains-why-hes-short-tesla-1496432312 Focus on Funds Einhorn Compares GM to Apple and Explains Why He’s Short Tesla What Greenlight Capital's co-founder discussed with David Westin on Bloomberg TV Friday morning. By Crystal Kim June 2, 2017 3:38 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Greenlight Capital's David Einhorn appeared on Bloomberg TV to talk about General Motors (GM) and his plan to unlock shareholder value, yet again. Makes sense given the auto company is holding its annual meeting next week Tuesday. We'll all find out soon enough if Einhorn's proposed dual-class share will take a step forward or go by the way of his iPrefs idea for Apple (AAPL). David Einhorn, President of Greenlight Capitol Photo by TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP/Getty Images Bloomberg TV provided Barrons.com with a transcript of the video that can be seen here. Here are the highlights from Einhorn's discussion with David Westin:  How the dual-class share will unlock value It has to do with choice.  Think of it as an ice cream stand that sells just vanilla chocolate swirl.  There's some people who like vanilla chocolate swirl, and we'll call those the GM shareholders.  But if chocolate is the dividend and vanilla is the rest of the operation, imagine if you sold chocolate, vanilla, or swirl, in any combination that you want.  That ice cream stand would attract more customers. So there's people who'd be interested in the income feature of the dividends.  They would buy the dividend shares.  And those would be new participants in the market that would come in, and they would get them, we think to a seven to nine percent yield.  And similarly, there are people who are not that interested in a dividend but want just to see the stock go up.  They would buy the growth shares, the capital appreciation shares, and we think that that would trade at about the same PE as you have right now. How GM is like Apple Look, with Apple, they had a problem with capital allocation.  They were storing lots and lots of cash.  They were returning none of it to shareholders... But instead, what they did was they changed their constraint. They previously said, we're not buying back stock, and since then, they've borrowed $100 billion. They've bought back a quarter of the stock, at less than $100.  The PE net of cash has expanded from 7 to 13, in part because Apple has a better capital allocation policy today than it did before we came in. Now GM has a similar inefficient balance sheet.  They've said that there's these constraints because they want to retain all of this money for a potential rainy day.  There's several ways to get at it.  Our purpose in electing directors is to get at that problem. Why he's short Tesla Tesla is one of many things we have in what we so call our bubble basket of stocks that we just think are mispriced and are mispriced by huge, huge amounts.  And their sized in a way that gives us the ability to wait a fair amount of time to be proven right or wrong.  I think eventually, the mood of the market will change.  Eventually, the company will be called into account to demonstrate profitability.  I don't know when that will happen.  And the portfolio's positioned properly relative to the risk and the reward there. Text Size Regular Medium Large Apple General Motors Greenlight Capital Tesla Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS Energy: Downside Drama Vs Data NEXT ETF Flyers: Greek Stocks and Platinum Most Popular Arista ‘Clears the Decks’ in Cisco Patent Fight, Cheers Needham 4 Emerging Market ETF Winners: India, Greece & Turkey Top List Unscrubbed, Unloved: Dow Hits New High as Growth Concerns Grow Einhorn Compares GM to Apple and Explains Why He’s Short Tesla Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Apple’s WWDC 2017: Here’s what to expect by Bryan Clark — in Apple 495 shares On Monday, Apple will kick off its World Wide Developer Conference (WWDC) with a keynote presentation that features the company’s top brass taking the stage to make us ooh and aah over the latest and greatest in macOS and iOS — and typically tvOS and watchOS as well. The event is often all about software, but we’re hearing some rumblings that we could see some hardware news as well, perhaps in the form of a completely new product. Our best guess is the Siri speaker, which would serve as Apple’s Siri-driven smart home hub, a competitor to Google Home and Amazon Echo. Although we’ve heard rumors about a 10.5-inch iPad Pro as well. While we’re short on substantiated rumors this year, we will be on the ground covering the event live starting at 10am PT/1pm ET on Monday (June 5). But for now, here’s what we know (or think we know), based on how certain we are: Highly likely   iOS 11 iOS is rumored to receive a complete overhaul, but we doubt that’s going to happen. Instead, you should expect updates to Messages, new features in Photos, and enhanced stylus support. We’ve heard musings that apps like Mail and Safari could even use a stylus similar to Samsung’s S Pen for mobile annotations. This could be highly useful if Apple’s social network/chat app is a thing. Apple is rumored to be working on a social networking app similar to Snapchat or Instagram with an emphasis on sharing photos and video — with doodles, stickers, and the like — with friends. Adding a “dark mode” would be a big hit too. This is less a feature at this point, and more a setup for the upcoming OLED iPhone screen. Much like Apple Watch, the company could use dark mode as a way of conserving battery by not having to light all the pixels on the phone. Another rumor, which we can’t be sure about, is the rumored peer-to-peer payment system. If true, this would be Apple’s entry into a market dominated by Venmo and Square Cash, and could ultimately prove to be a huge boon to Apple Pay. An all-encompassing payment system on a mobile device is something we’ve been dreaming about for years, and this could actually be it. We can also expect some iPad Pro-specific updates. Of these, I think we’re most likely to see drag-and-drop support, better multi-tasking, and perhaps multi-user support. This is, after all, the future of computing — or so Apple says. macOS 10.13 The changes to macOS are expected to be incremental in nature, much like the past two updates. It seems we’re overdue for a game-changing new feature or perhaps a visual refresh, but it doesn’t seem as though WWDC 2017 is where it’ll happen. Instead, you can expect the usual polish feature updates and a coat of polish, although Mail seems to be the most likely native app to receive some sort of overhaul. Fingers crossed. tvOS 11 and watchOS 4 Not much going on in the rumor mill surrounding these two, although it seems likely Apple will announce it’s buried the hatchet with Amazon, and we’ll get Prime Video on AppleTV (finally). As for Watch, I’d expect additional usability upgrades to better make use of existing feature. Seems likely   Apple Music Jimmy Lovine, in an interview with Bloomberg, hinted at an Apple Music refresh that emphasizes more video content. The timing seems to measure up. Two Apple original shows are scheduled to release this year: Carpool Karaoke (August 8) and Planet of the Apps, which we’ll possibly get a launch date for on Monday. Siri speaker Apple doesn’t have a horse in the smart speaker race dominated by Amazon and Google. Plan on Tim Cook remedying that by introducing a speaker powered by none other than Siri. It’s said to feature virtual surround sound for high quality audio in smaller spaces that might not be a logical fit for a 5.1 or 7.1 surround set up. It’ll also function as a hub for HomeKit, the smart home system Apple’s been touting since last year. 10.5-inch iPad Pro This one could just as easily have gone into the next category, a section where we’re hearing a lot of buzz, but not all that sure about the legitimacy of it. Given the reliability of Apple analyst Ming Chi Kuo, I’m inclined to add it into the “likely” category. According to Kuo, Apple has been working on a 10.5-inch iPad Pro that reportedly encompasses the same footprint of the 9.7-inch version due to its tiny bezels. Whether this model is a bridge between the existing two sizes, or intended to be a replacement for one (or both) remains to be seen. Still, though, WWDC isn’t typically when we hear about new iPads, so I certainly have my reservations here. Then again, the company did release an off-schedule iPad refresh to the standard model in March, so it’s hard to say. MacBook and/or MacBook Pro I thought we’d probably see updates to the MacBook (and Pro) this fall, but it could happen at WWDC instead. If so, expect something in line with a spec bump –perhaps to new Kaby Lake processors, and the option to upgrade to 32GB of RAM — rather than new MacBooks, It’s also possible we’ll see a mid-life spec bump, and a complete refresh next spring. Possibly?   Mac Pro refresh This one is doubtful, but it’s not impossible to be a surprise move pulled off by Apple after admitting its mistake with the “trashcan” Mac Pro. I still think it’s more likely the company holds true to its word and we see this more toward the middle or end of 2018 though. MacBook Air The Air has sort of languished in a state that leads most to believe it’ll be discontinued. Some are actually larger than new MacBooks, which seems to suggest they’re no longer needed. Thing is, the MacBook Air is still selling surprisingly well, although that’s probably due to it being the only Apple laptop under $1,000. Rumors suggest it may get a spec bump to Kaby Lake and perhaps more RAM. We’d also love to see a switch to USB-C, but it doesn’t seem Apple is all that motivated to keep the Air around for the long haul, so it probably isn’t happening. But if we’re going to wish for new features, we’d be remiss if we forgot the paltry 1440×900 resolution the current Air is sporting. What is this, 2010? Probably not   iPhone SE The timing lines up perfectly to release a new iPhone SE, but it’s probably not going to happen. This fall, at the iPhone event, Apple is rumored to be releasing three new iPhones, and you’d have to assume the SE would be one of them. Plus, it’s the 10th anniversary of the mobile device, so one would assume Apple would go big here and not want to cut into sales by releasing the SE a few months before its big event. iMac The iMac is also due for an update, but it seems increasingly unlikely you’re not going to see it at WWDC. Read next: Dear Netflix, Sense8 and The Get Down deserved better cancellations AppleApple WWDCTech Share on Facebook (223) Share on Twitter (238) Bryan Clark is a reporter from San Diego, CA. Happy to hear your thoughts on bryan@thenextweb.com or @bryanclark on Twitter. Bryan Clark is the US Editor, a California resident, and a believer that the West Coast truly is the best coast. He digs web culture, social media, and inappropriate use of GIFs during otherwise serious conversation. Connect via Twitter or Facebook. Contact Mail Tweet Location San Diego, CA Posts 1408 Posts / mo. 56.56   All posts by Bryan > The latest articles around Apple Apple has the worst products, except for all the others Boris Veldhuijzen van Zanten Songwhip links to songs from Spotify, Apple Music and YouTube all at once Mix Apple veteran Marc Newson has designed a $12000 hourglass Rachel Kaser Here's some more distraction Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Green Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Lyft bests Uber (and others) in latest diversity report Rachel Kaser Donuts delivered via drone is the future we all imagined Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Why we expanded our startup to South Korea Agu De Marco 2 This fancy keyboard overlay shows all the commands you need in Vim Matthew Hughes 3 Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore 4 Facebook is letting Groups create online learning courses - what could possibly go wrong? Matthew Hughes 5 It's the end of an era, as Pinboard buys and shutters del.icio.us (UPDATED) Matthew Hughes Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Why Live Streaming is Changing The Future of Social Content George Beall 2 How Automation is Making The Sales Process Easier George Beall 3 How AI Is Changing the World of Advertising Forever George Beall 4 Facebook study shows your racist aunt might just be bored Carissa Lintao 5 Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Green Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Computer Stocks to Buy in 2017 Investors looking for a play on computers -- as well as their software and hardware -- should consider these three companies this year. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Jun 2, 2017 at 3:09PM In the first quarter of 2017 the PC market reported its first growth in the past five quarters, but just barely. PC sales, which include desktops, notebooks, and workstations, hit 60.3 million units in the first quarter, up 0.6% year over year according to research from IDC.  Despite this snail-like growth, there are still several solid opportunities for investors looking to snatch up the best computer stocks this year. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Adobe (NASDAQ:ADBE) and NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) are all longtime players in the computer market, and each is poised to benefit in its respective segment this year.  Image source: Apple. Apple Apple reported Mac unit sales of 4.2 million in its fiscal second quarter 2017, an increase of 4% year over year, and said the net revenue from those sales hit $5.8 billion, up 14% year over year. Apple's PC sales pale in comparison to its iPhone business, but that doesn't mean Apple should be written off as a solid computer investment.  Image source: Apple. Apple CEO Tim Cook said on the earnings call that its new Macbook Pro helped spur Mac revenues in the quarter, and that Mac business has generated over $25 billion of revenue over the past four quarters. "We're investing aggressively in its future, and we are very excited about the innovation we can bring to the platform," Cook added.  Apple will likely keep the good times rolling for its Macs this year when it releases updates to both the Pro and regular Macbook lineups next month. The company is expected to bring new, 7th-generation Intel Kaby Lake chips into both the Macbook and Macbook Pro lineups, which should boost processing speeds and increase battery life. Apple is the fourth-largest PC vendor in the world. It just raised it's dividend by 10.5% in the second quarter, and continues to prove that incremental upgrades to its Macs and other devices are more than enough to drive more growth from this longtime computer stock.  Abobe Pivoting to the software side of computer stocks, Adobe is a great example of a company transitioning from one-time software sales to recurring revenue through a subscription-based model -- and it's paying off enormously for the company.  Adobe just reported its strongest first quarter ever, with revenue up 21.6% year over year to $1.68 billion and GAAP net income jumping 56.7% to $254.3 million. The company's Digital-media segment, driven by subscriptions to Creative Cloud and Document Cloud, deserve most of the credit for the stellar quarter, as it grew 22% year over year.  Image source: Adobe. Even with sales of PCs slowing down, Abobe is proving there is still substantial need for creative software that users are willing to pay for on an ongoing basis. Adobe CFO Mark Garrett indicated in a press release that there's likely more for investors to look forward to this year as well. Our solid execution and business momentum combined with strong market tailwinds give us confidence in our ability to continue to deliver strong financial results. We remain bullish about our prospects for the rest of 2017 and beyond. NVIDIA NVIDIA may not be what you consider a traditional computer stock, but the company makes the vast majority of its revenue -- about 53% -- from sales of its graphics processing units (GPUs) that go into PCs, which, I think, is a solid computer stock bonafide. NVIDIA has caught the attention of investors for its growing opportunities in driverless cars and virtual reality, but the company's GPUs are also being used to power complex data centers for artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities.  Image source: NVIDIA. Intel may dominate the server business right now, but NVIDIA's chips are already helping Facebook, Alphabet, and others take the next step into visual computing and neural network learning. NVIDIA's DGX-1 supercomputer is a prime example of this -- it can learn 12 times faster than the company's previous machine learning computers.  Aside from AI computing, NVIDIA's GPUs are the go-to choice for PC makers' graphics processing needs for gaming and virtual reality. That bodes very well for NVIDIA, as IDC has noted that PC gaming growth is helping to stabilize the broader PC market and VR is shaping up to be a nearly $34 billion business by 2022.  Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Apple, Facebook, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Adobe Systems and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info Jun 2, 2017 at 3:09PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Adobe Systems NASDAQ:ADBE $143.48 up $2.10 (1.49%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $143.64 down $0.72 (-0.50%) Read More NVIDIA's Self-Driving Car Technology Wins Over Toyota Motor Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Surged Today What NVIDIA Corporation's Volta Architecture Means for Gaming 5 Reasons You Should Own at Least 1 Artificial Intelligence Stock Why NVIDIA Corporation's Volta Gaming Products Won't Use HBM2 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Top Computer Stocks to Buy in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $ADBE, $NVDA
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Mobile Technology The Essential Phone vs. iPhone 7 Will Shanklin June 2, 2017 How does Andy Rubin's Essential Phone compare to the iPhone 7? View gallery - 20 images Android co-founder Andy Rubin's The Essential Phone joins a crowded field of smartphones competing for the same Android enthusiast base of customers. Let's see how the Essential Phone compares to Apple's behemoth across the aisle, the iPhone 7. Size NEW ATLAS NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT Upgrade to a Plus subscription today, and read the site without ads. It's just US$19 a year.UPGRADE NOW Sizes aren't dramatically different, with the Essential Phone measuring 3-percent taller, 6-percent wider and 10-percent thicker. Weight The Essential Phone does, however, tip the scales at 34-percent heavier. Build Rubin says the Essential Phone is sturdier than aluminum rivals like the iPhone, with its titanium frame and ceramic back. Water resistance Even if the Essential Phone can survive drops without the use of a case, it isn't designed to withstand exposure to water. Display size The Essential Phone joins a soon-to-be-crowded group of phones with minimal bezels. Apple will join that club later this year, but for now the iPhone 7 has plenty of bezel surrounding its screen – and an inferior screen-size-to-phone-size ratio. Display resolution The Essential Phone's QHD+ screen packs in the pixels much tighter, though Apple's focus on other details (contrast, white balance, brightness) makes iPhone screen quality often transcend by a wide margin what you'd expect from their pixel counts. Processor The Essential Phone runs Qualcomm's 2017 flagship chip, the Snapdragon 835. RAM The Essential Phone doubles the iPhone's RAM, but Apple is known for doing more with less in the RAM department (in terms of how specs translate into real-world performance). Battery The Essential Phone has a much bigger battery, but with many other factors weighing into actual battery life, you can only glean so much from this. Fast charging Apple had better include fast charging in its 2017 flagships: iPhones have fallen way behind in this respect. Camera megapixels Camera quality is also impossible to determine entirely from a spec sheet; this too will need to wait for reviews. Camera aperture (rear) Apertures, which can determine the quality of low-lit shots, are very similar. Storage Apple offers three different storage tiers, while Essential sticks with one generous 128 GB option. microSD Neither has expandable storage. Fingerprint sensor Essential Phone has a fingerprint sensor on its back, while the iPhone's lives inside its home button. Headphone jack Like Apple, Essential sees the 3.5-mm headphone jack as a relic from the past. Software The Essential Phone is supposed to launch with the latest version of Android Nougat – and apparently without the custom manufacturer skins often associated with non-Pixel/Nexus Android handsets. Release You can reserve an Essential Phone pre-order now, with the first shipments scheduled to start in June. Starting price (full retail) At least on paper, the Essential Phone looks like a solid value compared to the iPhone 7 – with a much bigger screen, supposedly sturdier build and modular potential (which, right now, only includes a 360° camera). On the other hand, it's joining a group of phones already including the Google Pixel and OnePlus series that's targeting the same base of Android-enthusiast customers. And if you're invested in Apple's ecosystem and like the company's hardware-software synchronicity, it's hard to see the Essential Phone being enough to pry you away. View gallery - 20 images The Essential Phone vs. iPhone 7 1 / 20 Camera aperture (rear) Battery Build Camera megapixels Processor Dimensions Display resolution Display size Fast charging Fingerprint sensor Headphone jack How does Andy Rubin's Essential Phone compare to the iPhone 7? microSD Starting price (full retail) RAM Release Software Storage Water resistance Weight Tags #Apple #Essential Phone #iPhone 7 #Phone Comparisons #Product Comparison #Smartphones Share this article Post a comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories E3 2017: Which games are confirmed, expected or unlikely to appear? From a hobbit house to a secret bunker: The best sheds of 2017 All-electric Bison rethinks the pickup truck Startup reinvents the Wheel for hauling gear and drinks over any terrain Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Mobile Technology The Essential Phone vs. iPhone 7 Lenovo doubles down on modular with mid-ranged Moto Z2 Play Essential Phone vs. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Android founder's The Essential Phone combines top features in a bold-yet-simple way Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) vs. Surface Pro 4 HTC U11 vs. iPhone 7 Microsoft finally launches a successor to the Surface Pro 4 LG unveils the rugged, budget-friendly X venture phone HTC U11 vs. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ HTC U11 vs. LG G6 Google Lens puts AI to work identifying the world around you Amazon's new tablets add Alexa, enhanced specs Latest phone comparisons The Essential Phone vs. iPhone 7 Essential Phone vs. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ HTC U11 vs. iPhone 7 HTC U11 vs. Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ HTC U11 vs. LG G6 HTC U11 vs. HTC 10 2017 Smartphone Comparison Guide Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. Google Pixel Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. Google Pixel XL Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs. iPhone 7 Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ vs. Moto Z Editors Choice In photos: Big rigs, 4x4 retromods and other earth-eaters of Overland Expo 2017 Compare the latest tech gear World's most beautiful car up for sale The revolutionary redox system that produces and stores energy in the home Rise of the mind-reading machines Masterclass: 25 legendary cars that prove beauty is more than skin deep 2017 Smartwatch Comparison Guide Fast Radio Bursts: How close are we to decoding these strange space signals? Driving tanks and crushing cars in the woods of Minnesota The top 100 most expensive cars of all time Galaxy S8+ review: Samsung catches fire (this time, in a good way) The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
147686468041 You are viewing the current article design. GO TO NEW DESIGN Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 53° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Circus Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Father's Day Beaches Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs GiantsSports•Football Eli Apple hopes to make Landon Collins-like strides in second season Updated June 2, 2017 8:07 PM By Tom Rock  tom.rock@newsday.com Reprints + - June 2, 2017; East Rutherford, NJ, USA; New York Giants cornerback Eli Apple (24) answers questions from media during New York Giants OTA at Quest Diagnostics Training Center. Photo Credit: Noah K. Murray advertisement | advertise on newsday Eli Apple didn’t know the old Landon Collins. He wasn’t around when Collins was a rookie, at times looking overwhelmed and overmatched as a starting safety in a patchwork secondary. The only Collins he saw up close was the All-Pro version that emerged last season to become a force for the Giants’ defense while Apple himself was going through his sometimes bumpy rookie year. That doesn’t mean that Apple was unaware of the jump Collins made from his first to second year in the NFL. Latest Giants stories Tye embraces underdog role in fight for job Glauber: Enunwa a shining light from dark Idzik era Right tackle Hart dedicated to stepping up game Giants add WR Jerome Lane Brandon Jacobs renews feud with Jim Harbaugh “It was tough not to pay attention to it because that’s what everybody was talking about last year,” Apple told Newsday after the Giants’ organized team activities Friday. This year, Apple would like to follow Collins’ trajectory with his own sophomore surge. He’d like to leap from a solid but unspectacular rookie campaign to become a standard-bearer for the defense. And he’s using Collins as a bit of a road map. “You have to take a more serious approach about everything, you have to be able to be a grown man about things,” Apple said. “Landon, he does a lot of things for himself outside of football. That means getting his body right, working on recovery and stuff. That’s something I need to work on and something I’m working on now.” GiantsGiants OTAs 2017 And something he’s been working on all offseason. Training in Arizona, Apple put on nearly 10 pounds of muscle since last season ended. He was at 195 throughout college and for most of last year but now weighs 204. And while that strength will help him be a better, more physical tackler and allow him to contend with big-bodied receivers at the line of scrimmage, it has not had an adverse effect on his speed. Last week, in fact, he said the GPS chip the Giants use to track players during practices registered that he’d never been faster since joining the team as last year’s first-round pick. advertisement | advertise on newsday “It’s the truth,” he said with a grin when challenged about the reading. It was during that pace-setting practice on May 25 when Apple tweaked his hamstring, and he hasn’t been on the field with the team for any important activities since. He said he hopes to be back on the field before the offseason program ends in two weeks. Even if he’s not, his mental comfort with the defense is improving each day. “I’m 10 times ahead of where I was last year,” he said. The physical alteration, though, is what’s most noticeable at first glance. He credited the change to hard work and diet, getting rid of the junk food and telling his mother to make less fried chicken for him. But he also took it upon himself to learn how to cook a bit, took more responsibility for his actions and decisions and, as he said of Collins, tried to become “a grown man.” Apple’s physical transformation during his first offseason in the NFL also rings of Collins, although the safety lost weight instead of gaining it to come back sleeker and more agile. Giants videos None of this means that Apple automatically will follow Collins’ ascension. And he knows that. “You have to be your own self,” Apple said. “You can’t just look at one guy and be like, ‘This is how it’s going to work for me.’ But you can try to take little things that you learned from his jump and try to implement them into what you have going on.” And hopefully, Apple said, even if the paths are different, the results will be similar. Enter your email address to subscribe to Newsday's Sports Now newsletter Sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Tye embraces underdog role in fight for job Glauber: Enunwa a shining light from dark Idzik era Right tackle Hart dedicated to stepping up game Like it? Share it! By using this site, you agree to our Privacy policy. OK Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Circus Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Father's Day Beaches Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Alert 74° Full Menu Alert 74° Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Business June 02, 2017 3:42 PM Apple’s developer’s conference might highlight artificial intelligence By Seung Lee The Mercury News LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SAN JOSE, Calif. With iPhone sales slowing and the last new Apple product released two years ago, expectations are building for what the company will reveal next week at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. Some Apple watchers are counting on artificial intelligence. With Facebook, Microsoft and Google emphasizing AI in their conferences over the past two months, market analysts believe it’s Apple’s turn. As the race for artificial intelligence heats up in Silicon Valley, some say Apple is already behind the game. “If Apple skips AI, I would consider that a significant miss on their opportunity,” said John Jackson, a Boston-based analyst for IDC. “Apple is late to this game. There is no other trick up their sleeve around this.” Apple, long known for its secrecy, declined to discuss specifics of the event but emailed a statement that its global developer community has earned more than $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008. Rumors and early reports indicate the Cupertino, Calif., tech giant might release a new iPad pro, and according to Bloomberg, a Siri-controlled home speaker to challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home. Gene Munster, a venture capitalist at Loup Ventures and a longtime Apple watcher, said a home speaker would be a step in the right direction for Apple. “Artificial intelligence is fundamental to every company now,” Munster said. “We knew Apple was going to improve on Siri, and (the speaker) seems to line up. It makes logical sense.” In addition to the Siri speaker, rumors of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2, an updated MacBook Pro and a new iOS 11 have circulated on the internet. The five-day conference to be attended by more than 5,000 developers – who each paid $1,599 after winning a lottery – is moving from San Francisco to San Jose, where it will be held for the first time since 2002. Apple CEO Tim Cook will give the keynote speech Monday morning. His speech will be streamed live on Apple’s website, or through the WWDC iOS app. Some experts pushed back on the notion that Apple is behind in the AI race, saying Siri is not the only AI-driven technology built by Apple. But they acknowledged that companies like Amazon and Google have made smart AI-driven devices marketable – Google identifies itself as an AI first company – as Apple has mostly worked behind closed curtains. “For the average Joe on the street, AI for Amazon is Echo and Alexa,” said Carolina Milanesi, analyst at Creative Strategies. “Apple just chose not to label everything AI. Apple chose to let our experience with its devices speak for itself. But I think we are at a point where AI does matter in the advertising spiel.” In recent years, Apple has seen a decline in the sales of its main products, most noticeably the iPhone. Apple reported 50.8 million iPhones sold worldwide in the second quarter of 2017, down from 51.2 million a year earlier. Expectations are that Apple will unveil a new iPhone in the fall for the device’s 10th anniversary. Apple Watch, its latest product from 2015, saw its 2016 sales number double from the year before, according to Cook in the last earnings call. Apple does not release Apple Watch sales numbers, but some analysts have estimated about 12 million of the devices were sold last year. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 days ago Harry Mashburn talks about retiring 2:03 6 days ago Harry Mashburn talks about retiring 1:14 18 days ago Businesses coming and going in the Midlands this month 2:26 22 days ago Independent Fashion Retailer Ashley Barber talks LuLaRoe View More Video Business Philippine police seek casino attacker's identity 92-year-old woman sells oddities from her carnival business Oxford High junior launches company for his drones The Latest: Special counsel's Trump probe adds Manafort case New restaurant planned for Huger Street in the Vista Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple 8 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Zach Epstein BGR News June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Sure, we’ll have five fresh roundups next week that highlight each day’s best paid iPhone and iPad apps that go on sale for free. But there’s still one more post to enjoy this week, and you had better check it out now before these limited-time sales end. Don't Miss: The hot new $40 console that plays any NES game is already sold out, so get this $20 one instead These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. Orderly Normally $0.99. — Featured by Apple 2017 ‘New Apps we Love’, and now over a million satisfied users of our Apps — “Orderly is designed based on how the human-mind visualizes to-do lists !” It is a nice and incredibly easy to use to-do list app, that features a breath-taking interface, seamless cloud sync, and comes with “Location Based Reminders”, so that the users never miss a to-do task at a particular location. It is now updated with great features like unlimited categories or folders, and powerful search. Orderly displays the to-dos using the APPLE’s bookshelf metaphor, so that you get a glimpse of your to-do lists without having to open them individually. THE BEST part of the App is: * Orderly automatically prioritizes your to-do list items by moving around those sticky notes between various priorities * Key Features 1. Visual interface and layout, provides absolute ease for managing errands and chores. 2. Location based reminders, alerts you of a to-do at a particular location. 3. Auto prioritizing of to-dos. 4. Recurring to-dos. 5. Cloud sync across devices 6. Unlimited categories for to-dos. 7. Powerful search within a category or across all folders. * * * Highlights * * * * Create multiple folders and categorize the todo lists in it. * LOCATION based Alerts, reminds you of the to-do or task at the place you are in ! * Sync across multiple devices with DropBox sync * Complete to-dos with simple gestures. * Undo a completed item * Automatically prioritizes your todo based on the time and day. * Search through Archives of completed to-do lists. * Store in archive for any number of days. * Optional manual prioritization   * * GESTURES * * # Pinch to zoom out. # Swipe right to mark to-do tasks as completed # Swipe right again to undo a completed task # Swipe left to delete to-do task # Long press to delete or drag and drop to move a to-do list to a different priority # Drag and Drop on the “New” icon to create a copy. # Drag and drop on the “Flip” icon to move it to another folder. —- Orderly Premium — Orderly premium features, now has Low light mode and passcode protection enabled, as part of its In-App purchase. The cost of the In-App purchase is a one time cost of $0.99. Download Orderly iMySystem Read More Normally $0.99. iMySystem provides a wealth of information about your iOS device. Over 150 pieces of information on your device separated into the categories: DEVICE, MEMORY, NETWORK, LOCATION and MEDIA. By default, changes are automatically monitored. Share any of the information easily. Now includes photo, video, new photo and new video totals and sizes. Universal app for iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch. Buy once, run on all devices. Some of the information in each of the areas are disk space and disk spaced used, screen and device resolution, L2 Cache Size, CPU, GPU, free and used memory, WiFi or cell indication, WiFi SSID and WiFi BSSID, IP Address, Cell Address, Bonjour Services, AirPlay Services, network Tx and Rx, Street address, latitude/longitude/altitude, # apps, photos, tracks and albums, folder names used by iOS and running or being killed processes. The summary area at the top displays device type, iOS version, free memory, free disk space, # of apps installed, and whether you are on WiFi or cell. DEVICE included a ton of details on your device including model, system name, disk space, free disk space, CPU, GPU, processors, carrier and much more. MEMORY information includes wired, active, inactive, other, free, used and total memory. Also included are two graphics for live status of free and used memory. NETWORK details includes network on, wifi ssid, cell address, bonjour services, airplay services, ip address and much more. LOCATION details includes street address, latitude, longitude, altitude, direction, speed and GPS signal strength. Also included is a map of your current location. MEDIA details include number of photos, number of new photos, number of videos, number of new videos, number of tracks, number of albums and more. The bottom tab bar shows the areas of information available. Selecting a tab will display the desired information or use a left or right swipe will switch between areas. On app restart, the last selected area is shown. Click the share icon to send the displayed information to a specific service such as Facebook, Twitter, Email, Tumblr, clipboard, printer or other service. Use in app settings icon, upper left-hand corner, to turn monitoring, swiping or map auto zoom on or off. When monitoring is enabled Device, Memory, Network, Location and Media information are updated as changes occur. Download iMySystem Tumbook Normally $0.99. Tumbook is the best way to browse Tumblr photos and videos on any iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad device! NOTE:This app requires an Tumblr account to use. Features include: • Gorgeous, easy to use interface for browsing photos and videos • Quick access to your dashboard, likes & following & blogs • Tag searches to find what you’re looking for • View photosets & animated gifs • Quickly like, reblog & share • Follow & unfollow blogs • Easily look up blogs by name – Much much more! This application uses the Tumblr application programming interface but is not endorsed or certified by Tumblr, Inc. All of the Tumblr logos and trademarks displayed on this application are the property of Tumblr, Inc. Happy Tumbling :) Download Tumbook iDropLinks Normally $4.99. iDropLinks for iOS was developed in Germany and is the world’s first mobile application that allows sharing files from iCloud Drive. With iDropLinks you can easily deploy your work and files to your colleagues, friends or acquaintances by sending a download link – and the recipient user does not even need to be a iCloud Drive-user. Within this newest version of iDropLinks it’s possible to share folders from iCloud Drive and you can even protect your generated link with a password. How does sharing work? iDropLinks will ask the specific Download-Links from Apple in fractions of a second and will save them to your iDropLinks account, secured on German servers. Your shared files stay in the iCloud Drive and will not be moved to our servers. iDropLinks for iOS also includes an intuitive link-shortener, which shortens your links intelligently to a minimum. You can use the link-shortener universally in other apps, too (Extension). The app generates the download links rapidly, encrypts and stores it in your idroplinks-account, secured on German servers. iDropLinks offers the opportunity to share each created download link via dozens of interfaces, such as iMessage, Email, WhatsApp. You can resend and open links at anstimme. There is no limitation of filesize. Create groups to send links quickly and easily with just one click to your work group, your family or your company employees. If your iPhone, iPad or iPod is not at hand, you can access your shared content even through the user interface on the Web, manage content, create new links, edit and even delete them. The unique design and the intuitive user interface differs iDropLinks from any other app on the AppStore. The app does not include any additional costs and after purchase it is valid for lifetime. iDropLinks for iPhone and iPad is designed specifically for iOS. It uses 256 bit SSL encryption for all communication and stores your data (links) only accessible for you in your IDROPLINKS user account, secured and encrypted on German servers. In addition, each link is only valid for 30 days and must be regenerated after 30 days. Sharing iCloud Drive files without the iDropLinks-app is not possible, since the creation of the download links is not supported outside of the app. CORE FEATURES ● Sync with iCloud Drive * via iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac or PC ● Universal Link-Shortener * with personal- or automatic- ending * using it without opening iDropLinks (Extension) ● Sharing * via iMessage, Mail, WhatsApp, QR-Code… * send to groups ● Safe everything with a password ● Supports Touch ID   SUPPORTED FILE-TYPES ● IDROPLINKS supports all file-typet. Only file-bundles are not supported.   MORE FEATURES ● No In-App purchases ● Once purchased, valid for lifetime ● Encypted account-system ● Supports iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch ● Accesable via any webexplorer * https://idroplinks.de/manage ● Encrypted communication (256 bit AES SSL) +++ Sharing large files via cellular-connection may causes stability problems. +++ Download iDropLinks Gif Me! Camera Normally $1.99. Gif Me! is the best way to create and share short video in animated GIF or MP4. It’s easy: capture a small moment with your built in camera, and share it on social networks. You can apply an image filter too. — Features — * Capture frames with camera * Import photos from your album * Import a video file * Import a live photo * Real time color filters * Add a frame, text on the animation * Stop motion or video mode * Send by email * Share on social networks (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) * You can remove watermark in settings * You can create stop motion, time lapse, slideshow or wiggle gifs You like Gif Me!? Please give us 5 stars! Your feedback is very important to our work. Download Gif Me! Camera FX-570ES Plus Scientific Calculator Pro Normally $2.99. Scientific Calculator is a full-featured RPN calculator that implements most functions of the beloved calculator. It is feature-complete (including programming and subroutines). Yes, you will have the best calculator with your iPhone, not need calculator machine anymore for your work! Just use this app, NO ADS in app, full function, and the great graphic! Download FX-570ES Plus Scientific Calculator Pro Findr Normally $49.99. Want to see what information Google, Facebook, and Twitter knows about? Findr scans the web based on an e-mail and retrieves all of your personal information such as images and links to social profiles that can easily be accessible by others if not well protected. Findr raises awareness on how important it is for our personal data to be well secured. Download Findr HourFace: 3D Aging Photo Normally $0.99. Ever wonder what you or your friends would look like decades from now? What about decades earlier? HourFace is the mind-blowing way to transform your face into and amazing interactive 3D image that instantly displays aging effects on your face. Turn yourself or your friends into wrinkly old-timers or spring chickens right before your eyes! “The result is amazingly real” – TUAW “No need for horror films, just watch your face age in seconds with HourFace and you’ll be screaming in no time.” – Robin Rhys, AppAdvice.com WATCH YOUR IMAGE COME TO LIFE AND BEGIN TO AGE INSTANTLY – Hold your device upright or flip upside down to immediately view the aging process – Go from young to old in seconds – Tap and swipe for cool and interesting animations SHARE YOUR AGELESS WONDERS – Share your 3D aging images via Facebook, Twitter & Email – Record and share the entire aging process via YouTube, Facebook & Email For Best Results: * The subject should look straight into the camera with head held straight. * Forehead should be visible. * Avoid shadows by taking the photo in bright natural light. Download HourFace: 3D Aging Photo Trending right now: Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones Amazon’s 15 best deals: Google Wifi, iPhone microSD card reader, Alexa thermostat, Echo Dot, more See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech T-Mobile slashes the iPhone 7 by $100, offers family plan for $35 per line Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Fireball malware could spark 'global catastrophe' after infecting 250 million computers International Business Times Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Dan Howley No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech There’s a battle raging over Apple’s iPhone 8 design BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech
null
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: How to Create Social Media Polls and Quiz Your Friends About Anything Social Media Internet How to Create Social Media Polls and Quiz Your Friends About Anything Ben Stegner June 2, 2017 02-06-2017 8 minutes How to Create Social Media Polls and Quiz Your Friends About Anything Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ever wonder which smartphone most of your acquaintances use Apple vs. Android: Buy the Ecosystem, Not the Gadget Apple vs. Android: Buy the Ecosystem, Not the Gadget You love your Android phone and want to buy a tablet. Everyone tells you the iPad is the best tablet, and it really is the best; but you should still buy an Android tablet. Read More ? Can’t rest until you know which summer blockbuster your pals enjoyed most? If you love finding out your friends’ opinions, I have good news: you don’t have to go around asking them individually. Thanks to the power of social media polls, you can quiz your friends and get responses in real-time. Next time you have to know whether vanilla or chocolate is more popular, here’s how to collect the thoughts of those closest to you. Twitter Polls In 2015, Twitter rolled out native support for polls, and they couldn’t be simpler. Just create a new tweet on the web or mobile versions of Twitter, and click the small Poll icon at the bottom of the tweet draft. You’ll have the standard 140 characters to type out a question, and can add up to four choices for readers to respond with. Finally, you can select the amount of time the poll stays alive for. The default is one day, but you can run a poll for a few minutes or an entire week. Which of these @MakeUseOf sections is your favorite? — Ben Stegner (@stegnersaurus) May 30, 2017 Obviously, your Twitter poll will only reach your followers to start, so the amount of responses you get will depend on how large your following is 10 Twitter Tips Most Pros Don't Even Know 10 Twitter Tips Most Pros Don't Even Know Read More . As long as your Twitter account isn’t private, anyone can retweet the poll just like any other tweet. If you start a poll about a hot topic, it could quickly spread beyond your sphere. To share the poll with more people, you can also embed it like you would a normal tweet. Pasting the URL to the tweet or using the embed code will let you add it to your blog or share on other social networks. Users must be signed into Twitter to vote, however. New poll! Which video game is the worst? — Eric Bailey (@Nintendo_Legend) March 17, 2017 If your friends are active on Twitter, creating a poll is an easy way to get their thoughts on just about anything. Check out our tips on making better Twitter polls Twitter Polls: Everything You Need to Know Twitter Polls: Everything You Need to Know Can't decide whether to order Chinese or pizza tonight? Ask! Twitter has finally launched a built-in option to conduct public polls. It's completely free and works on both mobile and desktop. Read More to improve yours. Straw Polls Don’t use Twitter? Or want to share your polls across more services? The ultra-simple site Straw Poll is for you. It doesn’t require any sign-up or authentication. Simply type a question for your social media poll, enter as many choices as you need, and you’ve got a link you can share with your friends anywhere. Once a user completes it, they can view the results or share it with their friends via social links. To prevent spam and duplicate answers, Straw Poll offers a few extra options. The drop-down box below the poll offers three choices for blocking duplication: IP Duplication Checking — Users can’t vote from the same IP address multiple times. This will prevent two people living in the same house from both voting. Browser Cookie Duplication Checking — Instead of checking the IP address, Straw Poll will check the user’s browser cookies to see if they’ve voted yet. This allows two people in the same house to each vote, but if someone cleared their cookies What Are Supercookies, and Why Are They Dangerous? What Are Supercookies, and Why Are They Dangerous? Verizon has been fined for tracking customers with a unique identifier header (UIDH), also known as a "supercookie." But what is a supercookie? And why is it worse than a regular cookie? Read More or used incognito mode Not Just for Porn: Other Uses For Private Browsing Not Just for Porn: Other Uses For Private Browsing Private-browsing mode has many other names, including "incognito mode" in Chrome and "InPrivate Browsing" in Internet Explorer. Some people refer to private-browsing mode as "porn mode", but it isn't just for porn addicts. It can... Read More , they could vote more than once. No Duplication Checking — The poll does not check for duplicate votes, so somebody could vote as many times as they wanted to. You’ll find two additional options when creating polls. Improve spam prevention will add a CAPTCHA to your poll, requiring users to solve a quick puzzle to prove they aren’t robots. If you select Allow multiple poll answers, users can check as many options as they want. This service doesn’t offer an option to end polls after a certain time. Overall, Straw Poll is the easiest way to create a quick social media poll that you can share anywhere. It doesn’t require your friends to sign up, works great on mobile, and collects the data you want in a simple form. Try it out next time you need to collect opinions, or look into an alternative poll site 5 Tools to Make Your Own Poll Quickly 5 Tools to Make Your Own Poll Quickly Make your own poll for getting over indecisiveness or just to gather opinions from family and friends. Here are five tools that make it easy for you to create polls that anyone can vote on. Read More if you need more features. Google Forms If you’re running an official quiz for a class assignment or something similar, you might need more flexible options and actionable data than a Twitter poll or Straw Poll provides. That’s where Google Forms comes in. This tool in the free Google Docs suite lets you create polls with different types of questions, add multiple pages, and send all the data to a spreadsheet for analysis. Head to Google Forms to get started. Like other Google tools, you can start with a blank form and build your own or use a template for common events like an RSVP, t-shirt ordering, or contact info. Question forms include: Short answer — Let someone type a sentence or two, like their name or a brief thought on a topic. Multiple choice — Standard question with multiple answers, only one of which the user can select. You can also add an Other option here. Checkboxes — You provide multiple answers and the respondent can select as many as apply. Linear scale — Set a numbered scale and ask the user to rate how often they do something or how strongly they feel on a question. Forms Options To add some flow to your poll, you can add images and YouTube videos using the right sidebar. You could ask how a particular image makes someone feel, or if they laughed at a YouTube video, for instance. Dividing your poll into sections will break it into multiple pages, and you can send users to these sections based on their answers. For instance, if you’re creating a poll to see which iPhone apps people use most often, your first page could simply ask Do you own an iPhone? If the user said No, you can specify that choosing that answer sends them to the end of the poll. This lets you ask completely different sets of questions How to Use Google Forms to Create an Interactive Workflow How to Use Google Forms to Create an Interactive Workflow Google Forms is the office workflow interface you didn't know you needed. Use Google Forms to collect information and in the next step add details or trigger a process. Read More depending on how earlier ones are answered. If surprise is a key factor in your poll, you can even shuffle the question order. To make your form a true quiz, click the Settings gear in the upper-right corner, then select the Quizzes tab. This lets you assign point values to questions. Forms will automatically grade them and show the respondent their score. Once your poll is all set, click the Send button to get a shareable link or send via email. After some people have answered, switching to the Responses tab lets you see how they responded. This also neatly formats the data into graphs and charts for easy analysis. Forms will import the responses into a new Google Sheets spreadsheet, so you can use that data elsewhere if you like. For getting more out of Google Forms, check out our advanced tricks Supercharge Your Google Forms and Get More out of Them Supercharge Your Google Forms and Get More out of Them The humble Google Forms has loads of uses. With the availability of add-ons, you can find more ways to tap into its usefulness than ever before. Read More . Facebook Questions: Make a Quiz Yourself! Of course, you don’t need any poll services or websites to have some fun and quiz yourself. Sometimes coming up with your own questions and answering them on your Facebook timeline How to Build a Memorable and Beautiful Facebook Timeline How to Build a Memorable and Beautiful Facebook Timeline Your Facebook timeline sucks. There's no cover photo, you've forgotten to set the profile picture and no one spends time there. It is a collection of faceless, dull updates. This has to end. Read More is enough to get friends in on the game, too. I wonder why I'm always sleepy at work and here I am at 1am trying to find out what kind of fruit I am from Facebook quizzes — Manpreet Sandhu (@manpreettier) May 30, 2017 This type of social media quiz doesn’t require much. Just head on over to Facebook and make up a list of questions in your status. Try some questions like these to get started: What was my first concert? If I could live anywhere in the world, where would it be? What’s one personality trait I can’t stand? Would I rather use a computer without a keyboard or without a mouse Learn To Navigate Windows Without A Mouse, Keyboard Or Screen Learn To Navigate Windows Without A Mouse, Keyboard Or Screen You just spent hours labouring over an important document when your keyboard dies on you. Would you know how to save your work, exit programs, and shut down your computer? We'll show you. Read More for a day? If I could only live in one season for the rest of my life, which would I pick? What band do I never get tired of, and why? How many times did I lie last week? Silly, trivial bits of information like this are fun to share. Adding your own answers to each of these and then prompting your friends to share them helps you learn more about them, and often is great for sparking discussions. The Dark Side of Facebook Quizzes We’d be remiss not to mention a potential security risk of sharing information like this on Facebook Five Facebook Threats That Can Infect Your PC, And How They Work Five Facebook Threats That Can Infect Your PC, And How They Work Read More . While telling your friends small bits of info like your first concert might seem trivial, this information could also be used against you. As you probably know, many websites use security questions as a backup measure in case you forget your password. These include questions such as What is your mother’s maiden name? and What was the name of your first teacher in school? Because this information is a lot easier to figure out via social media or even guess, these questions severely weaken your accounts Why You're Answering Password Security Questions Wrong Why You're Answering Password Security Questions Wrong How do you answer online account security questions? Honest answers? Unfortunately, your honesty could create a chink in your online armor. Let's take a look at how to safely answer security questions. Read More even if your password is rock solid. These security questions are frankly awful for security, and we hope they go extinct sometime soon. But until then, we recommend adding nonsense answers (I slap together random words like Quiet Darkening Trouts 174$) to these questions and using a password manager to record your answers 7 Clever Password Manager Superpowers You Have to Start Using 7 Clever Password Manager Superpowers You Have to Start Using Password managers carry a lot of great features, but did you know about these? Here are seven aspects of a password manager you should take advantage of. Read More . Whenever you need to log in, they’ll be safely stored behind your master password, and nobody can guess them like they can your mother’s maiden name. If you haven’t done this, though, answering these quizzes on Facebook could be handing over the keys to your accounts to malicious folk. This is especially true if your status is public Should You Be Concerned About Your Facebook Data Being Scraped? Should You Be Concerned About Your Facebook Data Being Scraped? How would you feel if you discovered your picture on a website, where people rank the picture as to whether or not you look like a jerk? Well, it's a true story. Read More or available to friends of friends, which is a huge audience. Be careful what you share on social media, even if it seems random and pointless. How Do You Make Social Media Polls and Quizzes? Next time you want to pick someone’s brain, these are the ways you should do it. All of them are easy to share via social media, so you can get as many answers as possible. Whether you need to collect serious answers for a project or just want people to decide between two dumb choices, a free poll is just a few clicks away. Though social media polling is fun, make sure you stay safe and avoid sharing sensitive information on social media 9 Things You Should Never Share on Social Media 9 Things You Should Never Share on Social Media Be careful what you share on social media because you never know when something could come back and ruin your life. Even the most innocent posts could be used against you. Read More . What services do you use to quiz your friends and create polls? Do you have a poll you’d like to share with fellow readers? Let us know down in the comments! Previous PostPinboard Acquires Delicious Just to Shut It DownNext Post5 Sites to Find Anything Shown in Movies and TV Shows 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Ben Stegner 687 articles Ben is MakeUseOf's Gaming section editor and Creative Director. He holds a B.S. in Computer Information Systems from Grove City College, where he graduated Cum Laude and with Honors in his major. He's currently focusing on ramping up MUO's Gaming content to appeal to gamers both casual and hardcore. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Advertisement Related Articles How to Find Your Life Purpose With These Online Tests Self Improvement Internet How to Find Your Life Purpose With These Online Tests 8 Free Emotional Intelligence Tests That Reveal More About You Self Improvement Internet 8 Free Emotional Intelligence Tests That Reveal More About You Get Everyone Talking with 12 Fun Ice Breakers for Work Self Improvement Get Everyone Talking with 12 Fun Ice Breakers for Work Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home WWDC More Color By Jason Snell, Macworld | Jun 1, 2017 3:00 AM PT Opinion Apple’s WWDC Announcements: What are the chances? Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this iPhone 8 rumors: Delayed production schedule could result in blockbuster... WWDC 2017 wish list: iOS 11 features that would take the iPhone and iPad to... Should Apple dump Lightning from the iPhone 8? The cases for and against Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions It’s the week before the kick-off of Apple’s product year at WWDC in San Jose. This is a week full of wish lists, rumors, speculation, and wild ideas. Next week all of that will collapse into one single truth: the reality of what’s unveiled on stage in San Jose. Gamblers know this feeling. Once the result is known, all of the probabilities collapse to the cold, hard truth of winners and losers. With that theme in mind, this is not another WWDC Wish List. Rather, consider this a report on the current odds of various WWDC predictions coming true. This is all in fun, ladies and gentlemen, so please: no wagering! Sure bets The surest bet at any WWDC is that Apple will unveil the next generation of all of its operating systems, due to ship in the fall. Yes, it’s a near certainty that Apple will announce details about the next versions of iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. Another near-certainty: Apple likes to please its audience, and at WWDC (unlike the invite-only media events Apple holds the rest of the year), the audience is primarily Apple developers. So you can count on Apple making some announcements that are focused on getting whoops of applause from the assembled developers. That will likely come in a verbal commitment to professional Mac users—and pretty much every developer for Apple’s platforms uses a Mac to get their job done. Apple Expect to hear a lot about Apple services like iCloud. Apple has been hyping the growth of its Services revenue line with Wall Street a lot recently. Services are a major growth area for Apple, and while it’s easy to lose sight of them when we’re all hyped up for new hardware and software announcements, it’s hard to imagine that Apple’s various services won’t be a recurring theme of the keynote. We’ll hear about iCloud, iCloud Photo Library, and Apple Music... a lot. If you’ve been paying attention to the last couple of years of tech-industry stage events, it’s clear that the large tech companies (especially Apple) have heard the criticism that their stage presenters are overwhelmingly white and male. Apple has been slowly changing the mix of their presenters, bringing in new faces including more women and people of color. The usual suspects will be on stage, of course, but it’s not much of a bet to predict that we’ll see a bunch of new faces on stage as well. Finally, I’m not going to accept any bets about the fact that Apple will continue something it’s been doing at most of its major events for the past two years: defining what Apple Watch is good at. Since the first what-doesn’t-it-do event in September of 2014, Apple has been working to give the product more definition. Health and fitness have both been areas of focus, and I expect to see those enhanced, perhaps joined by one or two more. Apple is still in the process of defining the Apple Watch, and that process will continue. Informed speculation Go to the race track and you’ll find someone who thinks they have a hot tip or inside information about what’s to come. (Disclosure: I’ve never been to a race track, but I’ve seen “Seabiscuit” and “The Killing”—that’s good enough, right?) Rumors serve the same purpose for laying WWDC odds. Some rumors are always right, but all rumors are never right. The trick is knowing which rumors are more likely to come true. Adam Patrick Murray A new iPad Pro announcement? Seems likely. Lately the rumor mill has been bubbling about the possibility of Apple unveiling a new iPad Pro at WWDC, a replacement for the existing 9.7-inch model, with a higher-resolution screen. Normally I’d be skeptical of such claims, but the iPad Pro hasn’t been updated in more than a year and these rumors suggest this product has been ready to go for some time now. Meanwhile, fans of the iPad Pro have been restless, since the major additions of pro features in iOS 9 were followed by almost no new pro features in iOS 10. It makes sense for Apple to introduce a new iPad Pro at the same time as trumpeting its commitment to the iPad via a bunch of major new pro features in iOS 11. That’s why I think this rumor is fairly likely to come true. A bunch of laptop updates are also thick in the rumor mill, and it’s true that the MacBook is in need of an update. But the rumors also suggest that Apple might put new chips in the existing MacBook Pro models, which were just released last fall. That seems surprising—but it does fit with one of my sure-thing themes of the event, which is Apple showing a bigger commitment to its professional users, especially developers. Telling a crowd of developers that Apple is rapidly updating its pro laptops is a demonstration of Apple’s commitment, and would be met with cheers. IDG An Amazon TV deal with Apple has made the rumor mill, but is it worth mentioning during the WWDC keynote? At these events Apple loves to talk about amazing entertainment deals it’s made. The trick is, even if Apple’s willing, are its partners? It would make sense that Apple would trumpet some coup on stage, whether it’s related to its original TV series efforts, a deal with Amazon to return to the Apple TV, or a content deal in the music or video spheres. Rumor has it that the Amazon deal is a go; it just gives me pause to consider that the relationship between the two companies has been repaired to the point where Apple promotes it on stage at a keynote. Finally, there are lots of rumblings out there that a Siri Speaker might be in the offing at last. I’m lukewarm on this rumor—it could happen, but Apple could also hold off until fall, when the product is rumored to be ready to ship. But given the heat around voice assistants in general, it seems highly likely that Siri will be a star of the show. Apple can extend the SiriKit extensions it added last year that give developers direct integration with Siri, improve Siri on the Mac, and disclose new Siri features it’s been working on. If there’s a hardware tease on top of that, all the better. Tough calls It would seem like an easy call to predict that many of the features Apple introduced in the past year—dual-camera support, the Touch Bar, Messages stickers and apps—will be improved. Sometimes Apple keeps moving new technology forward—and other times it walks away for a while. A good example is iPad multitasking, which was launched with iOS 9 and was unchanged in iOS 10, and might get some work in iOS 11, or might not. Predicting that last year’s introductions will be this year’s improvements is a risky game. Adam Patrick Murray Will there be time in the keynote to introduce a new standalone keyboard with a TouchBar? I’ve seen predictions of new Apple input devices, most notably a Magic Keyboard with Touch Bar or Touch ID support. It sounds like a good idea to me, but there’s already so much hardware rumored for WWDC that it’s hard to see this as being a product Apple would devote keynote time to. The longshots Then there are the longshots. Every year something outlandish, something we would never have predicted, ends up coming true. But most of these predictions end up dead and forgotten—or filed away for predictions at a future Apple event. Without going into detail, here are my longshots for WWDC 2017. I don’t think they’re going to happen, but they could! Apple skips a cycle for one or more of its platforms, rather than incrementing its version number and declaring it a new feature. No new watchOS update, perhaps, or tvOS. This would seem to be inconsistent with Apple’s behavior, but Apple’s been doing a lot of zagging where it used to zig. macOS drops the California placenames and joins iOS in lockstep at version 11. I have a hard time seeing Apple do this, but does anyone really need to use macOS 10.13 Joshua Tree? “iOS 11 and macOS 11” sounds a lot better. This year’s the year, though. Forlorn Apple hardware gets some love. Would the Mac mini get an update? Would the Apple TV get upgraded to 4K? Would the Mac Pro, which is coming back next year, get a mention? It’s all possible, but not likely. Hints of VR or AR functionality. This stuff seems a long way off, but could Apple wrap some augmented-reality-like feature into the iPhone Camera app and show it off knowing that it’s really dipping its toe into AR? Or what about a VR strategy based around the iPhone, somehow? Unlikely, but never say never. Major new Mac features. Most macOS updates these days are about keeping the Mac platform in sync with Apple’s others. What if Apple made major changes on the Mac, with new features that made the Mac better at its job, despite the lack of connection to iOS? Look, I told you these were the longshots. But we can hope, can’t we? To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: WWDC Macs iOS iPhone iPhone/iPad OS X MacOS Sierra Jason writes about Apple at Six Colors and podcasts at Relay FM and The Incomparable. Before that, he was the lead editor at Macworld for more than a decade. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
NBA Login Register My Account Edition: USA | AUS NBA Menu SCORES Edition: USA | AUS NFL MLB NBA NHL NCAAF NCAAB NASCAR FANTASY SOCCER ATHLETICS TENNIS GOLF MMA WWE OTHER SPORTS MORE SN ON FACEBOOK SN ON TWITTER SN ON INSTAGRAM GOAL WRITERS NEWSLETTER SHOP NFL NFL Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings Draft News Archive Shop MLB MLB Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings News Archive Shop NBA NBA Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings News Archive Shop NHL NHL Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings News Archive Shop NCAAF NCAAF Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings Polls News Archive Shop NCAAB NCAAB Home Bracket Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings Polls News Archive Shop NASCAR NASCAR Home Video Photos Lists Schedule Standings News Archive Shop FANTASY FANTASY Home Player Updates Rankings Daily Fantasy DFS Lineup Builder News Archive SOCCER SOCCER Home Video Photos Lists News Archive Shop All Sports ATHLETICS TENNIS GOLF MMA WWE OTHER SPORTS MORE SN on Facebook SN on Twitter SN on Instagram Goal Writers Newsletter Shop NFL NFL Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings Draft News Archive Shop MLB MLB Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings News Archive Shop NBA NBA Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings News Archive Shop NHL NHL Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings News Archive Shop NCAAF NCAAF Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings Polls News Archive Shop NCAAB NCAAB Home Bracket Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings Polls News Archive Shop All Sports NASCAR FANTASY SOCCER ATHLETICS TENNIS GOLF MMA WWE OTHER SPORTS MORE SN on Facebook SN on Twitter SN on Instagram Goal Writers Newsletter Shop NBA Home Video Photos Lists Scores Schedule Standings Shop Did Warriors fan and Apple VP Eddy Cue tell Rihanna to sit down at NBA Finals? NBA June 2, 2017 2:30pm EDT June 2, 2017 2:30pm EDT Basketball, Golden State Warriors, English, NBA Rihanna fans are upset at an Apple executive because he appeared to tell the singer to sit down. Rihanna (Getty Images) Jordan Heck Omnisport @jordanheckff Published on Jun. 2, 2017 Jun. 2, 2017 Apple senior vice president Eddy Cue is a big-time Warriors fan and had courtside seats located near Rihanna during Game 1 of the NBA Finals. At one point in the game, however, it appeared Cue told the popular singer to sit down when she gave a bow to LeBron James.  Naturally, after video spread of Cue appearing to tell her to sit down, her fans sent angry tweets at him. Some have speculated he uttered the phrase, "Tell that b— to sit down" which is why there's been such a strong response to the incident. Not everyone recognized the tech guru, but several did, and some apparently plan to boycott Apple products as a result. Oh cancelling my Apple Music subscription @cue - no one yells at Rihanna, especially not a grown white man telling her to "sit down" — Eileen Carey (@eileenmcarey) June 2, 2017 After feeling the wrath of Rihanna's fans, Cue responded to a critic about the incident. He claims he wasn't upset at Rihanna and that whatever message he was trying to relay was actually intended for someone he knows. Apple also reportedly said he "was talking to someone he knew between him and [Rihanna]. He wasn't telling her to sit down." Nothing but love for Rihanna (and KD, too!) As usual I was excited about our lead and actually talking to Marissa, 8 seats to my right. — Eddy Cue (@cue) June 2, 2017 Case solved? Not exactly. Rihanna's fans aren't buying the excuse, and are demanding an apology.  Nah you disrespected a beautiful woman and thought nobody would see it! BYE pic.twitter.com/CnVaETXhoR — 🤴🏽🎈 (@VibingToANTI) June 2, 2017 WE WANT AN APOLOGY! 2 pages, double spaced, MLA FORMAT! TODAY pic.twitter.com/hYppEU5Qgb — karlie jenner. (@clapbackanna) June 2, 2017 If @cue doesn't apologize for his recent misogynist outburst towards @Rihanna I'm cancelling my subscription @AppleMusic — STAUNCH (@KammBe) June 2, 2017 A different angle of the incident doesn't look like he's speaking to anyone else directly. He mentioned the intended recipient was eight seats to his right, but the person eight seats to his right appears to be a gentleman in a blue shirt. Now there is a woman in a yelllow shirt sitting close to Rihanna who is also standing, so it's possible Cue just miscounted the number of seats. There's likely no way of knowing for sure what the intention here was. Cue is obviously going to defend himself by saying he wasn't directing his language toward her, and Rihanna is probably too busy doing Rihanna things to let this affect her day.  NBA Draft mistakes: Every team's ugliest, most painful regret NBA coaching rumors: Which college coaches could be ready to turn pro? Ranking 25 best NBA stars to change teams in their primes, from Wilt to KD NBA Mock Draft 2017: Who would you pick if you were in charge of each team? Media Kit Contact Privacy Policy Perform Group Facebook Twitter Instagram Newsletter © 2017 Sporting News Media and its licensors. All rights reserved. Media Kit Contact Privacy Policy Perform Group © 2017 Sporting News Media and its licensors. All rights reserved. NEW - 360° coverage of the NBA Finals on a single page
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry paris agreement Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement The withdrawal was expected By Rob Thubron on Jun 2, 2017, 6:15 AM 26 comments TechSpot Yesterday, Donald Trump decided that the US should join Nicaragua and Syria as the only nations not part of the Paris agreement. The move has led to messages from a number of tech CEOs, who have expressed their disappointment at the move. “We are getting out,” Trump said. “But we will start to negotiate, and we will see if we can make a deal that’s fair. And if we can, that’s great. And if we can’t, that’s fine." Unlike Nicaragua, which believes the accord doesn’t do enough to protect the environment, and Syria, whose government struggles to take part because of sanctions, Trump's reason for withdrawing from the agreement is to “protect America and its citizens.” He says it's "very unfair, at the highest level, to the United States," and would impose "draconian financial and economic burdens." As reported yesterday, the decision has led to Elon Musk leaving the presidential councils. Not long after Trump finished his speech, the Tesla boss tweeted: “Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.” He was joined by Disney CEO Robert Iger, who also resigned from the council “as a matter of principle.” IBM CEO Ginni Rometty, however, will remain on Trump’s business advisory council. Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 Other leaders from the tech world also took to Twitter opposing the move. Apple CEO Tim Cook, who spoke to Trump on Tuesday to try and convince him to remain, wrote: “Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver.” Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 Cook also sent an internal note to his employees. “Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment,” it read. “Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us.” 25 firms including Microsoft, Intel, Apple, and Google, took out a last-minute full-page ad in the New York Times and Wall Street Journal yesterday, promoting the benefits of the agreement. Dear President Trump, as some of the largest companies in the US, we strongly urge you to keep the US in the Paris Agreement. pic.twitter.com/ztSXyYtRrm — Marc Benioff (@Benioff) June 1, 2017 Twitter boss Jack Dorsey, Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, Google CEO Sundar Pichai, and many more used social media to attack the President’s decision. Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all. — Sundar Pichai (@sundarpichai) June 1, 2017 This is an incredibly shortsighted move backwards by the federal government. We're all on this planet together and we need to work together. https://t.co/tLEdtG0n1o — jack (@jack) June 1, 2017 The last time CEOs rallied against Trump like this was after he introduced the immigration ban. With people now leaving his councils, and virtually every company condemning the withdrawal, the relationship between the President and the tech industry has hit a low point. It will, however, take years to fully exit the pact; November 4, 2020 – the day after the next presidential election – to be exact Related Reads Elon Musk says he will leave advisory councils if Trump withdraws from Paris agreement Donald Trump is holding a meeting with tech industry leaders next week Donald Trump meets with the tech elite, offers a helping hand 26 comments 213 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Elon Musk says he'll leave advisory councils if Trump withdraws from Paris agreement Supreme Court makes it harder for patent trolls to hand-pick battlegrounds Bitcoin valuation tops $2,000 for the first time ever Popular 27 comments Intel Core X vs. AMD Ryzen Threadripper: What we know so far 26 comments Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement 46 comments Elon Musk says he will leave advisory councils if Trump withdraws from Paris agreement 11 comments Corsair One Review 10 comments Microsoft co-founder shows off the world's biggest plane Load Comments 26 ... User Comments: 26 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 26 Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement 27 Intel Core X vs. AMD Ryzen Threadripper: What we know so far 8 Homeowners in the Netherlands will soon be able to heat their showers with servers 9 PlayStation 3 officially slips into its twilight years as Sony Japan ships last PS3 console 7 Get the most out of Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass with Seagate's new external hard drive Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The future of New York: Shocking video reveals a submerged Manhattan caused by just a 2° C rise in global temperatures Video highlights what New York City would look like if sea levels continue to rise over the next 60-80 years Called 'Two °C ', it pulls inspiration from the Paris Agreement which aim is to keep warming below 2° C (3.6F) Water in the video was created using 3D simulation software and people were removed using Photoshop By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 14:37 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 14:56 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 133 shares 368 View comments Experts have warned that New York City could one day be submerged by rising sea levels and now that the US has pulled out of the Paris Agreement, many Americans are left wondering what the future holds for the Big Apple. However, a video has surfaced online that has revealed the catastrophic effects of climate change on the massive city, which could become a reality over the next 60 to 80 years. Tops of skyscrapers are barely peeking out of the murky water, streets have been transformed into flowing rivers and what was once home to 8.4 million people, is depicted as a ghost town in the shocking footage. Scroll down for videos  Experts have warned that New York City could one day be submerged by rising sea levels and now that the US has pulled out of the Paris Agreement, many Americans are left wondering what the future holds for the Big Apple The video entitled, 'Two ° C' was created by to film makers 'Claire&Max' Countour, who wanted to highlight what New York City would 'look like if there was a rise in water. 'We are concerned with global warming, and the rising waters is only one representation among others of global warming,' Max told DailyMail.com in an email. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Shocking map shows the carbon footprint of EU countries -... Could this two-person, electric hybrid helicopter help city... Amateur astronomers spot a 'cold new world' just 100 light... Bringing the Galapagos tortoise back from the dead:... Share this article Share 'We considered this video as an alert so that people become even more aware of the danger.'  'The Paris Agreement limited to 2 degrees : these 2 degrees were already dangerous, but the recent US withdrawal is unconscious.'  'We don't need to be specialist or scientists to consider this act as unconscious.'  two°C - New-York City from Claire&Max on Vimeo. WHAT IS THE PARIS AGREEMENT? The Paris Agreement is the first large-scale global agreement to combat what scientists say is climate change, coming together at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in 2015 and adopted on December 12. On Earth Day of 2016, April 22, it was opened for signatures and enough European countries signed on so that the agreement entered into force on November 4, 2016, four days before Donald Trump was elected president of the United States. China and the United States had already committed to backing the deal in September 2016, with their greenhouse gas output accounting for nearly 40 percent of the world's emissions. To go into legal force, countries accounting for 55 percent of the world's emissions had to sign on. The deal asks that the countries signing on reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Right now 147 countries have ratified the agreement to the 197 who attended the convention.  The aim is to keep warming below 2 degrees Celsius - 3.6F - this century. Part of the reason the Paris Agreement was successful was that ratifying countries can decide independently how to reduce their emissions rather than being told how much to cut by.  Counties, instead, put forward their best efforts through 'nationally determined contributions.'   The binding part of the agreement makes countries report on their progress decreasing emissions, while the actual setting of emission-reduction targets is non-binding.  The United States said it would try to reduce emissions from its 2005 level by 17 percent in 2020 and 26 to 28 percent by 2025. The nearly four minute video begins with an image of New York City that may be unsettling – the water has risen so high that many of its monstrous skyscrapers are barely peaking up from a watery grave. Fifth Avenue, Wall Street and Time Square, all of which used to be filled with hundreds of people on any given day, are shown completely empty and submerged in water. And Grand Central Station, which attracts people from all over the world, looks more like a large watering hole instead of a busy train station. Tops of skyscrapers are barely peeking out of the murky water, streets have been transformed into flowing rivers and what was once home to 8.4 million people, is depicted as a ghost town Now, a video has surfaced online that has revealed the catastrophic effects of climate change on the massive city, which could become a reality over the next 60 to 80 years. Fifth Avenue (pictured), Wall Street and Time Square, all of which used to be filled with hundreds of people on any given day, are shown completely empty and submerged in water. The video continues to show different areas of New York, all of which tell the same story, but what may be one of the most unsettling aspects is that a city that has 8.4 million residents and 50 million people visiting each year is completely empty. 'Climate change is a new marker in our history. Man can now affect the climate, we are now in the anthropocene era,' said Max. 'Fortunately we have become aware of it and we must put all possible means to ensure that future generations enjoy a better environment. 'Antoine de St Exupery said :' We do not inherit the land of our parents, we borrow it from our children.' The video entitled, ' Two ° C ' was created by to film makers 'Claire&Max' Countour, who wanted to highlight what New York City would 'look like if there was a rise in water Wall Street (pictured), located in lower Manhattan, is also predicted to be underwater.  'We considered this video as an alert so that people become even more aware of the danger,' the creators of the video shared. 'The Paris Agreement limited to 2 degrees : these 2 degrees were already dangerous, but the recent US withdrawal is unconscious.' It may be unsettling to see the once populated Time Square (pictured) completely empty and flooded  'The video was done with 2 steps : first, we deleted the people of the streets (like our precedent work in Pairs 'Hypocentre') and then we add the water,' he continued. 'The water is a 3D modelization. We choose NYC because like Paris, NYC is our 'laboratory' for our experimental films.' 'We are fortunate to be able to come regularly to NYC and we love deeply NYC.  The title of the clip, 'Two ° C', was inspired by a recent study from a team of American researchers that noted 2 ◦C global warming is dangerous and could have catastrophic effects on our world over the next couple of decades. Grand Central Station (pictured), which attracts people from all over the world, looks more like a large watering hole instead of a busy train station The video was done with 2 steps : first, the deleted the people of the streets using Photoshop and then water was added using 3D simulation software  'The IPCC , an intergovernmental panel of experts on climate change, predicted an average increase of 1 meter by 2100: their model underestimated the melting of the ice,' Claire and Max shared in a blog post. 'For James Hansen [one of the American researchers], these 2 ° would still remain dangerous because it integrates in its recent models the melting of the ice: it estimates an increase of 5 to 9m by 2080.' The video was shared online two days prior to Donald Trump making the announcement that the US was pulling out of the Paris agreement – citing it was bad for American jobs and bad for the environment. more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Cyborg dragonfly takes to the sky for first time Watch video Scientists spot new species of fish in Caribbean coral reefs Watch video Footage of lionfish eating newly discovered Ember goby Watch video Watch scientists burn gas hydrate in the Arctic Watch video Walmart begins testing out its new associate delivery program Watch video Police video shows Tiger Woods giving breath test after arrest Watch video Frightening moment great white slowly circles kayaker Watch video CCTV footage of men leading away woman before raping her Watch video Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Watch video Man assaults wife and lover after catching them in the act Watch video Transgender man announces pregnancy year after miscarriage Watch video Chris Rock discusses Carmelo Anthony and La La on Wendy Williams The title of the clip, 'Two ° C', was inspired by a recent study from a team of American researchers that noted 2 ◦C global warming is dangerous and could have catastrophic effects on our world Trump complained in the White House's Rose Garden that major polluters like China are allowed to increase their emissions under the agreement in a way that the US cannot. India is hinging its participation on billions of dollars of foreign aid. 'The bottom line is that the Paris Accord is very unfair, at the highest level, to the United States,' he said. He argued later, 'The agreement is a massive redistribution of United States wealth to other countries.' The video was shared online two days prior to Donald Trump making the announcement that the US was pulling out of the Paris agreement – citing it was bad for American jobs and bad for the environment. But the video has painted a different picture and it seems to be a disaster  'This agreement is less about the climate and more about other countries gaining a financial advantage over the United States,' he contended. Trump said he would end the United States' participation in the United Nations' Green Climate Fund for the same reason. Although the US president listed multiple reasons to why the nation should and is leaving the agreement, many Americans are not on board with the decision and are worried what the future holds for not just their country, but for the entire world. more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Cyborg dragonfly takes to the sky for first time Watch video Scientists spot new species of fish in Caribbean coral reefs Watch video Footage of lionfish eating newly discovered Ember goby Watch video Watch scientists burn gas hydrate in the Arctic Watch video Walmart begins testing out its new associate delivery program Watch video Police video shows Tiger Woods giving breath test after arrest Watch video Frightening moment great white slowly circles kayaker Watch video CCTV footage of men leading away woman before raping her Watch video Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Watch video Man assaults wife and lover after catching them in the act Watch video Transgender man announces pregnancy year after miscarriage Watch video Chris Rock discusses Carmelo Anthony and La La on Wendy Williams   Read more: Claire&Max on Vimeo Two °C - New-York | Menilmonde, blog de voyage, photo et video Share or comment on this article e-mail 133 shares Most watched News videos Kathy Griffin speaks in public on offensive Trump picture CCTV footage of men leading away woman before raping her Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Man assaults wife and lover after catching them in the act Shocking footage of thieves stealing a MOPED in broad daylight Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Rihanna arrives in plunging white dress at Revolve Social Club Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted airport ahead of concert Footage of man who stole from Portland stabbing victims French President Macron rules out climate renegotiation Corbyn discusses tackling nuclear threats from N Korea and Iran 'There's a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me!'... Led away by 'Good Samaritan... who gang-raped her in a... 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces... Scorned husband stomps on cheating wife and her lover as... Parents leave one-year-old BABY girl beside a bin for an... President Steve Bannon? Morning Joe says right-wing Trump... Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's... Fears of 'another Rochdale' as police probe 200 cases of... Schoolgirl, 14, is taken sobbing from her classroom by... Single bungling IT engineer to blame for BA's £150million... Sixth form girls go braless in a show of solidarity for... Driver, 46, who was hounded for a year over a parking... 'I don't see it as such a big deal to have sex with... Cow born with a human-like head is worshipped by Indian... Now ANOTHER poll reveals a plunging Tory lead as a new... Emails show Hillary Clinton didn't want to share a plane... Dramatic moment have-a-go heroes suddenly charge at... German rock festival is evacuated after 'concrete' terror... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 370 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Next story Breakthrough in the search for life on Mars as Curiosity finds layered lake that offered ‘multiple opportunities for different types of microbes to survive’ 11 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Daniel Howley Dan Howley June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple CEO Tim Cook will be on hand for the company’s Worldwide Developers Conference on June 5. (Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP) Apple’s (AAPL) massive Worldwide Developers Conference kicks off Monday, June 5 at 1 p.m. E.T., and we’re expecting a host of new announcements. These announcements will give us a view into what the company has been working on over the past year, as well as what we can expect with its upcoming iPhone 8. Apple is known for using WWDC to showcase its newest software updates. That means we’ll likely see the latest versions of the company’s iOS for the iPhone and iPad, as well as macOS for Mac desktops and laptops. Apple should also announce improvements to its watchOS and tvOS systems, and could even roll out its very own Siri speaker to compete with the likes of Amazon’s (AMZN) Echo and Google’s (GOOGL, GOOG) Home. iOS 11 Apple regularly debuts the latest version of its iOS operating system at WWDC, and this year’s event should be no different. Interestingly, while hardware leaks are the norm for Apple’s devices now, we hardly see as many software leaks hit the web. That means we don’t know very much about iOS 11 quite yet. So far, the big rumors point to major updates to Apple’s Siri voice assistant, which first landed on the iPhone in 2011. While Siri has seen a slew of updates since then, it still can’t quite match the power of Amazon’s Alexa or Google’s Assistant apps. Apple’s iOS 11 will bring updates to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and some hints as to what we might see in the iPhone 8. With iOS 11, Apple could change that by bringing Siri more in line with what modern voice assistants have to offer such as expanded voice capabilities and improved language understanding. According to The Verifier, Apple could also add group calling to its FaceTime app, which would bring it in line with Google’s Hangouts and Microsoft’s Skype offerings. Whatever updates we see for iOS 11, it’s important to keep on eye on even the smallest changes, as they could provide a hint of what the iPhone 8 has to offer. Siri speaker Outside of iOS 11, Apple’s biggest potential announcement at WWDC is the Siri speaker. There haven’t been any leaked images of the speaker, which would compete directly with Amazon’s Echo, Google’s Home and Microsoft’s (MSFT) upcoming Cortana-enabled offerings. MacRumors says that Apple device will likely include facial-recognition technology and run off of the company’s iOS operating system.Bloomberg reports that Apple has already begun manufacturing the speaker, which means it could go on sale in the relatively near future. It will be interesting to see if Apple is capable of producing a product as powerful as Amazon’s Echo, especially since the Echo allows you to purchase items directly through Amazon using only your voice. macOS The software behind Apple’s Mac laptops and desktops, macOS is also expected to see some improvements at WWD. Little is known about the next major update to macOS, though if Apple sticks to recent patterns, it will likely throw in more iOS compatibility features to ensure iPhone users and Mac users stay within Apple’s product ecosystem. watchOS and tvOS As with Apple’s macOS, it’s still not clear what updates are coming to watchOS and tvOS.As CNET notes, Apple could begin offering a glucose monitor for the Apple Watch that would help diabetics monitor their blood sugar levels.CNBC reported in March that Apple CEO Tim Cook was seen walking around the company’s campus with a device connected to his watch that monitored his glucose. MacBook updates and a new iPad These rumors are a bit of a stretch, as Apple doesn’t usually announce much hardware at WWDC: But the mill keeps pointing to the potential for updated MacBooks and a new iPad debuting at the big show. According to Bloomberg, Apple will roll out three new MacBooks including a new version of the super-slim MacBook with a more powerful Intel processor, an upgraded MacBook Air and MacBook Pro with a new CPU. Read More Apple’s insanely thin and light MacBook is rumored to be getting an update at WWDC. It sounds like these MacBooks will only get improved internals, so don’t expect them to sport any new designs. The new iPad, meanwhile, is said to sport a 10.5-inch display and offer stylus support.9to5Mac says the iPad will manage to pack its large screen into a body that’s not much larger than the current 9.7-inch iPad. We’ll be on the ground in San Jose, California, and in our New York offices covering the day’s events as they happen. And don’t forget to follow all of the news as it happens via our live blog. More from Dan: Microsoft’s Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: ‘You have to create a sense of purpose for others’ How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple’s best ‘Prey’ review: You’ll never be more afraid of a coffee cup The simple reason so many companies were hit by the WannaCry 2.0 ransomware No, your Apple computer isn’t immune from ransomware Email Daniel at dhowley@yahoo-inc.com; follow him on Twitter at @DanielHowley. #apple #wwdc-2017 #wwdc #tim-cook #worldwide-developers-conference #siri-speaker #ios-11 #ios #macos #tvos #watchos #macbook #ipad #$msft #$aapl #$amzn #$googl #$goog #featured Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech T-Mobile slashes the iPhone 7 by $100, offers family plan for $35 per line Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Fireball malware could spark 'global catastrophe' after infecting 250 million computers International Business Times Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech There’s a battle raging over Apple’s iPhone 8 design BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make BGR News Why Hulu with Live TV and other streaming TV services are worth the money Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Putin tells NBC's Megyn Kelly that hacking of Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's election may have been CIA-run false flag operation designed to incriminate Russia Tragedy as high school graduate, 18, 'accidentally shoots and kills his girlfriend while showing off a gun he got as a graduation present from the girl's father' Children kept as 'wives' of pedophile prophet had Lyme disease, rotten teeth and didn't even know how to wash their hair when they were discovered 'He's a very attractive, good-looking man': Hillary Clinton says Barack Obama broke the race barrier due to his APPEARANCE while reiterating her belief that sexism cost her the election Brother, 29, of child killer dubbed 'The Butcher of Brooklyn' is found dead and tied up in a closet at the home where his sibling murdered an 8-year-old boy Eye-watering moment a reporter's lightning reflexes and well-placed clipboard saves him from being hit in the crotch by a baseball during Marlins game Homeless man 'stole wedding ring from the finger of dead Portland train hero' who was stabbed as he defended two teenage girls 'I don't want to hear it!': Cute toddler sasses her father when he tries to get her to go to sleep Moment police raid aspiring rapper's home is streamed on Facebook Live as he films himself waving around stacks of cash 'Society thinks all rape is just when a man pounces from the bushes': Woman, 21, reveals how her Tinder date took off his condom without her knowledge during sex Just say no: Barbara and Jenna Bush will speak for the first time about their college arrests for underage drinking and reveal they did not want their dad to run for president in new book Former Penn State President and two other administrators are jailed for failing to report Jerry Sandusky child abuse allegation Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused former Fox chairman Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex in new memoir 'I could hear things going on, but my eyes were shut': Teen speaks out about night she was 'raped by high school football star while unconscious' after he took a secret plea deal in case that divided Alabama town Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery Woman is caught driving in a pool lane reserved for vehicles transporting at least two passengers with a plastic doll in the backseat and a 'baby on board' sign in the window Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself as grieving wife says he had a 'moment of terrible judgment' Carmine 'The Bull' Agnello, former son-in-law of Gambino crime boss John Gotti, avoids jail with plea deal after being accused of running illegal $4 million car-scrapping scheme Turkish-born NBA star Enes Kanter says his father has been arrested back home just one week after the government issued a warrant for the basketball player's arrest Smiling again: Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital in a heart-warming surprise visit  Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims Church member admits in court she was one of 30 people who 'slapped, beat, and choked a gay man to expel his homosexual demons' Kathy Griffin loses ALL of the rest of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal Special counsel Mueller is consolidating Russia probe to include inquiry into former Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort – plus ex-security advisor Mike Flynn's ties to Turkey Previous Next The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Rihanna was one of the high-rolling celebrities who got courtside seats to Game 1 of the NBA Finals Thursday night between Golden State and Cleveland  At one point, the pop princess stood up and bowed to Cavs star Lebron James A man a few seats down was seen yelling in her direction and appeared to motion for her to sit down   He was later identified as Apple Senior Vice President Eddy Cue, a Warriors fan  Cue leads the internet software and services division, which includes Apple Music - a streaming service Rihanna's music is featured on   Rihanna fans threatened a boycott and called for an apology  Cue said in a tweet that he has 'nothing but love for Rihanna' and claimed he was talking to someone else on the sidelines  By Ashley Collman For Dailymail.com Published: 14:27 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 19:19 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail 703 shares 446 View comments The executive in charge of Apple Music has come under fire for the way he reportedly treated Rihanna at Game 1 of the NBA Finals. Video from Thursday night's game in Oakland shows Rihanna, a Cleveland Cavaliers fan, standing up to bow to star player Lebron James after a major play. A man wearing a Warriors shirt a few seats down is then seen in the background looking angry as he appears to motion towards the pop princess to take a seat.  That man was later identified as Apple Senior Vice President Eddy Cue, who is in charge of the company's Internet Software and Services division. That division includes the tech company's streaming service, Apple Music, which offers Rihanna's music. Scroll down for video  The man who allegedly yelled at Rihanna to sit down after she stood up to bow to Lebron James during last night's NBA Finals has been identified as an Apple senior vice president  A clip from the game shows Apple SVP Eddy Cue (right) appearing to motion to the pop princess to sit down  Cue runs a division that includes Apple Music, the company's streaming service which features music from Rihanna  Rihanna didn't appear to hear the Apple VP when she went back to talking with friends on the sidelines  In a tweet, Cue said that he had 'nothing but love for Rihanna' and wasn't talking to her in the clip  Rihanna fans were quick to express their outrage on Twitter, threatening to boycott Apple Music if Cue didn't apologize or if the company didn't fire him.  'I won't re-up my subscription until Rihanna gets a FULL & sincere apology from your sexist employee,' one fan wrote. Some of the Twitter users even claimed to hear Cue say 'Tell that b**** to sit down,' though DailyMail.com has not been able to confirm those reports. Cue has worked at Apple since 1989 and reports to CEO Tim Cook RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Rude boy! Warriors star Kevin Durant appears to stare down... Kevin Durant dunks his way to 38 points and Steph Curry... 'Being black in America is tough': Lebron James speaks out... Don't take your eye off the ball! Rihanna flashes her... Share this article Share 703 shares Cue responded to the criticisms with a tweet of his own, saying he has 'nothing but love for Rihanna' and wasn't talking to her in the first place.  'As usual I was excited about our lead and actually talking to Marissa, 8 seats to my right,' he said.  It's unclear who the Marissa that Cue mentioned is.  Cue has worked at Apple since 1989 and reports to CEO Tim Cook. According to his online bio, Cue was 'instrumental' in creating the iTunes and App stores.  Fans of Rihanna were quick to threaten a boycott of Apple Music if she didn't get a proper apology or if Cue wasn't fired The Cavs lost to the Warriors in a blow-out during Game 1, but Rihanna was nonetheless a proud cheerleader for her Cavs.  At one point, she was even heard yelling 'Briiiiiick!' as Kevin Durant tried to shoot a three-pointer.   As he passed her after successfully scoring the basket, Durant seemed to glare at the 29-year-old singer.  Lady in black: Rihanna cheered on the Cleveland Cavaliers and her favorite player LeBron James on Thursday during Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, California Cheering section: The singer and her personal assistant were rooting for the Cavaliers during the match Kevin Durant literally shot his shot for Rihanna pic.twitter.com/EX1PUaGXJM— justin lew block (@JBlock49) June 2, 2017 But Durant, 28, refused to be drawn on it after the game. He was asked during a post-game press conference with teammate Steph Curry if he stared the singer down on purpose. 'I don't even remember that,' Durant answered. The reporter then told Durant the exchange was blowing up on social media. 'Don't get in that trap,' Curry advised. Stare down: Golden State Warriors player Kevin Durant seemingly stared down Rihanna after drilling a three-point shot late in the game Not impressed: The singer looked on as Warriors star Durant ran past her courtside seat 'Yeah, I won't get into that. I'm cool. Have fun with that,' Durant said. Rihanna and her personal assistant Jennifer Rosales took their courtside seats with under three minutes left in the first quarter. The Diamonds singer arrived as the game was tied 24-24 after her favorite player LeBron James, 32, unleashed a furious dunk over Warriors player JaVale McGee.  ABC announcers were commenting on the dunk, but color commentator Jeff Van Gundy, 55, admitted he was distracted.  No memory: Durant insisted that he did not remember staring down Rihanna Super fan: Rihanna stood up and cheered for the Cavs while surround by fans of the home team Warriors Personal assistant: Rihanna's personal assistant Jennifer Rosales joined her for the game In the bag: The Stay singer peered into her purse during the game Easily distracted: The Diamonds singer arrived as the game was tied 24-24 and ABC commentator Jeff Van Gundy admitted his mind was away from the action 'I don't know about that but Rihanna just walked in front of me! Are you kidding me?!,' Jeff Van Gundy said. Fellow analyst Mark Jackson then told Van Gundy to keep his focus on the game. 'Come on, tell the truth, when she walked by she was stunning,' Van Gundy replied. The Bajan beauty wore an all-black ensemble that included a jacket with plunging neckline. She made her loyalty clear as she contrasted with most of the home team's fans who wore yellow T-shirts. Favorite player: James is shown bring the ball up the court while defended by Durant The Warriors cruised home to victory, beating the Cavs 113-91 but Rihanna remained steadfast in her support.  Durant finished with 38 points, eight rebounds and eight assists. Teammate Curry scored 28 points with six 3-pointers and 10 assists.  She was heckled by Warriors fans after the game while walking past the Cavaliers locker room. 'It doesn't matter, b****. The King is still the King,' she said. Share or comment on this article e-mail 703 shares Most watched News videos Kathy Griffin speaks in public on offensive Trump picture CCTV footage of men leading away woman before raping her Dramatic footage of rare mini TSUNAMI hitting Dutch beach resort Man assaults wife and lover after catching them in the act Shocking footage of thieves stealing a MOPED in broad daylight Beefeater tells woman off for throwing glove at Royal Guard Rihanna arrives in plunging white dress at Revolve Social Club Trump announces U.S. will officially withdraw from Paris accord Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted airport ahead of concert Footage of man who stole from Portland stabbing victims French President Macron rules out climate renegotiation Corbyn discusses tackling nuclear threats from N Korea and Iran 'There's a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me!'... Led away by 'Good Samaritan... who gang-raped her in a... Scorned husband stomps on cheating wife and her lover as... 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces... Kathy Griffin claims she is a victim of 'bullying' at... Parents leave one-year-old BABY girl beside a bin for an... President Steve Bannon? Morning Joe says right-wing Trump... Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's... Fears of 'another Rochdale' as police probe 200 cases of... Schoolgirl, 14, is taken sobbing from her classroom by... Single bungling IT engineer to blame for BA's £150million... Sixth form girls go braless in a show of solidarity for... Driver, 46, who was hounded for a year over a parking... 'I don't see it as such a big deal to have sex with... Cow born with a human-like head is worshipped by Indian... Now ANOTHER poll reveals a plunging Tory lead as a new... Emails show Hillary Clinton didn't want to share a plane... Dramatic moment have-a-go heroes suddenly charge at... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 446 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Tarmac titillation! Taylor Swift appears to get handsy with new beau Joe Alwyn next to her private jet in LA Trying her best to be discreet with her beau Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game Tom Brady's event 'It was definitely not a comfortable day': Vanessa Williams, 54, rued having to wear bikini for first day on Daytime Divas (despite looking AMAZING) Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Treated herself to a new hair style All grown up! Raven-Symone and Anneliese van der Pol reprise their best friend roles in new trailer for Disney's Raven's Home New trailer Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn He has his own personal designer Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Sequel to the 1986 action film Top Gun Sheerly amazing! Lorde takes the stage in black see-through top for star-studded Governor's Ball in New York City Revealing outfit Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Ageless beauty Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference Celebrity Run-Ins Tour 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester victims 22 people died Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York Wore a ribbed top and wide leg trousers Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce Fashionable actress Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Showed of her tummy 'They were serious': Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay 'dated NBA star Kevin Durant when they were in college' They both attended The University of Texas No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander reveals her toned tummy as she rocks crop top and tight black leather pants Seen in a revealing ensemble ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Former Bachelorette star Trista Sutter, 44, suffers seizure and collapses in front of her children while on vacation in Croatia Scary ordeal On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a helping hand up from her dancers after bending a little TOO far backward during her Las Vegas show  Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video Moms unite! Jessica Alba and Jenna Dewan-Tatum bring glam to the beach for Baby2Baby benefit Businesswomen and mothers Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Five months pregnant Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Out and about in Miami Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Bikini blogger Extra extra! Drew Barrymore goes Boho in billowing rainbow maxi to hand out copies of her new publication Stepped into the world of publishing Super mom! Zoe Saldana reveals toned tummy in crop top while picking up two-year-old twins from school Revealed her enviable midriff  Back in black! 13 Reasons Why's Katherine Langford dons an understated ensemble as she is swarmed by fans at Sydney airport Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Couldn't stay away Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine She graced the new cover of Beach 'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Furry friends Shy guy! Zac Efron keeps a low profile in blue hoodie for return to LA... after showing off pole dancing skills on Graham Norton Show He's not usually shy Basketball Wives: LA star Laura Govan's home burglarized as thieves take $700,000 in cash and jewelry from her Southern California property 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Miley Cyrus' fiance It's a boy! Actress Lake Bell welcomes her second child with Scott Campbell She and her tattoo artist husband already have daughter Nova, aged two Inspiring, indeed! Lea Michele shows off toned figure in tight floral dress at the Inspiration Awards in LA She was presenting an award at the ceremony 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself  Justin Bieber shows off his heavily tattooed chest and touches his nipples after hugging a bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York Having fun in the sun Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica First spotted in it just over a week ago Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a sensual pose to model her newest figure-hugging Good American jeans All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram Platell's People: Diana would tell William and Harry 'don't look back in anger' William has spoken of the agony of walking behind Diana's coffin Diane Keaton 'hates' her figure: Actress, 71, whose nude film scenes were meant to empower older women admits using designer clothes to cover up her body  Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Said to be 'head over heels' in love Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC Spotted out and about in New York City Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back In Australia with Ice-T Pippa Middleton's $150,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's vacation featured $320 kangaroo lunch, pricey bikinis galore and 15-minute flight costing $650  The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Singer was animated at game, even heckling Kevin Durant They're Down with it! Fifth Harmony wow as they debut their first single without Camila Cabello on GMA Four remaining members of the band Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert Took center stage Brandy explains 'exhaustion' from constant travel is the reason she fell unconscious on Delta flight out of LA and was later hospitalized Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery 'He's a special person!': Renee Zellweger gushes about boyfriend Doyle Bramhall while attending film gala with her brother Andrew Chilling out! Emma Stone looks relaxed in striped blouse and jeans as she enjoys down time after wrapping The Favourite La La Land star EXCLUSIVE: Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  Style Swoon: From bag silhouette Kendall Jenner keeps wearing to Alexa Chung's stylish new line, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving this week 'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off against Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Accused her of lying Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused Roger Ailes of firing her for refusing sex It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  All needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's 70th birthday bash Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles Married at First Sight star reveals his desperation to give his wife her first orgasm, after having sex with her regularly for three weeks with no luck Beauty guru Michelle Phan posts first video in months, admitting how her growing obsession with vanity and money led to her depression YouTube beauty vlogger Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump as she watches French Open tennis... after revealing she does not know baby's gender Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top in Ibiza Put on a busty display No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by her glamorous Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event in NYC Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... while dad Joe serves three years in prison Jon Hamm discusses his breakup from  Jennifer Westfeldt as he admits he may be a 'narcissist'... after 'getting cozy' with Kate Beckinsale Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in Los Angeles  in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat George Clooney's ex-girlfriend Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character EXCLUSIVE: 'I fight against my genes constantly': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Covered up for once Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez She's 50 on July 1  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé 18-year-old Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Spotted in sunny NYC Climate control! Ivanka sports bold red lipstick and short monochrome as she steps out in D.C., a day after shunning her father's Paris historic accord announcement 'It's disheartening!': Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks admits that her divorce from Apollo Nida is extremely painful Sean Penn 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after passenger on Delta flight 'made snarky comments' about star's carry-on bags Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping relationship out of the spotlight Chelsea Clinton flashes bra in sheer top at NYC gay bar's Pride Month event, admitting she wore green to protest Trump's Paris Accord decision A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at Los Angeles  screening for his new movie Baby Driver So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at LAX airport after quitting hit medical drama Moving on to new things 'He's trying to teach me how to hit the ball!' Katherine Webb and her NFL husband AJ McCarron enjoy a baby-free date night at Topgolf 'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' My how you've changed! Two decades after movie Matilda premiered we reveal where child stars are now... and some are totally unrecognizable She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Card said 'It's a guy' with a baby in blue car 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself in locker room Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of ravages of war 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Posted  views online  Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot The Peppermint Club Showed off her assets What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Brave four year old is smiling again She's just like you and me! Drew Barrymore puts on her makeup in the carriage window as she rides the New York City subway Down to earth star Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Flashed her legs Naomi Campbell stuns in one-shoulder gown while Victoria Silvstedt turns heads in a bright orange number at Monte-Carlo Fashion Week Gala Rude boy! Warriors star Kevin Durant appears to stare down Rihanna as he hits a crucial three pointer during game one of NBA finals Family time! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snaps of herself and baby son taken over his first six months as she vows to not to miss a moment together Katy Perry looks chic in purple leather dress as she promotes new album in Paris... ahead of performance at Manchester benefit concert Victoria's Secret Angel Izabel Goulart sizzles in barely-there bikini as she puts on a VERY steamy display with soccer star beau Kevin Trapp on Ibiza yacht 'This is my girlfriend': Troubled Charlie Sheen proudly introduces pretty blonde Jools as pair celebrates his daughter's 12th birthday at Santa Monica eatery 'You are labeled as loose!' Scarlett Johansson says it shouldn't be 'taboo' for women to talk about enjoying sex Revealing interview 'I wanted to turn my divorce into a positive': Gwyneth Paltrow FINALLY explains why she used 'dorky' term 'conscious uncoupling' for Chris Martin split Cinder-Kelly: Megyn goes monotone in white jeans, bell-sleeved blouse, and a black sweater to moderate Putin forum in Russia  Keeping it low key Don't take your eye off the ball! Rihanna flashes her cleavage in plunging top as she HECKLES Golden State Warriors star Kevin Durant during NBA Finals 'She started three families with three different people and f***** everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Sandra Bullock gives her six-year-old son Louis an affectionate pat while strolling in Los Angeles Happy moments for 52-year-old actress 'Why move?!' Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her bump in a bikini as she makes the most of her Thai vacation Mom-two-be kicked back on a sun longer  Stars in YOUR eyes! Jeremy Piven talks all about the launch of his under $30 sunglasses collection with Jamie Foxx, Hailee Steinfeld and Ashley Benson  Looks like hard work! Emily Ratajkowski sports a bandage on her foot and plaster on her knee as she films new scenes for thriller Welcome Home in Italy The men in her life! Single Chloe Grace Moretz sports a vintage Rolling Stone shirt as she strolls with two of her brothers in New York City EXCLUSIVE - Bruce Springsteen as you've never seen him before: Photographer who documented star's life for 40 years releases behind the scenes pics Nailed it! Karrueche Tran and Christina Milian look smoking hot for the Hollywood premiere of their TNT show Claws Sexy comedy-drama  She should be in the Circus! Britney Spears shows off her amazing flexibility as she takes part in a workout session in Japan Taking care of her health Is Carey Mulligan pregnant? Star displays rounded bump as she dines at London restaurant with musician husband Marcus Mumford Diva moment! Bethenny Frankel gestures wildly in frustration on set of her new reality show in NYC She's known for her emotional outbursts Khloe Kardashian puts her derriere on full display in skintight blue denim as she runs errands in Beverly Hills Added a burgundy tank top and gold flip flops Kathy Griffin claims she has been BULLIED by the Trump family as she prepares to hold a press conference to explain why she did THAT photo shoot Kristen Stewart looks typically edgy in bomber jacket and jeans as she grabs a coffee in West Hollywood with casually-clad girlfriend Stella Maxwell Smiling Selma Blair shows off her freshly dyed hair as she runs errands in Los Angeles... a week after letting her natural color shine through 'It is overwhelming': 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford says she's humbled after being swarmed by fans during whirlwind Sydney visit Melissa McCarthy dons chic checkered shawl as she enjoys Disneyland with her husband and daughters Spending time at the happiest place on Earth Ashley Graham exposes cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles Something boring you? Bella Thorne leaves a sweaty gym session with her older sister Dani... but the pair are glued to their phones as they walk along street     DON'T MISS New video captures the moment Tiger Woods struggles to blow into a breathalyzer test in jail as barefoot golfer appears confused after his DUI arrest  Tom Cruise reveals he did own zero-gravity stunt on The Mummy... as co-star Annabelle Wallis says it was 'incredible she didn't vomit on him' Well she is Beyonce's mom! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Tight clothing showed off her amazing curves Renee Zellweger wows in LBD as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Oscar-winning actress was a showstopper She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik, 26,  flaunts her stunning body at the beach in a skimpy leopard bikini and wows in a white netted top  Trump's ex-wife Marla Maples is spotted cozying up to a mystery man on day out playing softball in Central Park after spiritual getaway with daughter Tiffany 'This is your chance': Sarah Silverman tells Chelsea Handler she reached out to Ivanka Trump via Twitter and asked her to stand up for women 'One man cannot destroy progress': Arnie Schwarzenegger leads celebrities in Trump climate change protest as JK Rowling says he's living on another planet  Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age 292,  tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on the road Whip it real good! Leather-clad Hilary Duff plays a dominatrix in season four trailer for Younger which features guest star Kristin Chenoweth Irina Shayk beams as she's seen with baby daughter Lea de Seine for first time during LA stroll... as daddy Bradley Cooper shoots new movie nearby Ariana Grande arrives in England ahead of Sunday's star-studded benefit concert for victims of the Manchester terrorist attack  Manchester's strength is a lesson to the world: Prince William pays tribute to city during surprise visit to meet emergency crews who helped after bombing  Going hell for leather! Ashley Benson and Hailee Steinfeld coordinate in skirts and heels for sunglasses launch in West Hollywood Not impressed? Hailey Baldwin looks underwhelmed as she leaves swanky Beverly Hills hotel in biker jacket Looked chic in a pair of dark blue jeans Pierce Brosnan and beloved wife Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX following romantic Hawaii getaway  Stalk much? Tyga likes a comment left by fan on obscure celebrity Instagram account which THROWS SHADE at his ex Kylie Jenner Stirring the pot She's at it again! Edgy Kelly Osbourne debuts shimmery Mohawk braid hairstyle at Daytime Divas premiere Controversial figure when it comes to style The grand finale! Suited Justin Theroux attends special final episode screening of his hit series The Leftovers in New York City Joined by his co-stars Bringing back the fanny pack! Kendall Jenner finishes off a shoulder-less romper with a Louis Vuitton fanny pack as she heads from LA to NYC And on the 10th day, there was rest for Lord Disick: Bleary-eyed Scott enjoys solo night out... after raucous week in Cannes surrounded by women Sun's out, guns out! Wonder Woman star Chris Pine flaunts his buff biceps in Miami Vice tank top as he grabs an iced coffee in NYC Kesha shows her country side in a denim shirt and red bandana as she jets out of LAX with boyfriend Brad Couple of more than three years Taking a chance on her! Amanda Seyfried set to reprise role in Mamma Mia! sequel due out in 2018 Almost a decade since original film hit theaters So in love! Zoe Saldana looks chic as she cuddles up to husband Marco Perego at benefit for the Navy SEAL Foundation Adorable couple Jet-set Evan Rachel Wood looks trendy in a khaki green jacket holding her three-year-old son as she debuts quirky turquoise hair at LAX airport Leggy look! Keri Russell dons sexy black leather mini skirt as she joins Matthew Rhys at Americans LA event Keri went bare-legged in high-heeled pumps Bad Mrs Claus! Uma Thurman takes a cigarette break on set of her new movie The War With Grandpa while dressed in a Santa-inspired costume That's a far cry from Elm Street! Freddy Krueger icon Robert Englund, 69, hobbles along with a cane after 'clumsily' breaking his foot  Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21 Olivia Newton-John 'set to join daughter Chloe Lattanzi in new Sharknado movie' despite Grease star's devastating breast cancer diagnosis Heath Ledger's family attend scholarship dinner in West Hollywood honoring the late actor  It's nine years since The Dark Knight star died  Maggie Gyllenhaal stuns in flattering floral gown at shop opening in New York She is getting set to play a sex worker in a seedy new drama 'Love has no barriers': Celine Dion leads celebrities including Britney Spears and Selena Gomez in penning Pride letters 30 Days Of Pride 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Kim's brother speaks out 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat She was grilling him Keeping it casual: Ariel Winter, 19, dons baggy gray sweatpants and dark t-shirt for stroll with boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, in Los Angeles  Tat's the spirit! Malin Ackerman reveals her hip back tattoo while lunching in flirty halter top Between her toned shoulder blades NSFW: Girls Next Door star Kendra Wilkinson lets a Las Vegas dancer climb on her during male revue show... even though she's married with kids Hold my hand mommy! Kourtney Kardashian steps out with Penelope for a day of shopping in Beverly Hills  The mother-of-three was spotted at the valet stand Mellow yellow! Anne Hathaway looks slim in a vibrant top while out in New York City Looked summery in a pair of ankle-length white jeans Making sweet music together: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to a recording studio together in LA Looks like they are working on new music Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Blissful stroll with her daughter Peek-a-boo! Vanessa Hudgens appears shy as she dons demure athletic attire on outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Fitness fanatic 'It's a joint celebration': Proud dad Ronnie Wood marks his 70th birthday in style as he poses with his two biggest fans Rolling Stones star just turned 70  Today's headlines Most Read Putin tells NBC's Megyn Kelly that hacking of Democratic Party during last year's election may have been... Tragedy as high school graduate, 18, 'accidentally shoots and kills his girlfriend while showing off a gun... Children kept as 'wives' of alleged pedophile prophet had Lyme disease, rotten teeth and didn't even know... 'He's a very attractive, good-looking man': Hillary Clinton says Barack Obama broke the race barrier due to... Brother, 29, of child killer dubbed 'The Butcher of Brooklyn' is found dead and tied up in a closet at the... Eye-watering moment Marlins reporter's lightning reflexes and well-placed clipboard saves him from being hit... Homeless man 'stole wedding ring from the finger of dead Portland train hero' who was stabbed as he defended... 'I don't want to hear it!': Cute toddler sasses her father when he tries to get her to go to sleep Moment police raid aspiring rapper's home is streamed on Facebook Live as he films himself waving around... 'Society thinks all rape is just when a man pounces from the bushes': Woman, 21, reveals how her Tinder date... Just say no: Barbara and Jenna Bush will speak for the first time about their college arrests for underage... Former Penn State President and two other administrators are jailed for failing to report Jerry Sandusky... Gretchen Carlson reveals she was shunned by her closest friends and coworkers after she accused former Fox... 'I could hear things going on, but my eyes were shut': Teen speaks out about the night she was 'raped by a... Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of... Woman is caught driving in a pool lane reserved for vehicles transporting at least two passengers with a... Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his... Carmine 'The Bull' Agnello, former son-in-law of Gambino crime boss John Gotti, avoids jail with plea deal... Turkish-born NBA star Enes Kanter says his father has been arrested back home just one week after the... 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to... Ring of steel set to protect 50,000 fans: Huge security operation in place as Ariana Grande pays tribute to... Church member admits in court she was one of 30 people who 'slapped, beat, and choked a gay man to "expel... Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic... Special counsel Mueller is consolidating Russia probe to include inquiry into former Trump campaign chair... Trump administration approves new rules requiring US visa applicants to hand over social media accounts as... MIT scientists say Trump misrepresented their work and didn't check with them when he said Paris climate... Kellyanne Conway's lawyer husband George Conway withdraws from consideration for Justice Deparment post as... 'There's a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me!' Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump... Sean Spicer STILL doesn't know if Trump maintains global warming is a 'hoax' and the EPA boss won't say... MORE HEADLINES 'There's a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me!' Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video President Steve Bannon? Morning Joe says right-wing Trump whisperer is the real power behind the Oval Office – and is LEAKING to reporters about Jared Kushner's alleged Russia ties Scorned husband stomps on cheating wife and her lover as he found them naked in bed  Emails show Hillary Clinton didn't want to share a plane with Michelle Obama to Betty Ford's funeral in 2011 EXCLUSIVE: Mounting bills and scrapes with the law - How Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau struggled before he filed for separation from his ex-teacher turned wife The moment executive in charge of Apple Music 'yelled at Rihanna to sit down at the NBA Finals' Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke hits back at 'divisive and patronising' campaign to stop the band playing in Israel, calling it a 'waste of energy' 'I got to meet my queen today!' Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital in a heart-warming surprise visit  'I could hear things going on, but my eyes were shut': Teen speaks out about the night she was 'raped by a high school football star while unconscious' after he took a secret plea deal in a case that divided her Alabama town  Rude boy! Warriors star Kevin Durant appears to stare down Rihanna as he hits a crucial three pointer during game one of NBA finals ‘Don’t worry, be happy’: Putin refuses to condemn Trump over Paris climate change accord as a German newspaper prints ‘Earth to Trump: F*** you!’ and Europe and China vow to uphold the 'hard-won' agreement Led away by 'Good Samaritan... who gang-raped her in a back street': Harrowing CCTV footage shows moment man takes woman, 34, through Covent Garden before horrific attack 'I don't see it as such a big deal to have sex with married men': The glamorous woman who jets off to exotic locations across the world for travel dates but insists she's NOT a gold digger EXCLUSIVE: 'This n**** on TV trying to scoop up my wife!' Carmelo Anthony is 'fuming' over Chris Rock's bold pass at basketball star's estranged wife La La Anthony - but she says she was 'flattered'  Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself as grieving wife says he had a 'moment of terrible judgment' 'They were hauling a big creature': New footage reveals what Deputy Sheriff said he saw at Roswell, in UFO mystery that has baffled experts and conspiracy theorists for 70 years  German rock festival is evacuated after 'concrete' terror threat against the 90,000-strong audience PICTURED IN HER MUGSHOT: The 16-year-old who 'hacked her Uber driver to death with a knife and machete she stole from Walmart' 'Don't tell us how to dress - tell men not to rape!' Israeli women shed their clothes for 'Slut Walk' protest through the streets of conservative Jerusalem How Saddam Hussein spent his final days - eating muffins, gardening and listening to Mary J Blige Kathy Griffin loses remainder of her tour gigs in wake of Donald Trump severed head scandal after dramatic press conference EXCLUSIVE: Accused hacker Kim Dotcom says he will testify that murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich passed documents to Wikileaks under the internet moniker 'Panda' - IF the Justice Department cuts him a deal ‘One man cannot destroy progress’: Arnold Schwarzenegger leads celebrities in Trump climate change protest as JK Rowling says he’s living on another planet  Parents leave one-year-old BABY girl beside a bin for an HOUR while they ride Thorpe Park rollercoaster  'My career just ended': Recording reveals what pilot of Mike Pence's plane uttered moments after the Boeing 737 overran the runway at LaGuardia Airport Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's benefit concert for victims of the Manchester terror attack - which sold out in less than 20 minutes, as eBay crack down on web touts Cow born with a human-like head is worshipped by Indian villagers who claim it resembles a GOD  Cinder-Kelly: Megyn goes monotone in white jeans, bell-sleeved blouse, and a black sweater to moderate Putin forum in Russia just hours after she dined in a designer dress at St Petersburg palace Surf legend and neoprene wetsuit inventor Jack O'Neill dies aged 94 MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks PREVIOUS America faces growing teacher shortage SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO UP NEXT Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Duration: 00:44 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Apple today revealed how much developers have earned through the App Store, and from this figure we can glean just how much users have spent on apps over the years. Apple announced developers have earned over $70 billion since the App Store went live in 2008. Taking the tech giant's 70/30 revenue split into account, that means customers have spent over $100 billion in App Store purchases. Apple didn't stop with an earnings number boast as it also revealed App Store downloads grew by over 70% in the past 12 months, and active paid subscriptions are up 58% since the same time last year. READ MORE SEE LESS PLAYLIST Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Wochit Tech NOW PLAYING Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal Reuters UP NEXT US can now ask travelers for social media information going back 5 years Veuer Russia vs. Saudi Arabia: Oil giants compete for China's business CNN Money Here's who will pay to fix America's crumbling infrastructure The Wall Street Journal. This $13M Rolls-Royce could be the most expensive new car ever built Business Insider Service sector accounts for 64% of global wealth BBC News Musk departs Trump business council over Paris climate pact withdrawal USA TODAY People dumping Uber for Lyft? Fox Business The Dakota Access pipeline is up and running Newsy Would you buy a home from Sears? These people did and they love it The Washington Post World's largest airplane is rolled out Wochit Tech Ohio wants to hold drug companies responsible for the opioid epidemic Newsy Obamas pay $8.1M for D.C. mansion they've been renting since leaving White House Business Insider Talking taxes: What's fair for the rich? The Wall Street Journal. Printer cartridge ruling changes what it means to buy and own something The Washington Post What's in store at Disney's 'Star Wars' land CNN Money Luxury resorts lure buyers hooked on fly fishing The Wall Street Journal. More Americans are giving up citizenship, and it's not because of Trump Veuer Key tips to enjoy lobster season Fox Business New York's hidden rooftop garden Forbes 26-year-old CEO and self-made millionaire: Why happiness is not the same as success CNBC Uber, McDonald's team up on delivery service Fox Business America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC More from Wochit Tech You Could Soon Get Paid By Apple To Help Improve Maps Wochit Tech 0:38 University Students To Evaluate Designs In NASA’s Astronaut Training Pool Wochit Tech 0:53 US Scientists Create 'Dragonfly-Like' Drone Wochit Tech 0:37 You Can Now Have An Extra Set Of Robotic Arms Wochit Tech 0:43 Google to Introduce Ad Blocker for Chrome Search Engine Wochit Tech 0:39 Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Wochit Tech 0:44 Amazon's Alexa Won't Let You Forget Wochit Tech 1:01 Misfit: Customize Fitness Tracker Wochit Tech 0:45 Xbox Games Pass Is The Future Of Gaming: Released Today Wochit Tech 0:31 Google Releases Designs For London HQ Wochit Tech 0:35 iPad Pro 2 Release Date And Rumors Wochit Tech 0:44 Best iPhone Apps For 2017 Wochit Tech 0:38 NASA Announces New Mission To “Touch the Sun” Wochit Tech 0:49 Gmail Gets New Powers To Fight Phishing, Ransomware And More Wochit Tech 0:38 Amazon Echo Can Now Read Your Apple iCloud Calendar Details Wochit Tech 0:30 World's largest airplane is rolled out Wochit Tech 0:45 Recent Videos The Look Ahead CNBC 1:06 3 hrs ago Cramer's Exec Cut: Dow Chemical CEO says “America has to stand tall” after US pulls out of Paris climate agreement CNBC 2:00 7 hrs ago Cramer Remix: Yes, fidget spinners can help you understand stocks CNBC 1:14 7 hrs ago Dow Chemical CEO: Supporting renewables is 'advantage America' CNBC 1:00 7 hrs ago Profits push market past government news CNBC 2:05 7 hrs ago With LULU stock, it's no pain, no gain CNBC 6:35 8 hrs ago Cramer: With the stock of Lululemon, it's no pain, no gain CNBC 6:35 8 hrs ago Dow Chemical CEO on supporting renewable energy: 'This is advantage America' CNBC 9:21 8 hrs ago Cramer's game plan: Profits push the market past federal news CNBC 11:50 8 hrs ago ​Where do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ The Wall Street Journal. 0:25 9 hrs ago Here's how much FANG stocks can still soar: Tom Lee CNBC 5:12 10 hrs ago These classic Trump trades are making a major comeback CNBC 3:56 10 hrs ago Vacation stocks a buy? 4 trades CNBC 1:36 10 hrs ago The increasing teacher shortage CNBC 3:49 10 hrs ago What Twitter thinks it knows about you CNBC 4:17 10 hrs ago Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade The Wall Street Journal. 5:01 10 hrs ago Illinois S&P rating near junk status CNBC 3:47 10 hrs ago Maine releasing prisoners to fill summer jobs CNBC 0:48 10 hrs ago Retailers may have more debt than investors realize CNBC 0:43 10 hrs ago China's yuan hits 6-month high CNBC 0:45 10 hrs ago Stocks hit all-time highs today CNBC 0:35 10 hrs ago Morgan Stanley: Fund fees could fall 10-15% CNBC 1:00 10 hrs ago 10 business leaders sound off after President Trump ditched the Paris Climate Accord CNBC 2:07 10 hrs ago Paris Agreement is one step in very long process: Laredo CEO CNBC 0:45 10 hrs ago How do markets react after jobs report misses expectations CNBC 0:32 10 hrs ago Tight labor should equal above average wage gains CNBC 4:02 11 hrs ago The Video Riling Russia's Billionaires, Politicians and Activists The Wall Street Journal. 3:06 11 hrs ago 200 stocks in the S&P up 10% this year CNBC 4:19 11 hrs ago The Week Ahead: Apple to unveil new products CNBC 1:07 11 hrs ago The Week That Was: Trump leaves Paris behind CNBC 1:08 11 hrs ago AdChoices Featured Partners CNBC The Wall Street Journal Fox Business CNN Money The Street MoneyTalksNews Zacks Kiplinger The Look Ahead CNBC 1:06 3 hrs ago Cramer's Exec Cut: Dow Chemical CEO says “America has to stand tall” after US pulls out of Paris climate agreement CNBC 2:00 7 hrs ago Cramer Remix: Yes, fidget spinners can help you understand stocks CNBC 1:14 7 hrs ago Dow Chemical CEO: Supporting renewables is 'advantage America' CNBC 1:00 7 hrs ago Profits push market past government news CNBC 2:05 7 hrs ago With LULU stock, it's no pain, no gain CNBC 6:35 8 hrs ago Cramer: With the stock of Lululemon, it's no pain, no gain CNBC 6:35 8 hrs ago Dow Chemical CEO on supporting renewable energy: 'This is advantage America' CNBC 9:21 8 hrs ago Cramer's game plan: Profits push the market past federal news CNBC 11:50 8 hrs ago Here's how much FANG stocks can still soar: Tom Lee CNBC 5:12 10 hrs ago These classic Trump trades are making a major comeback CNBC 3:56 10 hrs ago Vacation stocks a buy? 4 trades CNBC 1:36 10 hrs ago The increasing teacher shortage CNBC 3:49 10 hrs ago What Twitter thinks it knows about you CNBC 4:17 10 hrs ago Illinois S&P rating near junk status CNBC 3:47 10 hrs ago Maine releasing prisoners to fill summer jobs CNBC 0:48 10 hrs ago ​Where do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ The Wall Street Journal. 0:25 9 hrs ago Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade The Wall Street Journal. 5:01 10 hrs ago ‘Wonder Woman’: The Long Journey from Comic to Big Screen The Wall Street Journal. 3:14 12 hrs ago Analysis: 3 Things to Know About the May Jobs Report The Wall Street Journal. 2:08 13 hrs ago CEO Pay: Three Women in the Top 10 The Wall Street Journal. 2:56 1 day ago Film Clip: 'Past Life' The Wall Street Journal. 1:17 Film Clip: 'Churchill' The Wall Street Journal. 1:26 Film Clip: 'Wonder Woman' The Wall Street Journal. 0:49 Instagram CEO Kevin Systrom: How I Work The Wall Street Journal. 2:20 Can Domino's Deliver Pizza Under 10 Minutes? The Wall Street Journal. 1:56 Barron's Buzz: New Man at the Wheel at Ford The Wall Street Journal. 5:16 Johnny Depp Returns With Disney’s Fifth ’Pirates of the Caribbean' The Wall Street Journal. 3:03 Film Clip: 'Baywatch' The Wall Street Journal. 0:35 Film Clip: 'Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales' The Wall Street Journal. 1:06 Barron's Bounce: Berkshire Hathaway, Impinj, Everspin Technologies The Wall Street Journal. 3:54 Barron's Buzz: Berkshire Hathaway a Buy Beyond Buffett? The Wall Street Journal. 4:40 Rep. Tenney: No proof leaving Paris accord would hurt climate Fox Business 5:10 5 hrs ago Rent vs. buy: Which is the right move in today's market? Fox Business 4:43 6 hrs ago Building Homes for Heroes helps one of their own Fox Business 6:49 6 hrs ago Langone: Helping a child feels better than watching a stock go up Fox Business 3:53 6 hrs ago Dobbs: The left has become increasingly malevolent Fox Business 2:21 6 hrs ago Griffin plays the victim following controversial picture of Trump’s bloodied head Fox Business 4:35 6 hrs ago Langone on where to invest in the stock market Fox Business 5:56 6 hrs ago Langone: The media hasn’t been objective Fox Business 6:09 6 hrs ago Did Trump make the right choice withdrawing from the Paris accord? Fox Business 4:16 6 hrs ago Payne: The market is reflecting America’s economic rebound Fox Business 2:57 6 hrs ago World leaders criticize Trump over withdrawing from the Paris accord Fox Business 4:57 6 hrs ago Huckabee: The media is overblowing Trump leaving the Paris climate agreement Fox Business 5:57 7 hrs ago Portland pro-Trump rally organizer refuses to cancel Trump event Fox Business 2:18 7 hrs ago Comedian Adam Carolla begins crowdfunding ‘No Safe Space’ movie Fox Business 4:39 7 hrs ago President Trump signs bill allocating more funds to hiring military vets as cops Fox Business 3:30 7 hrs ago Can the GOP repeal and replace ObamaCare by this year? Fox Business 5:11 7 hrs ago DJI Spark vs. GoPro Karma: The parkour face-off CNN Money 2:57 10 hrs ago Debunking Trump's economic claims on climate change CNN Money 3:28 13 hrs ago Top CEOs to Trump: You're wrong on climate change CNN Money 1:43 14 hrs ago High-tech pasta ships flat but looks beautiful on your plate CNN Money 1:20 18 hrs ago Russia vs. Saudi Arabia: Oil giants compete for China's business CNN Money 2:40 18 hrs ago Trump: U.S. will withdraw from Paris climate accord CNN Money 1:25 1 day ago 5 stunning stats about Under Armour CNN Money 1:33 1 day ago FIFA struggles to attract sponsors for Russia CNN Money 3:00 1 day ago Here's what Trump has said about bringing back coal jobs CNN Money 0:49 1 day ago This power plant captures CO2 from the atmosphere CNN Money 0:55 Inside the Boxed warehouse: It's not humans vs. robots CNN Money 3:14 Can Russia keep pace with the space race? CNN Money 3:20 Trump bump still won't slump CNN Money 1:17 What's in store at Disney's 'Star Wars' land CNN Money 2:21 Goldman's Venezuela purchase 'morally indefensible' CNN Money 6:59 How Tujia is beating Airbnb in China CNN Money 2:50 What's Ahead Tuesday: Will Disney Report a Magical Quarter? The Street 1:32 Closing Bell: U.S. Stocks Slide; Chipotle Briefs Workers on Food Safety The Street 1:10 Jim Cramer Is Awaiting Panera Earnings Tomorrow The Street 1:04 1-800-Flowers.com Seeking Sweet Valentine’s Day Sales The Street 4:38 Chesapeake Energy Says it Has No Plans to File Bankruptcy The Street 2:48 Here’s What the Broncos Should Do With Their Super Bowl Bonuses The Street 4:36 University of Phoenix Owner Fetches $1.1B From Private Equity Group The Street 1:29 Brixmor Property Tanks on Accounting Issues, Jim Cramer Says Avoid It The Street 1:01 Doug Kass Says It’s All Over for Tesla and the FANG Stocks The Street 4:56 Moe’s Attacks While Takes Chipotle Safety Break The Street 3:52 Jim Cramer Says There’s No Need to Rush Into the Market Now The Street 3:50 Midday Report: Chesapeake Energy Tanks; Stocks Extend Selloff The Street 1:11 U.S. Stocks Open Sharply Lower on Oil, Earnings and Fed Worries The Street 1:32 Another Monday, Another Global Stock Selloff, Europe Hits15 Month low The Street 1:30 Natural Gas Stocks Are Falling. Here’s Why One Investor Is Buying The Street 5:38 Bank of America Needs a Long Term Growth Strategy to Survive The Street 5:36 When the Fur Flies: Jetting With Pets Money Talks News 1:17 15 BEST RANKED CITIES for PARKS Money Talks News 1:01 How to Sell a House: Staging Money Talks News 1:41 How to sell a house: Curb appeal Money Talks News 1:35 How to Sell a House: Pricing It Right Money Talks News 1:45 Cheap ways to burglar-proof your home Money Talks News 1:25 Cool summer driving tips Money Talks News 1:30 Five Ways a Bike Can Make You Wealthier Money Talks News 0:55 The best vacations for $1,000 or less Money Talks News 1:43 Pay Less for That Wedding Dress Money Talks News 1:36 The best inexpensive sunscreen Money Talks News 1:39 Are dogs cheaper than cats? Money Talks News 1:36 How to Find Honest Investment Advice Money Talks News 1:44 Preparing your AC for summer Money Talks News 1:37 Slashing the Cost of Motorcycle Insurance Money Talks News 1:34 The best things to buy in May 2017 Money Talks News 1:17 All-Time Highs Approaching Fib Targets Zacks Equity Research 13:47 1 day ago All-Time Highs and Fib Targets in Sight - Dave's Daily Dive Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago AAOI and ICHR are Aggressive Growth Zacks Rank Buys Zacks Equity Research 0:00 1 day ago Bartosiak: Trading Broadcom (AVGO) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Bartosiak: Trading Lululemon (LULU) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 SEC Reviews Bitcoin ETF: The Skyrocketing Cryptocurrency Explained Zacks Equity Research 0:00 053017 Final B&B Edit Zacks Equity Research 0:39 Bartosiak: Trading Palo Alto Networks (PANW) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Top Stock Picks for the Week of May 29th Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Big Five Sporting Goods (BGFV) and Fossil (FOSL): Bull & Bear of the Day Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Oil Down, Everything Else Up Zacks Equity Research 11:07 Oil Down, Everything Else Up Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Bartosiak: Trading Michael Kors (KORS) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Sequans Communications (SQNS) & American Eagle (AEO): Bull and Bear Zacks Equity Research 0:00 Bartosiak: Trading Ulta (ULTA) Earnings with Options Zacks Equity Research 30:27 This Week’s Top Growth & Income Stocks Zacks Equity Research 0:00 3 cheapest big cities in America Kiplinger 1:36 Is Costco a better deal than Sam's Club? Kiplinger 1:30 3 dangerous investing mistakes to avoid Kiplinger 1:23 How long should you keep tax records? Kiplinger 1:18 3 Smart Ways to Spend Your Tax Refund Kiplinger 1:14 Why you should invest your tax refund in a Roth IRA Kiplinger 1:19 10 timeless financial tips from Knight Kiplinger Kiplinger 1:38 The simple secret to retiring a millionaire Kiplinger 1:14 Why a Roth IRA is a no-brainer for retirement savers Kiplinger 1:21 Best Kirkland products to buy at Costco Kiplinger 1:07 5 states with rising taxes Kiplinger 1:17 Best Things to Buy at Aldi Kiplinger 1:04 Tax tip 2016: Write off home refinancing points Kiplinger 1:13 Tax Tip 2016: Deduct Student-Loan Interest Paid by Your Parents Kiplinger 0:50 Tax Tip 2016: A Tax Break for Airline Baggage Fees? Kiplinger 0:52 Which States Tax My Social Security Retirement Benefits? Kiplinger 0:53 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Nasdaq 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) The latest set of supposed iPhone 8 photos are fake, and they show you shouldn't believe everything you see Antonio Villas-Boas Business Insider June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share You know those pictures that circulated Friday that supposedly show Apple's upcoming iPhone 8? Yeah, they don't. They're fakes.  That's the word from one of the sources of the leaked photos, self-proclaimed gadgets leaker Benjamin Geskin. After originally posting the the pictures early Friday Eastern Time, Geskin, about an hour later, dubbed them "fake."  Chinese #iPhone8 "Clone". Not going to happen. Not real Apple design. This phone does not exist. Don't worry. https://t.co/COJtfdFUL8 — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) June 2, 2017 Instead, Geskin believes this is what Apple's upcoming "special" iPhone will look like. Note that unlike the one in the fake photos, this supposedly real design doesn't have Apple's Touch ID fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone. Clone is wrong! This is how its going to look like. #iPhone8 pic.twitter.com/U7sY9hqm5S — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) June 2, 2017 There have been lots of rumors and supposed pictures circulating of the upcoming device, which will mark the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. The fake photos Geskin posted — which were also shared by Spanish language tech site iPhoneros — were intriguing because they seemed to affirm some of the reports about the iPhone 8 while challenging others. iphone 8 leak iphonerosMore (Not the real iPhone 8.iPhoneros) Like the phone in the debunked photos, other supposed pictures of the upcoming device indicate it will have a vertically-oriented dual-lens camera. But most reports indicate the iPhone 8 will have thinner borders around its screen than the phone shown in the fake photos.  Geskin's debunking of one leak and affirmations of another, goes to show how leaks and rumors never truly reveal the final details of any product before its announced. Even if someone obtained a photo of an iPhone 8 from a verifiable Apple employee, it ought to be treated skeptically until Apple actually unveils the real thing.  Keep a handy grain of salt with you at all times, people, and be ready to throw it at rumors.   NOW WATCH: Here's everything Apple is rumored to be launching in 2017 More From Business Insider These secret codes let you access hidden iPhone features Apple is stepping up its war to steal Android customers Here's everything Apple is rumored to be launching in 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Apple iPhone X (2017) rumors and news Digital Trends Best app deals of the day! 6 paid iPhone apps for free for a limited time Digital Trends This ingenious iPhone hack uses a hidden AirPod feature that'll blow your mind International Business Times T-Mobile and Verizon Offering Deals on iPhone 7, Galaxy S8 Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) Here's What Happened When Apple's Steve Jobs' Widow Met With Trump After the Immigration Ban The Street The Obamas just bought an $8.1 million mansion in Washington, D.C. — take a look inside CNBC 'Call his bluff': Mark Cuban tells Democrats how to punch back after Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal Business Insider Call of the week: BlackBerry could be the next Nvidia Yahoo Finance What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video If Trump won’t address climate changes, states, cities and companies will Yahoo Finance It's a great time to be a college graduate in America Yahoo Finance Buffalo Wild Wings' CEO is leaving the struggling chain after an activist investor triumphed in a monthslong battle for the board Business Insider New York prosecutor says Exxon misled investors on climate change Reuters Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video Two charts that prove the glass is half-empty for stocks Yahoo Finance Tech leads Wall Street higher; jobs data falls short Reuters Tim Kaine claims Trump pulling out of Paris Accord because he's 'jealous of Obama accomplishments' veronica: Seriously? Thank God the hag and this imbecile aren't in office! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 281
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US   NEW YORK, NY - DECEMBER 14: (L to R) President-elect Donald Trump, Peter Thiel and Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple, Inc., listen during a meeting with technology executives at Trump Tower. (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images)    ‘It Wasn’t Enough’: Apple CEO Sends Mournful Message To Staff About Paris Deal Eric Lieberman Tech and Law Reporter 2:00 PM 06/02/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Apple CEO Tim Cook sent a mournful email to staff Thursday expressing his deep displeasure in President Donald Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal. The tech leader said he did all he could to try to stop Trump from making the move. “I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement,” Cook wrote, according to Axios. “I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn’t enough.” (RELATED: Apple CEO Sends Consoling Letter To All Employees After Trump Win) The White House said that the Paris Agreement was poorly negotiated by the previous administration and that it will cost American jobs at the expense of negligible, if any, ecological benefit. Other advocates against the international accord told The Daily Caller News Foundation that there were many other disadvantages of the deal, including it undermining Trump’s deregulatory efforts. Cook, and several other tech executives like Tesla’s Elon Musk, disagree with Trump’s choice mainly for environmental reasons (rather than diplomatic ones), saying the accord is critical to help foster the creation of clean energy. “Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it,” Cook said in the email. “I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment.” Follow Eric on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Apple, Donald Trump, Elon Musk, Paris Accord, Tesla, Tim Cook Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About WWDC 2017 preview: Everything Apple is expected to announce on Monday Apps & Software 8 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Zach Epstein @zacharye June 2nd, 2017 at 12:53 PM Share Tweet Sure, we’ll have five fresh roundups next week that highlight each day’s best paid iPhone and iPad apps that go on sale for free. But there’s still one more post to enjoy this week, and you had better check it out now before these limited-time sales end. Don't Miss: The hot new $40 console that plays any NES game is already sold out, so get this $20 one instead These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. Orderly Normally $0.99. — Featured by Apple 2017 ‘New Apps we Love’, and now over a million satisfied users of our Apps — “Orderly is designed based on how the human-mind visualizes to-do lists !” It is a nice and incredibly easy to use to-do list app, that features a breath-taking interface, seamless cloud sync, and comes with “Location Based Reminders”, so that the users never miss a to-do task at a particular location. It is now updated with great features like unlimited categories or folders, and powerful search. Orderly displays the to-dos using the APPLE’s bookshelf metaphor, so that you get a glimpse of your to-do lists without having to open them individually. THE BEST part of the App is: * Orderly automatically prioritizes your to-do list items by moving around those sticky notes between various priorities * Key Features 1. Visual interface and layout, provides absolute ease for managing errands and chores. 2. Location based reminders, alerts you of a to-do at a particular location. 3. Auto prioritizing of to-dos. 4. Recurring to-dos. 5. Cloud sync across devices 6. Unlimited categories for to-dos. 7. Powerful search within a category or across all folders. * * * Highlights * * * * Create multiple folders and categorize the todo lists in it. * LOCATION based Alerts, reminds you of the to-do or task at the place you are in ! * Sync across multiple devices with DropBox sync * Complete to-dos with simple gestures. * Undo a completed item * Automatically prioritizes your todo based on the time and day. * Search through Archives of completed to-do lists. * Store in archive for any number of days. * Optional manual prioritization   * * GESTURES * * # Pinch to zoom out. # Swipe right to mark to-do tasks as completed # Swipe right again to undo a completed task # Swipe left to delete to-do task # Long press to delete or drag and drop to move a to-do list to a different priority # Drag and Drop on the “New” icon to create a copy. # Drag and drop on the “Flip” icon to move it to another folder. —- Orderly Premium — Orderly premium features, now has Low light mode and passcode protection enabled, as part of its In-App purchase. The cost of the In-App purchase is a one time cost of $0.99. Download Orderly iMySystem Normally $0.99. iMySystem provides a wealth of information about your iOS device. Over 150 pieces of information on your device separated into the categories: DEVICE, MEMORY, NETWORK, LOCATION and MEDIA. By default, changes are automatically monitored. Share any of the information easily. Now includes photo, video, new photo and new video totals and sizes. Universal app for iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch. Buy once, run on all devices. Some of the information in each of the areas are disk space and disk spaced used, screen and device resolution, L2 Cache Size, CPU, GPU, free and used memory, WiFi or cell indication, WiFi SSID and WiFi BSSID, IP Address, Cell Address, Bonjour Services, AirPlay Services, network Tx and Rx, Street address, latitude/longitude/altitude, # apps, photos, tracks and albums, folder names used by iOS and running or being killed processes. The summary area at the top displays device type, iOS version, free memory, free disk space, # of apps installed, and whether you are on WiFi or cell. DEVICE included a ton of details on your device including model, system name, disk space, free disk space, CPU, GPU, processors, carrier and much more. MEMORY information includes wired, active, inactive, other, free, used and total memory. Also included are two graphics for live status of free and used memory. NETWORK details includes network on, wifi ssid, cell address, bonjour services, airplay services, ip address and much more. LOCATION details includes street address, latitude, longitude, altitude, direction, speed and GPS signal strength. Also included is a map of your current location. MEDIA details include number of photos, number of new photos, number of videos, number of new videos, number of tracks, number of albums and more. The bottom tab bar shows the areas of information available. Selecting a tab will display the desired information or use a left or right swipe will switch between areas. On app restart, the last selected area is shown. Click the share icon to send the displayed information to a specific service such as Facebook, Twitter, Email, Tumblr, clipboard, printer or other service. Use in app settings icon, upper left-hand corner, to turn monitoring, swiping or map auto zoom on or off. When monitoring is enabled Device, Memory, Network, Location and Media information are updated as changes occur. Download iMySystem Tumbook Normally $0.99. Tumbook is the best way to browse Tumblr photos and videos on any iPhone, iPod Touch, and iPad device! NOTE:This app requires an Tumblr account to use. Features include: • Gorgeous, easy to use interface for browsing photos and videos • Quick access to your dashboard, likes & following & blogs • Tag searches to find what you’re looking for • View photosets & animated gifs • Quickly like, reblog & share • Follow & unfollow blogs • Easily look up blogs by name – Much much more! This application uses the Tumblr application programming interface but is not endorsed or certified by Tumblr, Inc. All of the Tumblr logos and trademarks displayed on this application are the property of Tumblr, Inc. Happy Tumbling :) Download Tumbook iDropLinks Normally $4.99. iDropLinks for iOS was developed in Germany and is the world’s first mobile application that allows sharing files from iCloud Drive. With iDropLinks you can easily deploy your work and files to your colleagues, friends or acquaintances by sending a download link – and the recipient user does not even need to be a iCloud Drive-user. Within this newest version of iDropLinks it’s possible to share folders from iCloud Drive and you can even protect your generated link with a password. How does sharing work? iDropLinks will ask the specific Download-Links from Apple in fractions of a second and will save them to your iDropLinks account, secured on German servers. Your shared files stay in the iCloud Drive and will not be moved to our servers. iDropLinks for iOS also includes an intuitive link-shortener, which shortens your links intelligently to a minimum. You can use the link-shortener universally in other apps, too (Extension). The app generates the download links rapidly, encrypts and stores it in your idroplinks-account, secured on German servers. iDropLinks offers the opportunity to share each created download link via dozens of interfaces, such as iMessage, Email, WhatsApp. You can resend and open links at anstimme. There is no limitation of filesize. Create groups to send links quickly and easily with just one click to your work group, your family or your company employees. If your iPhone, iPad or iPod is not at hand, you can access your shared content even through the user interface on the Web, manage content, create new links, edit and even delete them. The unique design and the intuitive user interface differs iDropLinks from any other app on the AppStore. The app does not include any additional costs and after purchase it is valid for lifetime. iDropLinks for iPhone and iPad is designed specifically for iOS. It uses 256 bit SSL encryption for all communication and stores your data (links) only accessible for you in your IDROPLINKS user account, secured and encrypted on German servers. In addition, each link is only valid for 30 days and must be regenerated after 30 days. Sharing iCloud Drive files without the iDropLinks-app is not possible, since the creation of the download links is not supported outside of the app. CORE FEATURES ● Sync with iCloud Drive * via iPhone, iPad, iPod, Mac or PC ● Universal Link-Shortener * with personal- or automatic- ending * using it without opening iDropLinks (Extension) ● Sharing * via iMessage, Mail, WhatsApp, QR-Code… * send to groups ● Safe everything with a password ● Supports Touch ID   SUPPORTED FILE-TYPES ● IDROPLINKS supports all file-typet. Only file-bundles are not supported.   MORE FEATURES ● No In-App purchases ● Once purchased, valid for lifetime ● Encypted account-system ● Supports iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch ● Accesable via any webexplorer * https://idroplinks.de/manage ● Encrypted communication (256 bit AES SSL) +++ Sharing large files via cellular-connection may causes stability problems. +++ Download iDropLinks Gif Me! Camera Normally $1.99. Gif Me! is the best way to create and share short video in animated GIF or MP4. It’s easy: capture a small moment with your built in camera, and share it on social networks. You can apply an image filter too. — Features — * Capture frames with camera * Import photos from your album * Import a video file * Import a live photo * Real time color filters * Add a frame, text on the animation * Stop motion or video mode * Send by email * Share on social networks (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) * You can remove watermark in settings * You can create stop motion, time lapse, slideshow or wiggle gifs You like Gif Me!? Please give us 5 stars! Your feedback is very important to our work. Download Gif Me! Camera FX-570ES Plus Scientific Calculator Pro Normally $2.99. Scientific Calculator is a full-featured RPN calculator that implements most functions of the beloved calculator. It is feature-complete (including programming and subroutines). Yes, you will have the best calculator with your iPhone, not need calculator machine anymore for your work! Just use this app, NO ADS in app, full function, and the great graphic! Download FX-570ES Plus Scientific Calculator Pro Findr Normally $49.99. Want to see what information Google, Facebook, and Twitter knows about? Findr scans the web based on an e-mail and retrieves all of your personal information such as images and links to social profiles that can easily be accessible by others if not well protected. Findr raises awareness on how important it is for our personal data to be well secured. Download Findr HourFace: 3D Aging Photo Normally $0.99. Ever wonder what you or your friends would look like decades from now? What about decades earlier? HourFace is the mind-blowing way to transform your face into and amazing interactive 3D image that instantly displays aging effects on your face. Turn yourself or your friends into wrinkly old-timers or spring chickens right before your eyes! “The result is amazingly real” – TUAW “No need for horror films, just watch your face age in seconds with HourFace and you’ll be screaming in no time.” – Robin Rhys, AppAdvice.com WATCH YOUR IMAGE COME TO LIFE AND BEGIN TO AGE INSTANTLY – Hold your device upright or flip upside down to immediately view the aging process – Go from young to old in seconds – Tap and swipe for cool and interesting animations SHARE YOUR AGELESS WONDERS – Share your 3D aging images via Facebook, Twitter & Email – Record and share the entire aging process via YouTube, Facebook & Email For Best Results: * The subject should look straight into the camera with head held straight. * Forehead should be visible. * Avoid shadows by taking the photo in bright natural light. Download HourFace: 3D Aging Photo Tags: Apple, appsale, iPad, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Tech Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display 2 Tech The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought 3 Entertainment AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers 4 Tech The OnePlus 5’s signature feature might have just been confirmed 5 Tech Verizon introduces cheaper prepaid plans with higher data caps Picked For You This is how much the safe Galaxy Note 7 might cost you By Chris Smith 2 days ago The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought By Chris Smith 13 hours ago Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars DEV Opinion ProBeat: Google’s Chrome ad blocker initiative makes Apple, Microsoft, and Mozilla look incompetent Emil Protalinski@EPro June 2, 2017 10:30 AM Google yesterday confirmed that Chrome is getting a built-in ad blocker that will block all the ads on a site (including Google’s own ads) if just one ad doesn’t meet certain standards. That’s right: Google, the company that makes the majority of its money from advertising, is building an ad blocker. This alone is crazy. Google already has the world’s most popular browser and it’s plowing ahead building arguably the only feature that would really differentiate other browsers. I find it astounding that none of the other major browser makers managed to beat Google to the punch. There is still time for Apple, Microsoft, and Mozilla to act. Google’s solution isn’t coming to Chrome until “early 2018,” a timeframe that could easily slip. Delivering an ad blocker directly in Safari, Edge, or Firefox this year could help these browsers in their fight with Chrome. And yet, I don’t expect any of these companies to do anything but eventually follow in Google’s footsteps. Apple moves way too slowly with Safari updates. Some have even gone as far to call Safari the new IE. Still, Apple loves playing up the security and privacy features of its macOS and iOS devices, slamming Google at every opportunity. It makes plenty of sense for Safari to have some sort of built-in ad blocker that not only protects users but also hurts Google’s bottom line. I also don’t really expect Microsoft will do anything in time, despite the rumor of a native ad blocker in Edge back in March 2016. The company has certainly sped up its browser development compared to the IE days, but Edge is still only updated twice a year along with Windows 10. And the features in this year’s second release, the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, have already been announced. Firefox Tracking Protection That leaves Mozilla, the only company I can feasibly see not only getting something ready in time, but making sure it’s superior to what Chrome will have. Firefox could indeed steal Chrome’s thunder with a native ad blocker. Like Google, Mozilla updates its browser every six weeks or so. The firm also likes to regularly point out it develops the only independent browser — meaning it’s not tied to a tech company that has priorities which often don’t align with the web. Furthermore, Firefox has already offered a feature called Tracking Protection since November 2015. Just like how Chrome’s ad blocker won’t block all ads (if a site doesn’t have any low-quality ads, they all get shown), Firefox’s Tracking Protection also lets certain ads through. With Tracking Protection turned on, Firefox blocks website elements (ads, analytics trackers, and social share buttons) that could track you while you’re surfing the web, meaning it’s similar to add-ons like Ghostery and Privacy Badger. The problem is that Mozilla only offers Tracking Protection in Firefox’s Private Browsing mode (akin to Chrome’s Incognito or Edge’s InPrivate). If Mozilla really wanted to one-up Google, it would bring Tracking Protection to the forefront of Firefox. In fact, Mozilla ran an experiment that enabled Tracking Protection outside of Private Browsing mode. While the company identified websites that didn’t function properly with the feature on, and identified domains which have been incorrectly classified as trackers, it ended the experiment and didn’t pull the trigger on bringing it to Firefox users. “Making Tracking Protection available in Firefox outside of Private Browsing is certainly under consideration,” a Mozilla spokesperson told me a few months ago. “However, there are some websites which do not function properly when trackers are blocked.” In other words, Mozilla is being a coward. Its reluctance and inaction have given Google the perfect opening to let Chrome further pound Firefox into the ground. The feature wouldn’t even have to be enabled by default; Firefox could simply inform users about Tracking Protection and let them easily turn it on or off. The last step would be proper marketing: Firefox takes your privacy so seriously that it blocks ads and trackers more thoroughly than the ad blocker only coming to Chrome next year. Unless Apple, Microsoft, or Mozilla act quickly, you can bet Chrome’s stranglehold on the browser market will tighten. ProBeat is a column in which Emil rants about whatever crosses him that week. VB Recommendations Sega is adding VR to its flagship arcade in Japan Apple’s Siri is expected to remain limited to a small set of tasks Pixar veteran creates A.I. tool for automating 2D animations
News New Music Culture Features Lists The Archives Share < br />this article: News \ Apple Exec Accused of Yelling at Rihanna During Warriors Game: I Was Yelling at Marissa Jeremy Gordon // June 2, 2017 Share < br />this article: CREDIT: Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Image Everyone had a lot of fun with Rihanna’s appearance at last night’s NBA Finals game. Her beloved LeBron lost, but her assistant heckled Kevin Durant; she also dabbed, and waved off some Warriors fan. However, it seemed like at least one person didn’t enjoy Rihanna at all: Apple senior vice president Eddy Cue, who was spotted allegedly yelling at Rihanna to sit down. Anyone else see Eddy Cue @cue say "tell that bitch to sit down" after @rihanna was cheering court side? #NBAFinals pic.twitter.com/iwRjjYEqno — BaerFace (@BaerFace) June 2, 2017 This, as you could imagine, was controversial. Oh cancelling my Apple Music subscription @cue – no one yells at Rihanna, especially not a grown white man telling her to "sit down" — Eileen Carey (@eileenmcarey) June 2, 2017 The tech world got involved immediately. Apple actually denied the allegation to CNET reporter Shara Tipken. .@Apple says @Cue was talking to someone he knew between him and @rihanna. He wasn't telling her to sit down https://t.co/2wTFL20UXz — Shara Tibken (@sharatibken) June 2, 2017 Eventually, Cue—who’d only tweeted four times in 2017—came online to clarify everything: He wasn’t yelling at Rihanna, but some other woman named Marissa. Nothing but love for Rihanna (and KD, too!) As usual I was excited about our lead and actually talking to Marissa, 8 seats to my right. — Eddy Cue (@cue) June 2, 2017 His mentions are nonetheless very bad. Still, if you rewatch the video it doesn’t look like he’s looking at Rihanna while he yells. But who is Marissa? Looks like this mystery is still open… Jeremy Gordon Tags: rihanna Recommended for you \ Kevin Durant Might Get a Ring But He’ll Never Have Rihanna’s Respect Report: Rihanna and Lupita Nyong’o Will Star in a Movie Directed by Ava DuVernay This Is What Your Favorite Musician Wore to the Biggest Fashion Event of the Year Enjoy the Heartracing Thrills of Rihanna’s “Work” Getting 1 Percent Faster Every Time She Says “Work” Kendrick Lamar’s New Album DAMN. Features U2 and Rihanna Did Bates Motel Just Rewrite the Most Important Moment in Psycho So Rihanna’s Marion Crane Could Live? Reviews \ Read More » Review: Chastity Belt Enter Adulthood on the Invigorating I Used to Spend So Much Time Alone Every Song on Major Lazer’s New Know No Better EP Sounds the Same Review: Lil Yachty Just Wants to Be Liked on Teenage Emotions Review: Bryson Tiller’s True to Self Shows Being Real Is Overrated Bull Sessions. Sign up for the SPIN newsletter and stay in the know. Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Submit Editor's Picks 25 Years of Talking to Chris Cornell for Spin The Unbelievable Story of the Most Expensive Record Ever Sold on Discogs The 79 Best Alternative Rock Songs of 1997 NEWS NEW MUSIC CULTURE FEATURES LISTS THE ARCHIVES CONTACT US SPIN.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. About Spin Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Mobile Tech Apple shouldn’t wait any longer to show the world that it’s serious about AR New, 2 comments Give developers the tools they need this WWDC by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Jun 2, 2017, 1:12pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by James Bareham / The Verge By now, most smartphone users have experienced some form of augmented reality on their phones, whether they play Pokémon Go, use Snapchat, or actually remember the days of Yelp Monocle (from way back in 2009). But for the people who make the apps, AR isn’t quite as simple, particularly when the apps they’re building involve 3D or “volumetric” objects — stuff you can walk around and interact with through the screen of the phone. Which is why Apple should start making that process a whole lot easier — especially if it is planning to release AR glasses in the future, ones that will need some sort of “killer app” or group of apps to justify their existence. Other companies, like Facebook, have now taken steps to let developers build AR experiences into their in-app cameras. You might not normally think of Facebook and Apple as direct competitors, but by doing this, Facebook has essentially set the stage for what is going to become an AR platform war on the phone. And Google already has its own AR platform, Tango. Amid the iOS, macOS, and potential Siri speaker reveals at WWDC next week, Apple needs to give due attention to AR. Augmented reality refers to any kind of computer-generated image that appears on top of a view of the real world. For the sake of this argument, however, let’s focus on smartphones. There are 2D AR apps: ones that do a pretty basic job of slapping a flat, non-dynamic digital image over the stuff you’re seeing through your camera lens. Developers say this is the easiest kind of AR mobile app to build. True 3D AR apps on mobile require sophisticated engineering right now Then there are 3D AR apps, which usually require more advanced software development and image processing. Think: Snapchat’s filters like the digital flower crown hovering over your head as you move around in real time, or the virtual furniture you can examine and walk around in home-renovation app Houzz. These may seem like lightweight (or lighthearted) applications, but Snapchat’s lenses require a serious amount of engineering, and the Houzz 3D AR feature took months to build. Another home-renovation platform that offers 3D imaging, Modsy, does most of its image processing after you’ve taken smartphone photos, which can take anywhere from five minutes to several hours. Afterward, it sends the rendered 3D images back to you. There’s another way to experience “true 3D” AR apps on a smartphone, and it’s a combo hardware-and-software solution. Google’s augmented reality computing platform, Tango, runs on smartphones that have a specific set of camera, infrared, and depth sensors. But right now there’s exactly one Tango phone model on the market. And some of the Tango apps are slow and low resolution. Since we’re not expecting any sort of hardware update to the iPhone lineup for the next four months at least — no new cameras or depth sensors that would enable 3D AR — that means any Apple advancements around AR in the near term will come from the software side. Some have speculated that Apple could announce “ARkit,” a kind of framework that would integrate parts of the existing camera with new software in a way that would allow developers to gather more information from the camera. Given that Apple chief executive Tim Cook has spoken so enthusiastically about AR in recent months, saying it’s a “big idea, like the smartphone,” this kind of framework makes a lot of sense. Currently, Apple doesn’t offer a specific API for virtual reality or augmented reality. There’s something called SceneKit, a kind of 3D-rendering engine for games, but no API for real-time object tracking. One developer, who spoke on background because of a pending AR app launch, told me that the one thing he has been hoping for is the ability to “hook into” the iPhone’s camera sensors and directly access the hardware in a way that developers currently can’t. Plus, if Apple really does plan to introduce AR glasses at some point in the future (something that has been rumored, but not confirmed), it will need a healthy ecosystem of app developers who know how to make or have already embraced augmented reality apps. Releasing a suite of developer tools for AR on the phone will presumably make it easier to move those apps over to future AR hardware products Apple could make. If Apple does eventually launch AR glasses, it’s going to need killer apps to prove that they’re useful, not awkward The last major pair of AR glasses to hit the market was the ill-fated Google Glass. Google Glass was awkward, made people uncomfortable in public, and even spawned the term “Glassholes.” But all of that may have been forgiven had the actual experience of having contextual information put right in front of your eyes been awesome. In other words: AR glasses are going to need apps so good and so useful that they justify whatever social awkwardness wearing a computer on your face creates. Will Apple be able to get major app developers to build AR apps for glasses, if and when it gets into glasses? Of course. But there’s also the very real possibility that the breakout app or surprise app for AR glasses would come from a less-established developer, one who wouldn’t have the resources to invest in true 3D AR if it’s as technically complicated as it is now. Apple has had a long-standing tradition of waiting to jump into a market because of the premise that it will do it — whatever it may be — better. But the company shouldn’t wait any longer to show the world that it’s serious about AR as a platform. Next Up In Tech Flipp is a buttonless remote that connects to your speakers over Wi-Fi Nutella employed an algorithm to design its packaging AT&T offers DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers for an extra $10 a month Vivo wants you to know its name so much it's sponsoring the World Cup Airbnb hosts reject guests with disabilities more often, researchers say Samsung is releasing a Pirates of the Caribbean themed Galaxy S8 that comes in a booty chest Now Trending HBO may push Game of Thrones' final season to 2019, and that wouldn't be a bad thing I’m just trying to give you a small piece of comfort, okay? Apple’s WWDC 2017: a Siri speaker, iOS 11, and what else to expect Wonder Woman is a tremendous win for a franchise that desperately needed one The DC Extended Universe finally finds its balance between troubled philosophy and thrilling action Dutch households will use servers to heat their showers for free A small trial for a clever idea Microsoft accidentally released internal Windows 10 development builds Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 18. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Flipp is a buttonless remote that connects to your speakers over Wi-Fi by Chaim Gartenberg 5 comments / new There are more cases of measles in Minnesota now than in all of the US last year, thanks to anti-vaxxers by Angela Chen 14 comments / new Someone stuck a Vive controller to a drone and made some very expensive doodles by Megan Farokhmanesh HBO may push Game of Thrones' final season to 2019, and that wouldn't be a bad thing by Kaitlyn Tiffany 12 comments / new Nutella employed an algorithm to design its packaging by Ashley Carman 11 comments / new The new Wonder Woman film loses the comic's playfulness — so don't expect space kangaroos by Noah Berlatsky 6 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Yesterday AAPL: 155.45 2.27 WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Chance Miller - Jun. 2nd 2017 10:14 am PT @ChanceHMiller Feature WWDC 2017 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The biggest week of the year for many Apple fans is almost here. The company’s Worldwide Developer Conference officially kicks off on Monday at 10AM PT, and throughout the week we’ve been breaking down everything that’s on the docket. Now, we’ve compiled all of that information into one big roundup, outlining everything that we expect to see when Tim Cook and other Apple execs grace the stage of the McEnery Convention Center on Monday morning… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Software WWDC has always been a software-focused event, with Apple taking the time to outline the future of its operating systems to developers, thus allowing time to get apps ready before the new software is made available to the public. We don’t expect that to change this year, so get ready for iOS 11, macOS 10.13, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11… One thing to note is that Apple is usually pretty successful when it comes to keeping software updates under wraps. Whereas hardware often leaks ahead of time, we’re usually left to wait and see what the company has planned for software. iOS 11 Headlining the software portion of WWDC will undoubtedly be iOS 11. This year’s update will bring interface tweaks, new features, and much more. Headlining iOS 11 will likely be improvements to Siri. As Apple also plans to unveil the Siri Speaker hardware device (more on that later), improvements to the software side of Siri are seemingly inevitable. Siri all around has fallen behind Google Assistant and Amazon’s Alexa, so Apple desperately needs put its Siri efforts into high gear. While not a whole lot is known about what Siri improvements could come with iOS 11, one report claimed that Apple will update Siri with iMessage integration, iCloud syncing, and the ability to learn from user behaviors. This doesn’t seem all that unlikely given the upcoming Siri Speaker, but nevertheless should be taken with a grain of salt given its origin. In addition to Siri improvements, iOS 11 will likely have a large focus on video content as well. This will likely come in the form of an updated Music app that “better showcases video,” if one report is to be believed. Apple will debut its first original content show, Carpool Karaoke, in August and could release as many as 10 original shows before the end of this year. There are also a handful of features that have been on iOS wish lists and could finally make their debut with iOS 11. For instance, one oft-requested feature is dark mode, as well as multi-user support, group FaceTime, expanded 3D Touch support in Control Center, and more. Lastly, it’s likely that iOS 11 will include a handful of iPad improvements, as well. Our own Jeff Benjamin highlighted changes such as multi-user support, enhanced multitasking, Magic Mouse support, and more Pro apps like Final Cut Pro X. A separate concept also demonstrated the idea of system-wide drag and drop, an improved split-screen app picker, Finder for iOS, and much more. With the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro on the docket as well, WWDC seems like the perfect chance to unveil a host of new accompanying iOS features. Read more on iOS 11: WWDC roundup: Concepts imagine what iOS 11 could bring to iPhone & iPad [Videos] WWDC Wishlist: How iPhone and iPad could improve with iOS 11 watchOS 4 watchOS will also get an update this year to version 4, bringing new features to Apple’s wearable device. There are a host of possibilities for watchOS 4 and the sky is really the limit, but there are a few things worth highlighting. For instance, there is always room for more applications, such as Podcasts and Notes. More applications would allow Apple Watch to function more independently of the iPhone. Existing applications can also be improved, such as the Calendar app. The Calendar app on Apple Watch is currently limited to showing just current month view, which seems a bit unreasonable in this day and age. Both the Workouts and Activity applications could also be enhanced with more detailed information, such as the ability to view workout data after you’ve saved it. Currently, you must use the iPhone to do that. Sleep tracking also seems like a logical feature addition, through Apple will still have the problem of battery life/charging if it wants users to wear their Apple Watch to bed. Apple just acquired popular Apple Watch and iOS sleep tracking platform Beddit, so it’s clear that sleep tracking is a focus, but whether or not it comes with watchOS 4 remains to be seen. There are also various areas around watchOS that could use some TLC. For instance, Now Playing could be made more easily accessible, while volume control would also be nice given the popularity of AirPods. Lastly, it wouldn’t be a new version of watchOS without additional customization options and new watch faces. One customization option I would like to see is support for custom tones for app notifications. Much like it did with watchOS 3, I see Apple using watchOS 4 as a way to continue making the Apple Watch independent of the iPhone. Gaining as much power as possible, while maintaining and easy-to-use interface, would continue the Apple Watch’s success. Read more on watchOS 4: WWDC Wishlist: How Apple Watch could improve with watchOS 4 Here’s what watchOS 4 could learn from the original Apple Watch OS Ahead of WWDC, what are you most excited to see in watchOS 4? [Poll] tvOS 11 tvOS might not get a whole lot of stage time on Monday, but that doesn’t mean there won’t be a host of new features coming with version 11 as Apple continues to perfect its living room efforts. Headlining tvOS 10.1 last year as a new TV app that aims to offer shows you watch in one interface instead of digging around for something to watch in multiple apps. The top request for the TV app this year is introducing it to more countries. A crucial hole in the TV app currently is Netflix support. At the moment, TV supports services such as Hulu, but missing out is Netflix, the biggest one of them all. Adding Netflix support to the TV app would be reason alone for everyone to upgrade to tvOS 11. One commonly requested feature is a Home app. While tvOS supports HomeKit and can act as a hub, there’s currently no Home app that allows users to manually interact with accessories, adjust scenes, or offer guests control. Expanded Siri support would also be appreciated and any iOS Siri improvements would likely come to tvOS, as well. Last but certainly not least, it’d be interesting to see Apple put an expanded focus on Apple News with the Apple TV. While the idea of reading articles on Apple TV doesn’t make a whole lot of sense, Apple News could integrate video content and live streams from news outlets for an all-in-one news experience. tvOS has progressed leaps and bounds since its debut, with features like single-sign on and the TV app. There is still room for improvement, however. Read more about tvOS 11: WWDC Wishlist: How Apple TV could improve with tvOS 11 What feature tops your wish list for the next-gen Apple TV? [Poll] macOS 10.13 Rounding out the WWDC software updates is macOS 10.13. As with the rest, not much is known about what features will come with the next iteration of macOS, though it does seem that we will stick with macOS 10 for another year, rather than make the jump to macOS 11. In our poll last month asking what feature you are most excited to see with macOS 10.13, Apple File System topped the list, while updates to existing apps came in second. Apple File System would bring macOS in line with iOS. An obvious existing app that needs some attention is iTunes. While Apple has done a lot to improve it recently, there’s still a long way to go. Housing Apple Music, iTunes, the App Store, Beats 1, Podcasts, and soon original video content, iTunes is cluttered and bloated. Many have suggested that macOS should follow the same route as iOS, separating Apple Music, TV, and the App Store into separate apps and macOS 10.13 seems like the perfect opportunity to do so. Furthermore, with the focus Apple is placing on original video content, it seems likely for macOS to gain a new interface for an improved video experience. Yet again, improved Siri support seems likely in macOS. One noticeable hole in Siri on macOS is “Hey Siri.” This is a feature that stands out on iOS. Furthermore, macOS currently lacks HomeKit support. There’s also room for new macOS apps, such as Apple News and Podcasts, as well as updates to Safari, Photos, and other system applications. Hardware In addition to a host of new software announcements, Apple also has some new hardware up its sleeve for WWDC. While the event has been almost exclusively dedicated to software in past, this year it seems that we will see a trio of new hardware products: a new iPad Pro, refreshed MacBooks, and the oft-rumored Siri Speaker. A new 10.5-inch iPad Pro As we outlined in great detail yesterday, Apple is expected to unveil its new 10.5-inch iPad Pro next week at WWDC. Earlier this month, a few seemingly legitimate cases leaked offering a look at the overall size of the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro is expected to be just a tad bigger than the 9.7-inch iPad line thanks to slimmer bezels. It will offer more screen real estate with a marginally taller and slightly wider body size. The device will also feature repositioned microphones that match up with the design of the new $329 iPad introduced earlier this year. In terms of internal features, the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro has been rumored to feature an updated A10X processor, as well as stereo speakers. Price remains unclear at this point, but expect it to be somewhere around the $599 price tag of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, if not slightly more. In addition to the new iPad Pro model, a refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro is also in the cards. It’s likely that this update will be minor and include an under-the-hood spec bump, bringing it in line with the rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro. We’ve also heard whispers of a new version of the Apple Pencil, though not much is known about it. But again, WWDC seems like the perfect place to unveil it, perhaps alongside a refreshed Smart Keyboard. Read more on the 10.5-inch iPad Pro and 12.9-inch iPad Pro: Hands on with a 10.5-inch iPad Pro case and dimension details Leaked 10.5-inch iPad Pro case compared to current 9.7-inch iPad Pro [Gallery] Another report claims 10.5-inch iPad Pro production ramping ahead of WWDC KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software Urban Armor Gear prepping case for 10.5-inch iPad Pro, with June availability Report: New micro-bezel 10.9-inch iPad to have same footprint as current 9.7-inchers, but thicker Photos show cases for new 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro, with rear mic holes like $329 iPad Release of new 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro models reportedly pushed to May or June KGI: Apple to introduce three new iPads in 2017 including a 10.5 inch iPad Pro, new ‘flexible OLED’ iPad for 2018 Eurasian filings indicate new MacBooks, iPads and Apple Magic Keyboard coming at WWDC Opinion: A budget-focused 12.9-inch iPad would be a compelling entertainment device Mac updates Apple also seems to be planning a host of Mac updates for this year’s WWDC, despite just refreshing the MacBook Pro lineup at the end of last year. Updates are reportedly coming to the MacBook Pro, 12-inch MacBook, and perhaps even the MacBook Air. For the MacBook Pro, Apple is expected to announce more capable machines that are powered by Intel’s Kaby Lake processors. The current MacBook Pro lineup is powered by Intel’s Skylake processors, which were originally unveiled all the way back in 2015. Launched last September, the Kaby Lake series is more powerful and battery efficient across the board, while also offering improved graphics performance. In addition to the processor bump, Apple is also reportedly planning a new tier of the 15-inch MacBook Pro that offers users 32GB of RAM. Phil Schiller had originally explained that Apple’s decision to cap the MacBook Pro at 16GB of RAM was an effort to preserve battery life. The new 15-inch machine, however, will reportedly make the jump to desktop-class RAM. As for the 12-inch MacBook, it’s been over a year since Apple updated the machine and it’s reportedly due for a processor bump this year. While it’s not explicitly clear what processor the 12-inch model will adopt, it would make sense for it to also upgrade to the Kaby Lake standard in the form of the Core M series, the ultra-efficient processors that the 12-inch MacBook has used since the beginning. Like the MacBook Pro, the 12-inch MacBook is also expected to gain a new 16GB RAM tier this year. Currently, the machine maxes out at 8GB, so the introduction of a 16GB tier would offer users the choice of having a bit more power internally, while still maintaining the slim form factor Last but certainly not least is the MacBook Air. While seemingly outdated, the machine remains a strong seller for Apple thanks to its low price point. A report from Bloomberg last month claimed that the MacBook Air could see a small processor upgrade this year, though it’s unclear if any additional updates could come to other elements like the display or if USB-C will be adopted. Read more about Mac updates below: KGI: Apple planning Kaby Lake processor updates for MacBook & MacBook Pros this year, 32GB RAM option for 15-inch Apple says new MacBook Pro’s 16GB RAM limitation is to maintain battery life efficiency Bloomberg: MacBook Pro upgrade coming at WWDC alongside 12-inch MacBook refresh & possible MacBook Air updates Siri Speaker Rounding out Apple’s hardware announcements is the oft-rumored Siri Speaker. This device has been in the news for over a year, with details gradually rolling in from various sources. It seems almost certain that we will see the official unveiling of Siri Speaker next week at WWDC. The Siri Speaker is said be a high-end alternative to the Google Home and Amazon Echo. It’s expected to be a standalone device that features some sort of “touch panel” for input, as opposed to the all-voice competition. Apple exec Phil Schiller himself came out against the idea of voice-only virtual assistants, so it really doesn’t come as too big of a surprise that Apple’s offering will incorporate some sort of display. Referring to the Amazon Echo and Google Home, Schiller said: Well, I won’t talk to either one specifically, [I] don’t want to. My mother used to have a saying that if you don’t have something nice to say, say nothing at all. Furthermore, it has been said that one of the selling points of the Siri Speaker will be its sound quality, perhaps integrating some sort of Beats technology, though it’s not clear if the speaker will carry user-facing Beats Branding. Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities noted in an investor report that Siri Speaker will be positioned as a “high-end Amazon Echo competitor,” offering seven tweeters and a subwoofer. In terms of design, the Siri Speaker has been said to feature a design similar to that of the Mac Pro in style, while also taking elements from the UE Boom’s mesh styling. A recent report from Bloomberg claimed that the Siri Speaker has only recently entered manufacturing, with Apple on track to announce the device at WWDC and release it later this year. This strategy would seemingly give the company time to further perfect the software side of Siri, which will undoubtedly be a crucial point of the device’s success. Ultimately, going into WWDC this year, the Siri Speaker is what we know least about. The device’s design has stayed under close guard and we’ve not seen any leaked images. When Tim Cook takes the stage on Monday, though, we’ll finally know all of the details. Read more about Siri Speaker: Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software Bloomberg: Unclear if Siri Speaker will feature display, Amazon open to Apple Music on Echo Phil Schiller says voice-only assistants are sometimes convenient Rumor: ‘Siri Speaker’ Amazon Echo competitor could see WWDC debut with Mac Pro style KGI: Apple likely to announce ‘home AI’ Siri Speaker at WWDC, positioned as high-end Amazon Echo competitor Opinion: I hope Siri Speaker is more Amazon Echo and less Echo Show What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Opinion: A Siri Speaker can learn a lot from Amazon’s Echo, but its success really depends on improvements to Siri Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Wrap up Apple seemingly has a packed event in store for Monday morning, with new software and hardware on the table. Seeing that Apple has already made a pair of App Store and Swift announcements, the company had to make cuts in order to fit everything into its two-hour event. Headlining the software portion of the event will undoubtedly be iOS 11 with new Siri features, iPad enhancements, and much more. There’s also macOS 10.13, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11, all of which will bring their own fair share of improvements. There’s also new hardware in store in the form of refreshed and more powerful MacBooks, a new 10.5-inch iPad, and the Siri Speaker. What are you most excited to see at WWDC next week? Let us know down in the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides WWDC17 Apple's WWDC 2017 is scheduled for June 5th - 9th at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. Registration opens Monday, March 27th at 10 AM PDT (1 PM EDT). View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 03, 2:23 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 8 Release Date Rumors: Sketchy Photos Of Touch ID On Back Of Device Leak By Denisse Moreno On 06/02/17 AT 1:14 PM Close Alleged leaked images from iPhoneros (via 9to5Mac ) show the upcoming iPhone 8 with a bezel-less screen display and a Touch ID placed on the rear of the device. The photos show the Touch ID placed underneath the Apple logo on the back of the phone. The images, which could be a prototype of Apple, were leaked by a source in China, the site said. iPhoneros said the source has previously sent over images that were proved accurate on multiple occasions, adding the individual has never sent them false information. The iPhone 8 is expected to  be unveiled in September, as usual, but may face release date delays due to the nature of these new designs.  Read: iPhone 8 Price, Rumors: Goldman Sachs Predicts New iPhone Will Cost $1K, Have 3D Sensing, No Home Button Meanwhile, leaker Benjamin Geskin also shared the images and said they were fake.   There have been previous rumors and leaked images that show a Touch ID on the back of the iPhone 8. Last week, images posted on Chinese social platform Weibo showed the button on the rear of the device, also underneath the Apple logo. A schematic of the iPhone 8 leaked in April by Sonny Dickson shows a circular hole underneath the Apple logo, which suggests the device could come with a Touch ID placement on the back of the device, like it’s placed on Samsung’s recently released Galaxy S8. Other reports claim the iPhone 8 will come with an edge-to-edge screen display with an embedded Touch ID on the front of the device. Apple was granted a patent for an edge-to-edge display and another patent for a Touch ID embedded in the display screen, it was discovered last month. Also in May, leaked images of alleged iPhone 8 molds suggested the device will not come with a Touch ID on the back. However, it seems like Apple is struggling with the feature. An analyst from Cowen and Co. previously said in April the embedded Touch ID was the feature Apple was having the most trouble. The analyst, Timothy Arcuri, gave three possible solutions Apple could take to address the problem: ditch the Touch ID and rely on face recognition technology, move the Touch ID to the back of the phone, or delay production of the iPhone 8 but still announce it this fall alongside the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus. The leaked iPhone 8 images also show a vertically-aligned dual-camera system on the back of the phone, which has been previously rumored before. The new look would differ from the current horizontal placement on the iPhone 7 Plus. Read: Apple Making iPhone 8 Bigger Than iPhone 7? Dimensions Leaked In New Renders Apple’s 10th-anniversary phone, which could also be called the iPhone X, iPhone Pro or iPhone Edition, is also rumored to come with a 3D-sensing front camera and wireless charging. The phone is expected to feature an OLED display. Apple was said to have placed orders for OLED panels from Samsung for the iPhone 8. Previous reports have said iPhone 8 price will set you back more than $1,000. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories iPhone 9 To Have OLED Screen Display, Apple and Samsung Sign Deal Apple Is Finally Debuting James Corden Carpool Karaoke In August Recommended Business Oil Prices, Production And 5 More Things To Know About OPEC From its humble beginnings to its global clout, these are things everyone should know about this market-moving cartel. Technology How Wearing Shoes Indoors Can Make You Sick Wearing shoes indoors is fairly common, but it turns out you’re trekking more than just dirt onto the carpet. World Cancer Found In Teen’s Bones At Witch Hill A teen buried in a trash pile at an abandoned human settlement called Witch Hill had bone cancer, and archaeologists don’t know why the child was put there. National Trump Administration Returns CIA Torture Report The returned copies are of a 2014 report which focused on the harsh interrogation techniques used by CIA during the time of President George W. Bush. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Desktop Software Operating Systems In-depth macOS 10.13 release date, features & name macOS 10.13 release date, features & name Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Adam Shepherd In-depth 2 Jun, 2017 Everything you need to know about the latest version of Apple's desktop OS Apple's annual developer conference, WWDC, is just around the corner. Alongside a new version of iOS and other assorted goodies, the company is expected to wow attendees with the latest iteration of its desktop operating system, macOS 10.13. But what can we expect from the new software? We've run down the potential new features, as well as the release date and possible names. See related  iOS 11 release date, features and rumours WWDC 2017 dates, news and rumours: What to look out for at WWDC macOS Sierra UK release date, price, features: Night Shift mode returns with macOS Sierra 10.12.4 beta 8 Features Rumours about what features Apple will include with the next version of macOS have been somewhat thin on the ground, but we can make some educated guesses as to what it's likely to feature. Following on from last year's conference, deeper integrations between the company's mobile and desktop operating systems are a fairly safe bet, helping the company to bolster its ecosystem and inject some more life into its services and subscriptions business. Another strong contender for inclusion in macOS 10.13 is the Apple File System (APFS). Introduced at WWDC 2016, the system is designed to improve space efficiency, encryption, and backups, and is optimised specifically for flash and SSD storage. The technology has been rolled out on iOS, but has yet to reach Apple's desktops, so it's a strong possibility that this could be the year it makes the jump. Design tweaks and changes are also a possibility, but given that macOS and iOS seem to be in sync from a design perspective, we're not anticipating any drastic visual changes. Name Ever since 2013, Apple has named its macOS releases after locations and landmarks in its home state of California. We've already had Sierra, El Capitan, Yosemite and Mavericks, but the next in the series is yet to be confirmed. Luckily, Apple has given us a couple of clues, in the form of a list of names that the company trademarked in 2014. Among the list are well-known Californian cities, animals, mountain ranges and deserts, including Ventura, Skyline, Pacific and Condor. Rumours are currently suggesting that the name of the next version macOS will start with an 'm', and that it won't be named after a mountain range or national park. With that in mind, our guess is that Apple is going to go with 'Mojave' - another entry in the list of trademarked names. Other options include Monterey, Mammoth and Miramar. Release date Apple's usual pattern is to unveil the next version of its desktop OS at its annual developer conference, and we're not expecting this to change for the latest release. macOS 10.13 will likely be shown off as part of the opening keynote on 5 June. Following the initial reveal, a developer preview will be made available shortly thereafter, with a public beta following a few months after that. The software won't hit general availability until this Autumn, however - most likely in September. See related  iOS 11 release date, features and rumours WWDC 2017 dates, news and rumours: What to look out for at WWDC macOS Sierra UK release date, price, features: Night Shift mode returns with macOS Sierra 10.12.4 beta 8 Read more about Operating Systems Mac OS Apple Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Operating systems Windows 10 release date, features, devices and free upgrade: Microsoft apologises for "unintentional" build update Rumours Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Vs Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Tutorials Best Linux distros In-depth Microsoft’s Fall Creators Update: Windows 10’s next update News See all Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 27 projects to try yourself Mobile Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops iPhone 8 release date, features, and specs: Apple's legal feud is great for Intel, bad for the iPhone 8 Mobile Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Mobile Rumours WatchOS 4 release date, features and rumours: What to expect from watchOS 4 at WWDC 2017 WatchOS 4 release date, features and rumours: What to expect from watchOS 4 at WWDC 2017 Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Dale Walker Rumours 2 Jun, 2017 We round up all the latest news and rumours about watchOS 4 ahead of WWDC 2017 Apple is expected to launch a new watch later this year, and in preparation, it is also set to announce the fourth iteration of its watchOS operating system at WWDC 2017 on 5 June. Here we round up all the latest news and rumours about watchOS 4, and break down its key features. Apple watchOS 4 At-a-glance Expected to feature at this year's WWDC in June Anticipated to be in beta for the next several months Likely to have fleshed out activity and health trackers and a host of new apps Jump to: Apple watchOS 4: release date and pricing Apple watchOS 4: features See related  iPhone 8 release date, features, and specs: Apple's legal feud is great for Intel, bad for the iPhone 8 WWDC 2017 dates, news and rumours: What to look out for at WWDC Apple watchOS 4: release date and pricing We will almost certainly see Apple's latest software iteration at this year's WWDC on 5 June. It's likely Apple will follow the same format as the launch of watchOS 3 last year, which saw the release of a beta test phase immediately following the presentation. The OS should be generally available to the public around September 2017.  As with other OS releases, watchOS 4 will be a free update to all users. Apple watchOS 4: features New apps The new OS generation should mean a richer set of supported apps, but there are a few in particular that users are craving for the Apple Watch. The Notes app, for example, would be a welcome addition, at least as a means to view existing lists, as it lends itself perfectly to a device that you carry with you at all times. Activity tracking Apple is likely to bring a swathe of new functionalities for fitness and activity tracking, including adding new sports such as skiing and snowboarding to the Activities app. Health will also be a priority; particularly following recent sightings of Tim Cook sporting a prototype Apple Watch with a blood sugar tracker, and similar reports suggesting the company was looking to sell a glucose sensor to help those with diabetes. Users will also be hoping for improvements to tracking statistics, making it easier to share a wider set of stats among friends and on social media. Some quality of life changes to fix buggy app syncing wouldn't go a miss either. Sleep tracking Native sleep tracking software has so far been missing on the Apple Watch range, despite its popularity among rival devices. Reports have claimed that Apple is working on its own sleep tracking software suite, which seems to be corroborated by its recent acquisition of sleep tracking firm Beddit in May. The main issues is that in order to track sleep the watch would need to have enough charge to last the night, which is normally when users plug it in to recharge. New watch faces and always-on displays The new software could bring some new, more elaborate watch faces, as well as the ability to set the watch face to always display the time. These have been highly requested features for a while, but limitations with battery life have likely meant these fancier functions have been pushed back. The new Apple Watch 3, likely to appear later this year, may be able to bring enough hardware improvements to afford an always-on display. Other anticipated features A streamlined UI that makes better use of the space available Additions to the Control Centre to make it more useful Improved Siri integration and a way to access the assistant while offline Read more about Mobile watchOS Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Mobile WWDC 2017 dates, news and rumours: What to look out for at WWDC News iPhone 8 release date, features, and specs: Apple's legal feud is great for Intel, bad for the iPhone 8 News iOS 11 release date, features and rumours News Snap's Specs finally arrive in the UK News Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 on sale in India: price, features, specs News See all Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 27 projects to try yourself Mobile Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops iPhone 8 release date, features, and specs: Apple's legal feud is great for Intel, bad for the iPhone 8 Mobile Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 03, 2:23 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Media & Culture Rihanna’s Navy Trolls Apple’s Eddy Cue With Memes And Gifs After He Reportedly Told Her To ‘Sit Down’ By Maria Vultaggio @mariamzzarella On 06/02/17 AT 12:50 PM Close Rihanna’s navy of fans is not here to play. The singer’s fan base took to Twitter Friday to destroy Eddy Cue, the senior vice president of Internet Software and Services at Apple, after he reportedly told her to “sit down” at Game 1 of the NBA Finals in Oakland, California, on Thursday as the Golden Gate Warriors defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in a 113-91 victory. “@cue don't you ever fix your nonexistent lips to disrespect Rihanna ever again in your life,” netizen @clapbackanna wrote. @cue don't you ever fix your non existent lips to disrespect Rihanna ever again in your life. pic.twitter.com/jLCnYjXaMy — karlie jenner. (@clapbackanna) June 2, 2017 “Oh cancelling my Apple Music subscription @cue - no one yells at Rihanna, especially not a grown white man telling her to ‘sit down,’” @Glassbreakersco founder and CEO Eileen Carey said. @Apple should fire @cue for his shameful comment towards @rihanna pic.twitter.com/6z7vNnCJfF — Fai. (@amityve) June 2, 2017 One person claimed Cue called Rihanna a b----. “We call women who are fans of basketball bitches now. I want a public apology not just for Rihanna but for my children as well @cue,” the internet user said. Shara Tibken, a senior reporter for CNET and CBSI who covers Apple and Samsung, said Apple denied Cue told Rihanna to sit down. “.@Apple says @Cue was talking to someone he knew between him and @rihanna. He wasn't telling her to sit down,” she tweeted Friday. You're OVER. @cue pic.twitter.com/ptOaiyKIEt — Chantell (@ChantellHayden) June 2, 2017 The controversy around Cue broke out after Tibken identified “this man” as Cue to the internet. “LOL. 'This man' is @Apple's head of Internet SW and services, @cue. He's a HUGE @warriors fan. And, ironically, also oversees @AppleMusic,” she wrote. READ: Rihanna Heckles Kevin Durant During NBA Finals After Battling Fat-Shaming Article She referenced a gif that showed Rihanna bowing to Cavaliers star LeBron James. After she was apparently heckled, she turned around and dabbed. “This man yelling at Rihanna to sit down during the game last night enrages me in a way that I can't even articulate,” one Twitter user captioned the gif. @tim_cook @Apple @AppleMusic You did amazing yesterday by pulling out of the Presidential committee. Now ask @cue to apologize to Rihanna pic.twitter.com/FGiQXJFUeG — Ima Rihanna Fenty (@prettiedove) June 2, 2017 Rihanna didn’t immediately respond to the controversy. Even though her team lost, Rihanna still supported King James and Cavs after the game. When naysayers heckled her about James, she said, “It doesn't matter b----, the King was still the King.” Being told to “sit down” wasn’t the only time Rihanna was criticized. She was accused of putting on weight after blogger Chris “Spags” Spagnuolo wrote a Wednesday article for the website Barstool Sports titled, “Is Rihanna Going to Make Being Fat the Hot New Trend?” In the story, he talked about her “high key thickness.” Ok, @cue telling @rihanna to sit down after she bows to @KingJames is the best! pic.twitter.com/9JQz48kLSh — Konrad Siemek (@ksiemek) June 2, 2017 The story was deleted, with the website’s founder Dave Portnoy issuing a semi-apology. “We have an extremely minor controversy going on with this fat shaming blog that Spags wrote. Lots of feminists not happy about it,” he said. “I don’t think the blog was as bad as many are making it out to be, but I’ll tell you this. It wasn’t that funny either and I could have told you with absolute certainty that feminists would hate it and use it as an example of ‘there goes Barstool being Barstool again.’” Rihanna's navy of fans defended her after Apple executive Eddy Cue reportedly told her to "sit down" at Game 1 of the 2017 NBA Finals. She is pictured at the event June 1, 2017. Photo: Reuters Follow me on Twitter @mariamzzarella Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Rihanna Heckles Kevin Durant During NBA Finals Rihanna Hit With Fat-Shaming Article Recommended Business Oil Prices, Production And 5 More Things To Know About OPEC From its humble beginnings to its global clout, these are things everyone should know about this market-moving cartel. Technology How Wearing Shoes Indoors Can Make You Sick Wearing shoes indoors is fairly common, but it turns out you’re trekking more than just dirt onto the carpet. World Cancer Found In Teen’s Bones At Witch Hill A teen buried in a trash pile at an abandoned human settlement called Witch Hill had bone cancer, and archaeologists don’t know why the child was put there. National Trump Administration Returns CIA Torture Report The returned copies are of a 2014 report which focused on the harsh interrogation techniques used by CIA during the time of President George W. Bush. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] Trending in Apple Poll: Will you buy the iPhone 8 with or without embedded Touch ID, or will you wait? Trending in Apple Opinion: Is Microsoft leading Apple in PC innovation, or is it all gimmickry? Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Yesterday AAPL: 155.45 2.27 Leaked iPhone 8 images claim to show rear Touch ID, bezel-less design, more Chance Miller - Jun. 2nd 2017 7:52 am PT @ChanceHMiller iPhone 8 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A handful of images have emerged this morning claiming to show the upcoming iPhone 8 with rear-placed Touch ID. The images come from Chinese site iPhoneros and are the clearest look yet at a design that has seemingly been at least prototyped by Apple… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover One iPhone 8 aspect that continues to lack consensus is where Apple will place the Touch ID sensor. Some reports have claimed that Touch ID will be located beneath the iPhone 8’s display, while others have said it will be placed on the back due to manufacturing difficulties. Today’s images show the Touch ID sensor placed on the back of the device, directly below the Apple logo. The placement matches earlier leaked CAD drawings, showing the vertical camera design, camera flash placement, and more. Some have claimed in the past that such a design on the back could actually be for wireless charging connections, though these images seem to make it pretty clear that it is indeed for Touch ID. Building on the images shared by iPhoneros, Twitter leaker Benjamin Geskin has shared a separate image showing the front of the device, including a nearly bezel-less design. While some concepts and leaks have depicted the screen wrapping around the speaker and front camera, this leak shows there still being a small top bezel housing those cutouts. As for the legitimacy of these leaks, iPhoneros claims that the pictures come from a Chinese source that has provided correct images in the past and “never sent us false information.” Meanwhile, Geskin casts doubt as to the legitimacy of the leak. Either way, it seems likely that this is at least one design Apple has tested, though it’s unclear if it’s the design that will ship to the public later this fall. iPhone 8 leaks have been coming rapidly recently, with the main discrepancy between each one being the placement of Touch ID. In a poll we ran last month, readers were split between whether or not they would buy the iPhone 8 if it didn’t feature in-display Touch ID. 44% said they will buy the device either way, while 43% said they would wait for a later model. View a gallery of today’s leaked design below and let us know what you think of it down in the comments. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides iPhone 8 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan WWDC 2017: Siri will make or break Apple While Apple fans will be salivating over iOS and macOS updates at next week's WWDC, it's Siri that you should be keeping an eye on. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | June 2, 2017 -- 16:00 GMT (09:00 PDT) | Topic: Apple (Image: CNET/CBS Interactive) All eyes will be on Apple as the week-long WWDC 2017 kicks off with the keynote speech. And while Apple fans will be salivating over iOS and macOS updates, along with whatever shiny new hardware is unveiled, it's Siri that will make or break the event. See also : Surface Pro (2017) vs. Surface Pro 4: Tech specs and key differences This year's WWDC will be an interesting time for Apple. For well over a decade the keynote has been a time when Apple could boast to the world -- and more importantly, other tech companies -- about how far ahead of the game it was, and how they had little hope of catching up. But this time is different. Apple is under pressure from multiple fronts. iPhone sales are teetering on the brink of a downturn, while iPad sales have crashed through the floor. And the company is lagging behind Microsoft when it comes to notebook innovation, trailing behind Amazon when it comes to getting hardware into the living room, and dawdling far behind Google and Facebook when it comes to AR and AI. iPhone 8: Everything we think we know SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 16 NEXT PREV No matter what sort of face Tim Cook and the gang put on when they're on-stage Monday, Apple is on the back foot, and it knows it. But there's one Apple product that could change all that -- Siri. It's easy to look at Apple and think of it as a hardware company. After all, when most people think "Apple," they think about the iPhone, Macs, iPads, and such. But the hardware is only part of the equation. In fact, building hardware isn't hard -- just look at how crowded the Android market is with devices ranging from treasures to total trash. Anyone with money can go to an ODM -- Original Design Manufacturer -- and get something drawn up and made. What really sets Apple hardware apart is the massive software ecosystem at the back end. Everything from iCloud to the App Store and the wider ecosystem, it's all about the software. And part of that software ecosystem is Siri. More apple iPhone 8 may not have the killer feature we've been hoping for Here's why you must back up your iPhone and iPad before upgrading to iOS 10.3 Apple to iPhone owners: We're working fast to block CIA's iOS hacks Is Apple's 'next big thing' the iPhone Pro? 10 things Steve Jobs would hate about Apple today Apple's been playing it slow and carefully with Siri. Apple acquired the technology back in April 2010 and baked it into iOS 5 in 2011, and since then the technology has spread across Apple's platforms to include macOS, watchOS, and tvOS. But with Amazon and Google carrying out a full-on assault on the living room with speakers and smart devices, it's time for Apple to push back. Because if it doesn't, these players will slowly start to chip away at and erode Apple's currently dominant ecosystem. After all, not only is someone who's purchased a smart device from Google or Amazon less likely to buy a similar Apple device, but they're also going to be looking at what else Google and Amazon have to offer, further weakening the ecosystem. Now some might say that Apple already owns the living room, kitchen, and bedroom, because it owns the smartphone, tablet, and smartwatch market, and people take these devices with them as they move about the house. But this is a weak argument. With the exception of Apple TV, Apple's hardware is aimed at a single user, and that makes it unsuited to home use. If your home automation setup is based around Apple, then you better make sure that everyone has iPhones and iPads, because it's not like you can pick up someone else's device to start controlling things. And this is where devices such as the Amazon Echo or Google Home really come into play. They're devices that are aimed at the family, not the individual, and that means they're far more convenient to use in a communal setting. I've noticed it myself. While I used to have to turn to my iPhone to control the lights or some other bit of IoT kit, it's far quicker and easier to bark a command at a nearby Echo or Dot than it is to whip out my iPhone and activate Siri. And remember to factor in how cheap Echo Dots are compared to Apple products. At $49 they're less than the price of two 2-meter Lightning cables from Apple. But Siri is the tool that will let Apple keep up with Google and Amazon, because it allows the company to create an interface-free device that people can interact with semi-naturally (I say semi-naturally because none of the voice assistants are currently up to the task of dealing with natural language, and some form of linguistic gymnastics are always required, despite what you might see in the on-stage demos). So, with all that said, here are my WWDC 2017 Siri-related predictions: A much-needed boost to Siri's AI (essentially new sets of questions and commands it can respond to) Siri will be able to recognize users based on their voice (this would be a killer feature for a communal device) A new Siri-powered device, likely a speaker, think Apple TV, but for music (given Apple's association with music, and the fact that it owns Beats) Text-based chatbot-style Siri (think along the lines of a smart search box) Make Siri able to work across devices (so, for example, Siri on the iPhone would be able to understand a command such as "open Numbers on my MacBook.") Five secrets to a faster, stable Google... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 5 NEXT PREV Countdown to WWDC 2017 Rumor roundup: 15 things to look for Apple will live stream the keynote iOS 11 features wishlist Apple needs to learn to love Android and Windows How to check if your favorite iOS apps will soon be obsolete With one small tweak, the iPad could replace the laptop Forget Microsoft and Google, Apple's next tech arch-enemy is Amazon CNET: Latest coverage on annual developer conference Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation What to expect at Apple WWDC 2017: Sure bets and long shots iPhone iPhone 8: Everything we think we know Mobility Browser makers not meeting mobile requirements Apple Apple expands Swift Playgrounds to robots, drones × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC What to Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, iPads, MacBooks, and More Michael Nunez | Gawker MediaJun 2, 2017, 08.30 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit appleImage Credit Continue reading Image: Apple On Monday, Apple's annual developer conference, WWDC, kicks off, and that means we will soon learn more about the company's newest and most exciting products. This year the event runs from June 5-9 and is expected to serve as the launching point for major updates to iOS and macOS, as well as some new hardware. This will be the first time in roughly 15 years that Apple will not be hosting the event at the Moscone West Convention Center in San Francisco. Instead, the the event will take place at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. We'll be on the ground at the conference, so be sure to check back for our coverage beginning Monday morning. There's plenty to be excited about this year, so let's dive right in. A new iPad Pro Image: Gizmodo / Alex Cranz WWDC is typically centered around software like iOS and macOS, but this year we're expecting some hardware too. The extremely credible KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says there's a good chance Apple will announce a new iPad Pro at this year's conference. Advertisement The new iPad Pro is rumored to have a 10.5-inch screen that will fit comfortably between the existing 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch models. It will also reportedly feature a new design with slimmer bezels. There's no indication of exactly how much the new device will cost-but there's a very good chance it will be priced similarly to existing models (starting at about $600). Siri speaker Image: Apple The new iPad Pro isn't the only piece of hardware expected to debut at the conference. Kuo also predicts that Apple is planning to launch a smart speaker to compete with the Amazon Echo and Google Home. In a research note viewed by MacRumors , Kuo reportedly said there is "over [a] 50 percent chance" that Apple will announce its new smart home speaker and begin selling them later in the year. Kuo said the speaker will likely produce excellent sound quality and will positioned for a higher end market (i.e. it will be more expensive) than the Amazon Echo. Sponsored Adding to swirling rumors, the extremely credible Bloomberg reporter Mark Gurman reported this week that Apple "started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker." Gurman reports that the speaker will differ from the Amazon Echo and Google home by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration into Apple products. The speaker will essentially serve as a hub to automate smart home devices through Apple's ( currently underdeveloped ) HomeKit platform. It will also help lock customers into Apple's walled garden as people begin to add more automation to their homes and subscribe to services like Apple Music. Gurman also reports that the speaker will have advanced acoustics that give it an edge over competing products like the Echo and Google Home and that Apple considered adding virtual surround sound technology similar to Sonos Trueplay. Advertisement It will also have comparable hardware to the Sonos Play:5 according to Kuo's research note, which says the speaker will have one subwoofer, seven tweeters, and computing power similar to the iPhone 6/6S. By comparison, as Mac Observer points out , the Echo only has one woofer and one tweeter. The Sonos Play:5 only has three woofers and three tweeters. In short, the soon-to-be-announced Siri speaker sounds much more powerful than Google Home or Amazon Echo. New MacBook and MacBook Pros Image: Gizmodo / Alex Cranz It looks all-but-certain that we'll be getting a new MacBook lineup at the conference. French website Consomac is reporting that it founds a Russian-language regulatory filing in the Eurasian Economic Commission database that points to at least five new models running macOS Sierra launching soon. Advertisement In addition to the filing, Bloomberg reports Apple will be releasing a new MacBook lineup to stave off competition from Microsoft's striking new Surface Laptop . The new MacBook Pro will get a bump to the latest seventh-generation Intel Core processors, giving it a significant hardware boost. One of the more remarkable rumors is that Apple could revive the 12-inch and 13-inch MacBook Airs by giving them a nice hardware bump, according to Bloomberg . Analysts aren't expecting any major design changes to either the MacBook or MacBook Pro, but say the new MacBook Air could have a new look. Advertisement John Gruber reported in April that Apple is working hard on a " completely rethought " Mac Pro with a modular design. The new design is supposed to accommodate high-end CPUs and GPUs and make it easier for people to update the computer with new components on a regular basis. The company is also working on pro displays to ship with the new desktops. Unfortunately, Gruber reports that the next-gen Mac Pros "will not ship this year" meaning they likely will not make an appearance at WWDC. A first look at iOS 11 Image: Gizmodo Don't get your hopes up for new iPhone models. They probably aren't coming until later this year. What you can expect at WWDC, though, is a big focus on Apple's new mobile operating system, iOS 11. We don't know much about the OS ahead of the show, but we're expecting a bunch of updates that focus on artificial intelligence. A sketchy rumor from Israeli publication the Verifier suggests that Siri will add contextual learning and better integration into Apple services like iMessage and iCloud. Advertisement Other updates to the operating system, according to 9to5Mac , could include features like group FaceTime, meaning that you'll be able to video conference multiple people from your phone. There's also a rumor that iMessage will add multi-person calls, making it easier to have up to five people join a single call. The most dramatic changes will be specifically tailored to the iPad. 9to5Mac reports that things like multi-user login to be added to the operating system while other blogs like MacRumors suggest Apple is working on expanded Apple Pencil support for the iPad Pro. Updates to macOS, WatchOS, and tvOS Last year, Apple decided to drop the "X" from its desktop operating system's name, instead calling it simply macOS. As part of the update, Apple started integrating even more iOS features into the desktop with things like Siri for Mac and Apple Pay for the web. Advertisement Advertisement This year, we're expecting to see the second iteration of macOS (10.13), but there aren't any hard details about what exactly. We should also see updates to other operating systems including WatchOS for the Apple Watch and tvOS for the Apple TV, according to the Telegraph . This essentially means that every operating system in the Apple ecosystem will receive a significant update, and that seems like a reasonable expectation considering the event is specifically tailored to get developers excited about building apps for Apple products. As always, we'll be covering the conference as news breaks, so be sure to check back here June 5-9 for more info about the latest updates, and we'll keep updating this story as more information becomes available. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Applewwdc 2017WWDCSiriMacOSMacBook AirMacbookiOS 11 Next StoryThe Moon's South Pole May Be Icier Than We Realized Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us More from this author Here's Our First Look at Android Creator Andy Rubin's Super Hyped Secret Mystery Smartphone Good Deal Alert: RadioShack Is Selling Its Musty Old Clipboards for Only 50 Cents Related stories RIP the Macbook Air Apple readying 'ultra-thin' Retina MacBook Air and Apple Watch in spring 2015 So Where's That Retina MacBook Air? HP's New Laptop Definitely Isn't A Macbook Air The Pricey Touch Bar-Free MacBook Pro Wants to Be Your Next MacBook Air Apple's 12-inch MacBook Air Is 'Thinner' And Will Come In Gold: Report FROM THE WEB In conversation with Vivek Wadhwa State Farm Insurance Increase quality traffic on your website. COLOMBIA 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer 12 astonishing amazing parks you can visit in USA Viral Vacation Ideas Earn profits from Premium Commercial Properties in India Property Share Top 10 most successful actor director duos in Bollywood. BollywoodUnion MORE FROM GIZMODO SpaceX to Fly a Recycled Spacecraft for the First Time Toni Sony Mobile to discontinue mid-range Xperia line up This Freaky Frog Is So Transparent You Can See Its Internal Sticking a Camera Under a Faucet Feels Like Hurdling Down a BA CEO Cruz says power supply issue caused global IT failur Watching Lightning Strike a Building in Super Slow Motion Is You May Like 2017 Pickup Trucks You Have To See To Believe Ad: Truck Sponsored Ads 20 Cars to Avoid At All Costs in 2017 Ad: SheBudgets.com See The Insane $59 Million Estate Tom Cruise Is Selling Ad: Lonny 23 Baby Names Parents Say They Regret Giving Their Kids Ad: CafeMom Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a Disaster Ad: Two Red Dots 6 Home Renos that Can Devalue a Home Ad: Bankrate Apple WWDC Apple’s WWDC 2017 begins on June in San Jose, here’s what we can expect ... Apple Handpicks Its 12 Favorite Apps at WWDC ... iOS 10's Coolest New Features in Gifs ... A Guide to Apple's Radically Reimagined Messages App ... More Editor's Pick Apple has quarter of a trillion dollars in cash. Here are 5 things it can do with that mu ... A Google engineer recreated a DSLR photo using a Nexus 6P with absolute perfection ... Hello, Hello, this is Xiaomi’s best phone for 2017 and it’s a baller ... Hot Right Now The More Female Dumpling Squids Bone, the Sooner They Die The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet Ad: Livingly Companies Think President Trump's Withdrawal From the Paris Accord Is Fucking Stupid What to Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, iPads, MacBooks, and More Researchers Used Rideshare Service To Test a Stingray-Detecting Device  Neptune's Rings Are Tragically Underrated When Will Robots Deserve Human Rights? Thief Stole Backpack and Wedding Ring From Dying Portland Hero After Terrorist Attack Porm The Climate Deniers Have Won Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop LYF Water 10 4G VoLTE- 16GB (Black) ₹ 6070BUY3GB RAM, 4G VoLTE Apple iPhone 6 - 32GB (Space Grey) ₹ 27500BUYiOS 10, 8MP Cam, 4G Lenovo A7700 - 2GB RAM (Black) ₹ 7778BUY2GB RAM, 8MP+2MP Cam The Moon's South Pole May Be Icier Than We Realized Porm When Will Robots Deserve Human Rights? Thief Stole Backpack and Wedding Ring From Dying Portland Hero After Terrorist Attack Companies Think President Trump's Withdrawal From the Paris Accord Is Fucking Stupid Workplace App Scrambles to Rescue Users Who Foolishly Used Its Service to Store Passwords Scientists Name Protein After Minions, America's Favorite Movie Characters This Robotic Exosuit Could Turn You Into a Super Athlete Elon Musk Quits Donald Trump 1What to Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, iPads, MacBooks, and More 2The Moon's South Pole May Be Icier Than We Realized 3Porm 4When Will Robots Deserve Human Rights? 5Thief Stole Backpack and Wedding Ring From Dying Portland Hero After Terrorist Attack 6Companies Think President Trump's Withdrawal From the Paris Accord Is Fucking Stupid 7Workplace App Scrambles to Rescue Users Who Foolishly Used Its Service to Store Passwords 8Scientists Name Protein After Minions, America's Favorite Movie Characters 9This Robotic Exosuit Could Turn You Into a Super Athlete 10Elon Musk Quits Donald Trump About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS More from our Partners Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Developer earnings from Apple's App Store tops $ 70 billion Developer earnings from Apple's App Store tops $ 70 billion Source : SIFY Last Updated: Fri, Jun 02, 2017 16:27 hrs Cupertino, California: Apple announced that its global developer community has earned over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008. The App Store, home to the most innovative apps in the world, has seen downloads grow over 70% in the past 12 months alone. From breakout hits like Pokémon GO and Super Mario Run to other standout launches such as CancerAid, SPACE by THIX, Zones for Training with Exercise Intensity, Vanido, Ace Tennis and Havenly, customers discover and experience new apps and games every day on the App Store. “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” With the recently introduced iOS 10, app users are able to connect and collaborate in exciting new ways, such as on a fashion sketch with Prêt à Template. Since the release of iOS 10 last fall, iPhone and iPad users have also experienced new engaging and creative ways to connect, such as giving a friend a Starbucks gift card using Apple Pay, collaborating on a fashion design sketch using Prêt à Template or making someone smile with an endless assortment of stickers. The subscription business model is now available across every app category — Tastemade is a mobile-first cooking network that has its own app. With the subscription business model now available to developers across all 25 app categories, the App Store’s active paid subscriptions are up 58% year over year. Customers are enjoying subscriptions across a wide variety of services including longtime favorites such as Netflix and Hulu as well as newcomers like Tastemade, the modern, mobile-first cooking network, and photo editing apps like Over and Enlight. App Store developers from around the world create apps for customers in 155 countries that improve lives, rethink industries and shape culture. Gaming and Entertainment are top-grossing categories, and Lifestyle apps as well as Health and Fitness have experienced over 70% growth in the past year. The Photo and Video category is also among the fastest-growing at nearly 90% growth. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27650.00 (0.14%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28210.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28500.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28080.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27560.00 (-0.18%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Rob Nightingale June 2, 2017 02-06-2017 8 minutes 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email In the 1980s, IBM started placing “remote terminals” in the homes of some of its employees. By 2009, 40 percent of the company’s 386,000 employees no longer needed to turn up to an office each day. Forward to 2017, and IBM is traveling back in time. Thousands of employees are being told they have to start working from set locations, or wave goodbye to their jobs. The irony is hard to ignore. Just this year, an IBM panel discussion mirrored the findings of a 2014 whitepaper from IBM’s own Smarter Workplace Institute: “The remote workers in this research were highly engaged, more likely to consider their workplaces as innovative, happier about their job prospects and less stressed than their more traditional, office-bound colleagues.” Other research agrees, showing remote workers to log more hours and do better work. Image Credit: Steven Zwerink via Flickr Some say that 19 consecutive quarters of falling sales have left IMB looking to trim the workforce without resorting to layoffs. Whatever the reason, in cases like these, the best talent will find other jobs — jobs that take employees’ work-life balance seriously. Just look at how a similar move by Yahoo  in 2013 ended with the company selling to Verizon for less than 5 percent of its peak price. Remote Work Is the Future According to recent findings by Gallup, 43 percent of the American workforce already spends some of its time working remotely. The report states, “Flexible scheduling and work-from-home opportunities play a major role in an employee’s decision to take or leave a job.” With that in mind, many of IMB’s employees are looking for other opportunities. And so are employees of other companies who are being forced fo endure outdated ways of working. Cubicles suck, after all. Thankfully, there’s a huge (and growing) number of respectable employers happy to take on remote workers Working Remotely Is The Future! This Is How LinkedIn Can Help You Working Remotely Is The Future! This Is How LinkedIn Can Help You A remote or telecommute job is the holy grail of job searching. Leverage the resources on LinkedIn to find your dream job. Read More . These Companies Hire Remote Workers Image Credit: Buffer Retreats via Buffer 1. Adobe A world-class company specializing in the creative fields Your Guide to Choosing The Right Adobe Product Your Guide to Choosing The Right Adobe Product When most people think of Adobe, they either think of Photoshop or Acrobat Reader. But the company has a plethora of other useful software packages that most people know nothing about. Read More , Adobe hires a huge amount of top talent. Although not all of the company’s positions are remote, there is a good number to choose from. Many of these can be found on Flexjobs. 2. Apple If you’re after complete flexibility or want to be a digital nomad Life on the Road: The History of Digital Nomadism Life on the Road: The History of Digital Nomadism Read More , Apple isn’t the company for you. But Apple does have a flexible work environment to give you more control over your schedule. Again, available remote positions can be found on FlexJobs. 3. Automattic This is the company behind WordPress, WooCommerce, Longreads, and more. Automattic’s mission is to “make the web a better place.” It does this through an entirely distributed (and massively talented) team, spread across 50 countries. All the employees get together once per year for a seven-day retreat to help the team to bond. 4. Amazon Needing no introduction, Amazon has a range of remote work opportunities. A lot of these are in the customer service and sales departments, but more technical jobs 6 of the Best Paying Tech Careers for 2016 6 of the Best Paying Tech Careers for 2016 Investing in the right technology career requires planning and foresight. These six career options are expected to be the hottest in the next few years. Are you ready? Read More  do pop up occasionally. 5. American Express American Express claims to “value work-life balance, just as you do” and therefore offers a decent selection of telecommuting jobs. Recently named one of the top 20 companies for remote work, this is definitely one to check out. Look out for openings on Flexjobs. Image Credit: Steven Zwerink via Flickr 6. Basecamp Headquartered in Chicago but dispersed across 32 cities around the world, Basecamp is known to be an incredibly fun, close-knit team to join. You’ll be working on a fast-growing project management platform that many users fall in love with as soon as they use it. 7. Buffer One of the most transparent companies on the net, Buffer is a pioneer in remote work. Managing an entirely distributed team, the company has managed to build a loyal — and growing — following of social media managers who want an easier way to schedule their posts Buffer Takes Social Media Scheduling To The Next Level With Video Buffer Takes Social Media Scheduling To The Next Level With Video If you are a social media junkie, who likes to post ten times a day, then the tool you must have on your computer is Buffer. And Buffer now does video. Read More . 8. CleverTech CleverTech is apparently made up of a “remote but absurdly talented group of people.” There’s almost always a range of technical roles available, where you’ll be creating “bespoke technology solutions” for huge clients around the globe. 9. Dell Another huge company offering a good choice of remote work, Dell also offers plenty of flextime and compressed workweeks in a number of departments. These range from developers to data scientists. A detailed list can also be found on Flexjobs. 10. Doist The team behind my top to-do list app To-Do List App Showdown: Any.do vs Todoist vs Wunderlist To-Do List App Showdown: Any.do vs Todoist vs Wunderlist Some to-do list apps stand head and shoulders above the rest. But how do they compare and which one is best for you? We'll help you find out. Read More (ToDoist) is almost entirely remote, with everyone “free to make [their] own schedules and connect with the rest of the team throughout the day (or night).” 11. DuckDuckGo One of Google’s major search competitors, DuckDuckGo is aiming to “raise the standard of trust online DuckDuckGo Celebrates 10 Billion Searches DuckDuckGo Celebrates 10 Billion Searches DuckDuckGo recently achieved a massive milestone by racking up 10 billion searches since its inception. And yet most people have still never heard of DuckDuckGo... Read More .” The company recognizes that people work best in different environments, and therefore trust their team to work remotely, from wherever they like. Image Credit: David Martyn Hunt via Flickr 12. Envato Although based in Melbourne, Envato employs plenty of remote workers, and always allow for flexible schedules. If you’re lucky enough to be one of them, you’ll receive a subsidy to fly out to visit the HQ for a couple weeks, plus you’ll get three month holiday each year. 13. Formstack The Formstack team claims to “know how to work hard and play hard from wherever we feel most productive”. This is a relatively small but close-knit team, working on improving an ever-popular, impressive online form builder. 14. GitLab GitLab is a trusted, fast-growing standard for source code version management. This is a remote-only company with a range of technical roles available. Want to know how their remote team works? Check out the GitLab remote manifesto. 15. GitHub Although GitHub has its HQ in San Francisco (and offices in a few other areas of the world), a large portion of its workers are entirely remote or allow for flexible home working. 16. HubStaff Another remote team, HubStaff is a trusted time-tracking platform with a huge number of users. Whether you’re a marketer or developer, keep your eye on HubStaff’s careers page. Image Credit: Blupics via Flickr 17. Motorola Mototola is a world leader in communication solutions. Not surprisingly, a company of this size isn’t completely remote, but they do have a decent choice of remote positions available. The easiest way to find these is on Indeed or Flexjobs. 18. NodeSource If you’re interested in the Node.js ecosystem, you’ll be pleased to hear that NodeSource is an entirely distributed team. Hoping to work with “the best in the industry”, the company is happy to let you work from wherever you like How To Be More Productive When Working From Home How To Be More Productive When Working From Home Is working from home (or to use the term – telecommuting) more productive than working from an office? The debate was re-ignited after Marissa Mayer's clarion call to all Yahoo employees. Just like all blah-blahs,... Read More , on your own schedule. 19. Toggl Toggl, the small company behind the popular time-tracking app, “believes great people will make awesome stuff anywhere.” Although they don’t have a ton of positions open at any one time, all of their positions are remote. 20. Trello Trello, one of the web’s most loved productivity tools A Guide to Trello for Life and Project Management A Guide to Trello for Life and Project Management Trello can help you get organized. It's a free tool to manage any kind of project. Read this guide to understand its basic structure, the navigation, and how Trello can be useful to you. Read More , may be headquartered in New York, but its team is distributed across the world. There is almost always a selection of interesting positions open in all areas of the business. 21. Upworthy Don’t fancy a software or hardware company? Upworthy is a massively popular online publication, with most of its jobs being completely remote. Plus, there’s unlimited time off. In return for all this freedom, they expect nothing but your best work. 22. Wikimedia Want a career that’s more mission-driven? This is a non-profit organization, aiming to “encourage the development and distribution of free, educational content, and to provide the full content of these wiki-based projects to the public free of charge.” Many of the vacancies at Wikimedia allow for telecommuting and flexible working, so you’ll have plenty of control over your schedule. 23. X-Team Are you a talented developer? X-Team is always looking to take on fully remote developers to work with some of the world’s largest brands and fastest-growing startups. 24. Zapier Zapier is a company that allows anyone to connect their favorite apps to help automate otherwise time-wasting workflows Create Awesome Life Automations with Multi-Step Zaps Create Awesome Life Automations with Multi-Step Zaps Zapier, the single largest competitor to IFTTT, announced that it now offers users the ability to create multiple action automations called multi-step zaps. Read More . Their team is completely distributed (since the company was founded in 2011) and includes everything from writers and developers, to engineers and data scientists. 25. Zerox With 8,000 work-from-home employees already, Zerox is no stranger to remote work. Although a lot of the roles revolve around customer care, there are some more technical roles such as software developers and programmers. Remote Work Job Sites And then there are the thousands of other employers who are happy to hire remote workers. If you’d rather search these en masse instead of visiting individual company sites, some of the best remote job search sites are below. Image Credit: Alan Cleaver via Flickr FlexJobs At over 10 years old, this is one of the leaders in remote work opportunities. With over 30,000 jobs from 5,000 employers, the opportunities are endless. As you can see from the links I’ve included above, many larger companies list their remote positions on FlexJobs to make it easier for people, like you, to find. Stack Overflow If you’re a developer looking for remote work, there’s no better place to find a massive range of options than Stack Overflow. Indeed The Remote section of Indeed.com currently has almost 70,000 available positions. With easy access to employer ratings, it’s easy to find a company you’d love to work with Don't Just Find a Job: Find a Company You'll Love to Work For Don't Just Find a Job: Find a Company You'll Love to Work For Employees rarely leave jobs, they leave managers. Before accepting your next job, spend some time checking you'll actually enjoy working for the company. We'll show you how to identify a good fit. Read More . Remote.co Packed with telecommuting and flexible work opportunities, there is a huge number of available positions in almost every industry imaginable. We Work Remotely This is a simple site, with basic search functions, but it works well. There are plenty of vacancies here with relatively small companies, doing exciting work. Say No to the Office There really is no reason for employers to be taking huge steps back, like IMB is doing for thousands of its own employees. Thousands of other successful companies manage to operate at the top of their game despite being distributed across the planet. If the freedom of remote work is important to you, then, do check out some of the sites above. The opportunities are immense. Which other reputable companies offer remote work? Previous PostSome Cool Keyboard Tricks Few People Know AboutNext PostIf You Want to View Documents in Chrome, You Need This! 3 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Jonathan June 3, 2017 at 7:04 am InVisionApp is also entirely remote! Reply Patrik June 3, 2017 at 6:33 am We hire only remote workers at Hotjar (full disclosure: I'm a developer at Hotjar). Reply Murteza June 3, 2017 at 1:33 am What about MakeUseOf ? Are there remote work opportunities at MUO, which positions and what percentage of employees are remote working? Reply Rob Nightingale 214 articles Rob Nightingale has a degree in Philosophy from the University of York, UK. He has worked as a social media manager and consultant for over five years, while giving workshops in several countries. For the past two years, Rob has also been a technology writer, and is MakeUseOf's Social Media… Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Advertisement Related Articles 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Security 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go 8 Smartphone Apps That Will Instantly Break Your Creative Block Creative Android 8 Smartphone Apps That Will Instantly Break Your Creative Block 10 Top-Rated Computer Programming Colleges in the U.S. Programming 10 Top-Rated Computer Programming Colleges in the U.S. Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Electrical fire leads to discovery of large indoor marijuana grow in Apple Valley Friday Jun 2, 2017 at 9:06 AM Jun 2, 2017 at 9:21 AM Staff Reports APPLE VALLEY — A small fire behind a residence believed to have been caused by a power line malfunctioning led authorities to uncover a large marijuana grow inside a home Thursday. San Bernardino County Sheriff's Apple Valley Station deputies responded to a home in the 11000 block of Saratoga Road at 9:20 a.m. to assist firefighters who had received reports of a fire at the residence, authorities said. The firefighters discovered the fire was likely caused by a main power line malfunctioning and melting, eventually falling into some shrubbery in the backyard and sparking a fire. Due to the circumstances, fire officials determined there was a significant concern that the remaining electrical lines inside the home may also fail and ignite a blaze in the home. According to authorities, upon entering the home to ensure no one was inside and that there was no damage to any property, the firefighters discovered an indoor marijuana grow with several hundred plants. Sheriff's Marijuana Enforcement Team personnel served a search warrant at the home and found a large-scale grow inside the house — with more than 750 plants in various growth stages — and the use of advanced lighting, fans, exhaust blowers and an air-filtering system to control both the climate and the odor, authorities said. Further investigation found the suspects responsible for the marijuana grow were stealing electricity to facilitate the operation by bypassing the electrical meter. Loss Prevention investigators with Southern California Edison responded to assist in the electrical theft investigation. The fire is believed to have been caused by the overload of electricity passing through the power lines, according to authorities. Investigators are in the process of identifying the suspects involved and once identified, the investigation will be completed and sent to the San Bernardino County District Attorney's Officer for a criminal complaint against them. Anyone with information regarding this investigation is urged to contact the Sheriff's Gangs/Narcotics Division at 909-387-8400. Callers wishing to remain anonymous may call the We-Tip Hotline at 1-800-782-7463 or visit www.wetip.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze | Main | AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa » June 02, 2017 In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s   In February Patently Apple posted a report titled "Samsung Backtracks and is Reportedly Planning to Sell Refurbished Note 7 Smartphones in Q3." Samsung's President of Mobile Communications, D.J. Koh, announced during a special presentation surrounding the findings of the Note 7 fires by independent sources, that 4.7 million Note 7 smartphones were produced and that 96% of them had been returned to them. Samsung further noted that they would sell refurbished Note 7s at a later date.   At the time the rumors were that Samsung would use the refurbished Note 7's to excite sales in emerging markets with cheap Note 7s. But Samsung really had a much more detailed plan than that.   With the iPhone 8 capturing the imagination of global consumers as they delay the purchase of a smartphone this year until they see what innovation Apple could be bringing to market, Samsung has decided that they would sell the refurbished Note 7's just prior to the release of the iPhone 8 in order to hurt sales of the iPhone 8.   It's a strategy designed to say that the Korean market didn't think much of the iPhone 8. It's devious considering the volume of business Apple throws their way and are seeking to win Apple back for their processor business. But they can't help themselves. Their hatred for Apple runs so deep as Apple fans know. Samsung continues to this day to fight Apple's patent infringement victory going back to 2012.   Today a Korea Herald report confirms that "Samsung is gearing up for the upcoming launch of Apple's new iPhone, tentatively called iPhone 8, in September." Samsung will launch a refurbished version of the Note 7, dubbed Galaxy Note FE, or Fandom Edition, at about US$625.30 in South Korea. They already have 15,000 preorders for the devices.   The report further noted that Samsung would add color options of gold and rose for the Galaxy S8 line-up in August and believe that this move could also sway more consumers their way instead of the iPhone 8. This is kindergarten thinking that this would have any effect over the advanced iPhone 8. But their grasping at straws at this point. It's nice to know that the level of fear they have concerning Apple is still alive and well. . About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 02, 2017 at 09:46 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Apple invents a new Integrated Microphone and Vibration Sensor to Provide Superior Headset Noise Cancellation Apple Advances their work on a 3D Virtual Character Creation App for Gaming on iDevices, Apple TV & future Headset News of Inventec Winning the Contract for Apple's version of a Home Speaker Device with Siri Resurfaces Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About WWDC 2017 preview: Everything Apple is expected to announce on Monday Events WWDC 2017: Everything Apple is expected to announce on Monday Chris Mills @chrisfmills June 2nd, 2017 at 11:38 AM Share Tweet Andy Williams actually got it wrong. The most wonderful time of the year isn’t Christmas; it’s the two weeks around the end of May when Apple holds its annual developer conference. In one speech, we normally get a mix of new hardware and software updates, and Apple lays out the direction it’s going to take for the next 12 months. This year, we’re expecting a big one when WWDC 2017 starts on Monday at 1:00PM Eastern. In this post, we’ll roundup all of the most notable WWDC 2017 rumors so you know what to expect during Apple’s big WWDC keynote next week. Don't Miss: It’ll be a long time until the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot are priced this low again New MacBooks Right now, the safest best for new hardware at WWDC 2017 is an update to the MacBook lineup. It might be a little odd, considering Apple just launched an all-new MacBook Pro back in November, but all the leaks, rumors and retail supply chain leaks have pointed towards some kind of new model. That’s the good news. The bad news is that we’re probably not going to see a new MacBook Air or a MacBook Pro with a few more ports. Instead, the smart money is on the current MacBook range getting a spec bump on the inside, most likely with Intel’s new Kaby Lake processor. Improvements have also been made to the graphics cards for portable machines, so you could also expect the MacBook Pro to get a graphics bump. Siri Speaker We’re also expecting to see a new Siri-powered home speaker to pop up looking a lot like the Amazon Echo. Smart speakers have emerged as the obvious portal for controlling the smart home, so Apple can’t let Amazon and Google run away with the prize. It’s challenging to innovate on the concept of “kitchen speaker with an AI and a microphone built in,” so Apple has two options here: launch a keep-up-with-the-Joneses product that demonstrates its commitment to the product and lays the groundwork for something revolutionary to come; or try the classic Apple move, and make a much more expensive version to capture the high end of the market. It’s unclear what a “high-end” home speaker would look like, but a focus on audio quality using Beats branding isn’t out of the question. New iMacs Just like the new MacBooks, it’s possible that we’ll see a spec bump for the iMac. Intel’s new processors sure would look good inside, and it would lessen some of the cries we’ve been hearing that Apple doesn’t produce ‘“pro” computers any more. New iPads Finally, there’s rumors going around that we’ll see a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC. It likely won’t be a “new” form-factor, as there’s already a 9.7-inch iPad Pro on the market (and it recently went on sale!) Instead, look for much thinner bezels enabling a bigger screen in the existing body. Software iOS 11 Apple uses WWDC to show off the newest version of iOS every year like clockwork, and there’s zero reason to imagine that this year will be different. Bloomberg rumors suggest that iOS 11 will see a design overhaul, not as severe as the iOS 7 update that scrapped skeuomorphic design, but still significant. One of the biggest new features could be the introduction of a “dark” mode across the entire OS, something that jailbreakers have been doing for years. It’s a quick and easy way to save a little battery life and appease some of the more hardcore fans. We’re also expecting updates to apps, including a possible peer-to-peer payment function in Apple Pay, and more videos in Apple Music to tie in with Apple’s first original series launching soon. One thing we haven’t heard much about are updates to Siri. Google’s recent developer conference focused heavily on the Google Assistant, and how it’s finding its way across the entire platform. If Apple is expecting the Siri Speaker to do anything well, Siri’s going to need some major updates, and fast. One of the big interface differences between the Assistant and Siri is the ability to have written conversations and type queries; it’s quite possible that Apple builds that functionality right into iOS 11. macOS Of course, we’re expecting to see a new version of macOS, but it’s unlikely to be anything big. We said above that Siri needs to be a focus of WWDC overall this year, so that’s one obvious thing for Apple to focus on for the Macs. Siri found its way to the desktop at WWDC last year, so some new features could be in order. “Hey Siri” functionality could be expanded, and third-party features don’t currently work for Siri on MacOS. What we won’t see Some bad news: we almost definitely won’t see a new iPhone. Although the iPhone SE is technically due an update, the timing would be terrible. Apple is expected to announce three new phones of some kind this fall; the last thing it needs is a new cheap iPhone undercutting the “super-cycle” of people upgrading to the iPhone 8. A new Mac Pro is also probably off the table. Although the timing for a preview announcement makes sense, Apple execs previously hinted that a new Mac Pro would come by the end of the year. That also gives Apple time to integrate Intel’s newly-announced Core i9 chips, which are an obvious thing for Apple to stick inside its premiere video-editing machine. Tags: iOS 11, WWDC, WWDC 2017 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display 2 Tech The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought 3 Entertainment AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers 4 Tech The OnePlus 5’s signature feature might have just been confirmed 5 Tech Verizon introduces cheaper prepaid plans with higher data caps Picked For You Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display By Yoni Heisler 8 hours ago Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith 2 days ago Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 2.0M 450K 365K 56K 14K 21K 65K 45K Android Deals Deal: Get a $50 Credit When Purchasing the Samsung Gear 360 – 6/2/17 Deal: Google Home for just $105 – 6/2/17 Pick Up the Fitbit Flex 2 Activity Tracker for $57 – 6/2/17 Deal: Honor 8 32GB for $299, 64GB for $349 – 6/2/17 Recent News You Can Watch A Stork’s Journey For Free On Play Movies & TV Essential Accused Of Trademark Infringement By Spigen Report: Facebook’s Talk Is A Teen App, Controlled By Parents Google Confirms Archive Suggestions For Google Photos Recent Reviews Maze Blade Review: Premium Design Without A Premium Price OUKITEL K6000 Plus Review: Feature-Packed On A Budget Xiaomi Mi 6 Review: Powerful Yet Stunning Gretel A9 Review: Value-Packed And Affordable Report: New Galaxy S8, LG G6 Models Prompted By iPhone 8 June 2, 2017 - Written By Dominik Bosnjak Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics will release new variants of the Galaxy S8 and LG G6 primarily due to the upcoming launch of the Apple iPhone 8, industry sources said on Friday. While both original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) have a history of revising their flagship smartphone series, that practice is likely directly connected to Apple’s mobile release schedule, with the Cupertino, California-based tech giant traditionally launching new iPhone models in September. This year marks the 10th anniversary of the first iPhone and Apple is reportedly looking to go all out with its latest iOS flagship, which is what reportedly prompted both Samsung and LG to refresh their latest product lineups in an effort to not lose customers to the most profitable handset manufacturer on the planet. Samsung is said to be adding at least one new color variant of the Galaxy S8 that’s called Rose Gold, sources with knowledge of the matter said today. While the same model was already leaked yesterday, the latest report indicates that the Seoul-based consumer electronics manufacturer will be retailing Rose Gold variations of both the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus, with previous leaks hinting that only the latter will be available in a new color. Apart from a new variant of its latest flagship, Samsung may also try to slow down the sales of the iPhone 8 by releasing a refurbished version of the Galaxy Note 7 that will ship with a smaller, 3,200mAh battery and otherwise be identical to the discontinued flagship. While the Galaxy Note FE (Fandom Edition) — that’s expected to be marketed as the Galaxy Note 7R in China — will only be available in limited quantities in select Asian countries, Samsung may be hoping that the device will still be able to affect the sales of Apple’s upcoming handset. According to recent reports, LG is preparing to launch two new models of the G6 – the G6 Plus and G6 Pro. The former is expected to be a somewhat more premium variant of the original device while the later should be a slightly downgraded version, though both will primarily differ in terms of internal flash memory and wireless charging support, industry insiders previously said. Later this year, Samsung and LG are expected to take on Apple more directly by releasing the Galaxy Note 8 and LG V30, with both devices being predicted to hit the market around September. Post navigation Android Auto: Toyota Revamping Infotainment System for 2018 Pick Up the Fitbit Flex 2 Activity Tracker for $57 – 6/2/17 June 2, 2017 | Android News , Android Phone News Source: The Investor Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News You Can Watch A Stork’s Journey For Free On Play Movies & TV Essential Accused Of Trademark Infringement By Spigen Report: Facebook’s Talk Is A Teen App, Controlled By Parents Google Confirms Archive Suggestions For Google Photos Android Nougat Release Notes Are Up For The Moto X Play Deal: Google Home for just $105 – 6/2/17 Kyocera DA58 Passes Through The FCC Weekly Poll: Will You Be Buying The Essential Phone? Samsung Ending My Knox Support, As Secure Folder Takes Over Best Android Games – Tennis – June 2017 Qualcomm Has Not Made Concessions in NXP Purchase 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV Review: Android Auto Goes Electric Android Pay To Simplify Adding New Membership Cards VR: Should PC-Based Headsets Add Support For Chromecast? Duolingo’s Japanese Course Goes Live For Some Android Users Best Android Games – June 2017 Sony’s New Digital Paper Now Available To Pre-Order For $700 Pick Up a Samsung Galaxy S7 for just $229 – 6/1/17 Samsung Moves ‘Always On Display’ To the Play Store EU May Fine Google $9 Billion By August Android TV: Getting Started With Plex Live TV Load More Posts Follow Share
Search for: Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home Apple iOS 10.3.3 Release Date Tips iOS 10.3.3 Release Date Tips By Adam Mills Posted on 06/01/2017 With an iOS 10.3.3 release date getting closer we share some tips to help you in the buildup to the release and also on the release day itself. iOS 10.3.2 continues to reign as the most up-to-date version of iOS 10 but its days are probably numbered. The iOS 10.3.3 update is currently in beta and it looks like it will be another small release aimed at fixing bugs and improving security on the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. It should also bring some new wallpapers to the iPad. Apple hasn’t confirmed an iOS 10.3.3 release date but the company recently released a new beta update, a sign that it’s making progress behind the scenes. With the iOS 10.3.3 release date possibly on the way in June, we want to help make your transition from iOS 10.3.2 to iOS 10.3.3 as smooth as possible. When to Check for the iOS 10.3.3 Release The iOS 10.3.3 update is shaping up to be a small release with under-the-hood improvements and security patches. It’s not as exciting as iOS 10.3 but iOS 10.3.3 could be an important update for your device, particularly if you’re struggling with iOS 10 problems. While you might be tempted to check your phone every 15 minutes for the iOS 10.3.3 update, that’s not how Apple iOS releases work. It’s difficult to predict the exact iOS 10.3.3 release date (though we do expect it to arrive soon) but it’s very easy to predict the iOS 10.3.3 release time. Here are a few things to keep in mind as we close in on the iOS 10.3.3 release date. Apple never releases iOS updates on the weekend so there’s no need to check for iOS 10.3.3 on Saturday or Sunday. iOS updates almost always arrive between 9AM and 10AM Pacific. General rule of thumb is to check around 10AM Pacific. This release time applies to iOS 10.3.3 beta releases as well. Betas typically come every 1-2 weeks, usually on Monday. While some of you will want to download the iOS 10.3.3 update the second it arrives, many others will want to wait a few hours, a few days, or longer. Don’t Install the iOS 10.3.3 Beta Unless You Really Want To Given what’s on board (bugs and little else), you should only try the iOS 10.3.3 beta if you really want to help Apple squash problems, if you’re a developer, or if you really, really want to test the update’s performance on your device ahead of the official release. Furthermore, you can download the iOS 10.3.3 update’s iPad Pro wallpapers right now if you want. You don’t need to be on the beta to get access to them. Most of you should avoid the early version of iOS 10.3.3, especially if you’re having an outstanding experience on your version of iOS. Apple could add some more meat to the iOS 10.3.3 update in the future but that would be surprising. For more on the merits of the iOS 10.3.3 beta, take a look at our guide. Start Prepping Your iPhone, iPad or iPod Now It’s never too early to start preparing for an iOS update’s release. Here are a few pre-installation tips to keep in your back pocket as we approach the iOS 10.3.3 release date: Use this time to cleanup your device. Get rid of files (apps, music, etc), anything you no longer use. Cleaning up your device could improve your device’s performance. Start backing up your data. If you don’t know where to start, you’ll want to research iCloud backups, iTunes backups, and the differences between the two. If you want to download iOS 10.3.3 right when it comes out, make sure your device has at least a 50% charge (or you’re near a charger) around 10AM Pacific. Get your login information handy. Make sure you have the device’s passcode, Apple ID, and your important logins ready on release day. The update might log you out of various apps and services. Dig into feedback from iOS 10.3.3 beta testers. You might learn about a potential problem or benefit coming with your version of iOS 10.3.3. A little prep work will help you avoid major problems during the iOS 10.3.3 installation process. It’ll also help you avoid headaches once you get the new update on board your phone or tablet. Dig Into Older Updates If You Need To If you failed to download iOS 10.3 or iOS 10.3.1 and you plan to skip Apple’s iOS 10.3.2 update, make sure you know what you’re getting into before you download the iOS 10.3.3 update on your phone. If you skipped iOS 10.3/iOS 10.3.1 and don’t have plans to download iOS 10.3.2, you’ll get the changes from those updates baked into your iOS 10.3.3 update. (Note: You’ll also get the features and fixes from any other iOS updates you missed.) If you plan on downloading iOS 10.3.3, you’ll want to get familiar with their changes ahead of the update’s release. Prepare For & Report iOS 10.3.3 Problems If you choose to install iOS 10.3.3 on release day there’s a chance you’ll run into an issue during or after the installation process finishes up. Sometimes it can take a couple of days for an update to settle in. If you notice weird battery life on release day, give it a day or two to even out. If problems persist after two days with iOS 10.3.3, or if the issues are serious, you’ll want to take action. There are tons of resources out there but our list of fixes for common iOS 10 problems is a great place to start. If you don’t consider yourself an expert, you’ll want to bookmark those fixes so you’re ready to tackle problems as soon as they popup. If you can’t fix your problem and/or you want to help the community, you’ll want to report iOS 10.3.3 problems as you see them. There are a few places to do that. You can relay your problem to Apple Support on Twitter and/or get in contact with Apple Support via the company’s website. We also recommend reporting your problem on Apple’s Discussion forums to alert Apple and other users to your issue. You Can “Test” iOS 10.3.3 Remember, if you don’t want to deal with the iOS 10.3.3 beta, you can take the official version of iOS 10.3.3 for a test drive, provided you’re already on iOS 10.3.2 when it arrives. For a short time, Apple will allow you to downgrade from iOS 10.3.3 to iOS 10.3.2. Apple is no longer signing off on iOS 10.2.1 or iOS 10.3 so you won’t be able to drop back to either of those. Most of you will probably choose to remain on iOS 10.3.3 but others might benefit from dropping down to the older version of iOS 10. It could help improve your device’s performance in key areas like battery life, connectivity, and speed. If you aren’t familiar with the iOS downgrade process, now is the time to get familiar with it. How to Get Off iOS 10.3.3 Beta If you chose to try the iOS 10.3.3 beta and you don’t want to get thrown onto the next iOS 10 beta, you’ll want to unenroll from the iOS 10.3.3 beta once the final version is released. Here’s how you’ll do that: Go to Settings > General > Profiles and then tap the iOS Beta Software Profile that appears on your device. Enter your passcode, if there is on associated with the device, and tap Delete Profile. You will no longer receive beta software. Go into your Settings or iTunes and download iOS 10.3.3. If you’ve been running an iOS 10.3.3 beta and the new watchOS beta on your Apple Watch, you’ll need to take a few more steps before, on, or after the iOS 10.3.3 release date. Here’s how to get the watchOS beta off your device, Open the Apple Watch app on your iPhone. Tap the My Watch tab. Go to General > Profiles. Tap the beta profile you want to remove. Enter a passcode if needed and then tap Delete Profile. If you want to use iOS beta software again you’ll need to install the correct beta profile. Avoid iOS 10.3.3 If You’re Jailbroken Do not, we repeat, do not upgrade to the iOS 10.3.3 update on release day if you’re jailbroken. Jailbreak developers have reportedly cracked the iOS 10.3.1 update. A proof of concept video has surfaced and we could see an iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak released to the public in the near future. Unfortunately, we haven’t seen a proof of concept for iOS 10.3.2 or iOS 10.3.3. Developers could certainly surprise us with an iOS 10.3.3 jailbreak release on release day but you’ll want to avoid iOS 10.3.3 when it arrives just to be safe. If you do happen to download iOS 10.3.3 on your device and developers do release a working iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak, you should be able to downgrade in order to take advantage of the tool. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.2 & 10 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.3.2 If You Want Better Security   1 / 14 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  iOS 10.3.2 brings (by our count) 23 security patches for a potential exploits. That's a ton for a small maintenance update and a great reason to install iOS 10.3.2 in the near future. Your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring even more security features if you failed to download previous versions of iOS. If you skipped iOS 10.3.1, your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring its security patch. If you skipped iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring its monster list of patches as well.  The iOS 10.3 update delivered over 60 known patches for potential exploits. That's substantial, even for a milestone upgrade. The previous version of iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, brought 14 known patches. If you skipped the iOS 10.2.1 update and/or the iOS 10.2 update, know that iOS 10.3.2 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2.1 update had 14 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device.    1 / 14 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In Apple 7 Things to Know About the iPhone 5s iOS 10.3.2 Update We’ve been taking a close look at Apple’s iOS 10.3.2 update and today we want … 06/02/2017 6 min read 9 Things to Know About the iPhone 6s iOS 10.3.2 Update The iPhone 6s iOS 10.3.2 update is a small but important release for the former flagship. … 06/02/2017 6 min read 9 Things to Know About the iPad iOS 10.3.2 Update Its been a little over two weeks since the iOS 10.3.2 update release for the iPad, iPad Ai… 06/02/2017 6 min read Load More In Apple 2 Comments 2 Comments James Burton 03/25/2017 at 10:36 pm Hi I’m impressed with the amber alert system in the future is there going to be FBI warrants support Reply Chile 04/18/2017 at 9:51 am DellLundg Slovakien NicholRan SherrillH Elfenbenskusten CaroleSch JacquieDe Schweiz ValorieHi BonnyMgrx Osterrike WindyChid OrvalGoul Nederlanderna MarthaSpa GabrieleC Everton SKKRalfgc GlendaXvr Spanien DakotaCam BrainBole Rumanien GeorginaE NoellaEll Valencia EstelleNe TerranceR Wales StaceyThe Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors 100 Best Android Apps for 2017 5 Best iPhone 7 Camera Lenses and Add-ons 16 Best LG G6 Cases 5 Best Apple Watch Alternatives 5 Best Chromebooks for 2017 7 Best Online Tech Learning Apps and Sites Best New 9.7-inch iPad Cases 28 Best iPhone 7 Cases Best iPhone 7 Skins 15 Best Offline Android Games 15 Best 2016 MacBook Pro Accessories Best Bluetooth Game Controllers for Android Best Fighting Games for Android (2017) 5 Best iPad Alternatives Running Windows Best Galaxy S7 Clear Cases 5 Best Alarm Clock iPhone Apps Best Password Managers for Android Best Action Games for Android (2017) © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue Crystal Apple awards bestowed on three well-deserving teachers  By Newsroom on June 2, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Crystal Apple winners and their principals pictured left to right are Temecula Valley High School Principal Allen Williams, TVHS biology teacher Toby Brannon, Chaparral High School English teacher Gayle Trout, CHS Principal Nicole Dayus, Great Oak High School math teacher Steve Maxey and GOHS Principal Aimee Ricken at the Crystal Apple awards May 7 nominated by students of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Courtesy photo Brenda Tullis Special to Valley News Students and teachers gathered at a local church Sunday, May 7, at an event directed by students to recognize and show appreciation for local teachers and to gift a sole teacher from each Temecula high school a student-honored teacher’s award. English teacher Gayle Trout of Chaparral High School, math teacher Steve Maxey of Great Oak High School and biology teacher Toby Brannon of Temecula Valley High School were awarded the Crystal Apple in appreciation for their work and influence in their students’ lives. The 13th annual Crystal Apple Awards ceremony was led by students from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from Temecula Valley, Chaparral and Great Oak high schools and honored more than 130 exemplary teachers. Over 200 students individually nominated a teacher to receive a Crystal Apple award, and ultimately one teacher from each high school was awarded with the esteemed Crystal Apple. City and school officials attending included Temecula City Council member James Stewart, Temecula Valley Unified School District Superintendent Tim Ritter, TVUSD school board President Sandy Hinkson, school board member Julie Farnbach, Temecula Valley Educators Association President Jeff Kingsberg, CHS Principal Nicole Dayus, GOHS Principal Aimee Ricken and TVHS Principal Allen Williams. Explaining why the Crystal Apple nomination process of awarding recipients was important, Master of Ceremony and Public Affairs director for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Suzette Jacobsen quoted Carnegie Mellon University Professor Randy Pausch in her opening remarks. “Showing gratitude is one of the simplest yet most powerful things humans can do for each other,” she said. The other finalists for the Crystal Apple awards included CHS swim coach and history teacher Craig Winger and English teacher Barbara Mueller, GOHS economics teacher and football coach, Herschel Ramirez and Spanish teacher Crystal Parry as well as TVHS orchestra teacher Leanne Lugo and retiring ROTC leader, Lt. Col. Phil Byrd. Trout received her undergraduate at St. Cloud State University in St. Cloud, Minnesota, in 1991 and later graduated from University of California Riverside. She has taught school for 25 years. Trout is teaches English to seniors at Chaparral in the Chaparral Senior Expository Reading and Writing course and Mt. San Jacinto College dual enrollment English 101 and 103 courses. “Mrs. Trout is one of the most caring people I know,” CHS senior Lauren Paulson, who nominated Trout for the award, said. “She truly has a special gift in connecting with each of her students.” Trout estimates that she has taught approximately 4,000 students over the past 25 years. Mother of three children, she is married to Rancho Vista High School teacher Noel Trout. “This is the best and most meaningful award I have ever received because it is student driven,” she said. “The students are the ones with whom I interact every day, and to have them say to me, `Mrs. Trout, we recognize that you care about us and our education; you’re a good role model, and we appreciate you.’ That’s gold. They are affirming that I am the kind of teacher I set out to become.” Trout said that she was born to teach. “It’s my gift, talent and passion,” she said. “When I was in ninth grade, I had an English teacher who was not only a great teacher, but he was also someone who genuinely loved teenagers. He treated them with such dignity and respect, and I wanted to be that same kind of person and teacher.” She thanked the parents at the event for raising amazing children. “They do live true to your values,” she said. “They’re kind and generous; they’re respectful and responsible; they’re trustworthy.” Trout said that she thoroughly loved to stand and teach children, speaking wisdom into their lives every single school day. “I know that the LDS community sets a high standard for themselves and their children,” she said. “Being recognized as a person of integrity and good character by a community that upholds those same characteristics means a lot to me.” Junior Alexis Arnold introduced Great Oak math teacher Steve Maxey. “Mr. Maxey has been such a great influence on me and the people around me,” she said. “He always manages to have a positive attitude. His class is one of those classes that you’re actually not looking at the clock to see when it’s going to end.” Maxey graduated from Buena Vista University in Storm Lake, Iowa, in 1999, later receiving his master’s degree at California State University San Marcos in 2012. He has been teaching for 15 years. He is married to Kelly Maxey who teaches Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Math courses at Vail Ranch Middle School. He said she has been teaching 25 years to his 15 years, but that he took off five great years to raise his three children, Jack, Claire and Pete, who are now 12 years, 12 years and 10 years old, respectively. Beginning his teaching career in 1999, Maxey is in his fifth-year teaching in the Temecula Valley school district, and he estimates that he’s taught approximately 2,500 children since becoming a teacher. “I teach because I love it,” he said. “Every day I get to teach the subject I love— to children who care.” Maxey admits that he was taken aback and humbled when he learned that he would be the recipient of the Crystal Apple award. “The thing that affected me the most was that my students felt that highly of me,” he said. “They’re phenomenal students.” Later he spoke to the students directly and said, “You have made this job great.” Maxey thanked the administration at Great Oak for hiring him. “It’s so nice to belong to a school where you know the administration believes in you,” he said. “There are so many fantastic teachers at my school, and I owe so much to all of them for giving me the guidance and support to be where I am today.” Student and nominator C. Robert Graff introduced biology teacher Toby Brannon from Temecula Valley High School. “This guy knows biology,” he said. “He’s a true stallion of biology. He can run on and on about biology and go so deep that my mind would just blow up.” Graff also said that Brannon’s class is a fun class. “He’s such a funny and awesome guy,” Graff said. “He connects with students either directly or indirectly. I feel he is one of the teachers on campus that I and others can go to for sound advice and counsel.” Graduating from University of California Irvine in 1995, Brannon began teaching in 1997 and has been teaching for 20 years now. He said he would not even venture to guess how many students he’s taught over the years. He finally decided upon a rounded-up number. “A lot,” he said. At the ceremony, he said that it was a tremendous honor to be there. “We [teachers] don’t get into this gig for public applause or pats on the back but this is nice,” he said. Speaking directly to the students in the back of the auditorium, he said, “When we get the envelopes with your comments, those are the things that sustain us. We need just a little bit of fuel to get through the next year and those little tiny comments make a huge difference.” Brannon encouraged the children at the event to pursue the things that they found interesting in life, to go for it. “When you get to a point that you have to figure out what to do with it, teaching’s not a bad gig. Consider it,” he said. “You get to teach the topic you truly love and you get to make a very real impact on your community.” Temecula Valley Principal Allen Williams summed up the general feeling of thankfulness from all the teachers and administrators in the room. “We recognize our teachers at Temecula Valley High School in different ways,” TVHS principal Allen Williams said. “But it’s really nice when an outside organization looks at our school and looks at our teachers across the district and says, ‘We value you. We affirm what you’re doing. We have confidence in you.’” Williams said that he wanted to thank The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints for doing exactly that for teachers in the Temecula community. “Thank you,” he said. “It’s so appreciated. It makes us feel like champions.” Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related Crystal Apple awards, Gayle Trout, Steve Maxey, teachers, Toby Brannon Crystal Apple awards bestowed on three well-deserving teachers  added by Newsroom on June 2, 2017 View all posts by Newsroom → Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on Jun 2 2017, 10:55 pm PDT Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 63°F Wind: South at 4mph Humidity: 83% Windchill: 64°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 951-763-5510 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 201, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Accord | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision… Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach… Plex adds Live TV support Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air… Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The… Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads,… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label… Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature &… 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Joby GripTight Pro Video Mount Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Kensington Laptop Locking Station 2.0 IK Multimedia Syntronik Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Viewing and Managing all of your Apple devices… Capturing iOS and tvOS screenshots using… Checking the Weather in the Maps app in iOS… Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Adonit Switch 2-in-1 Stylus &… Daily Deal: Pagico 8.7 Daily Deal: Moskito Smartphone App Controlled… Daily Deal: Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera Daily Deal: Glowbar Speaker Daily Deal: iKlips miReader 4K GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Accord By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 18 hours ago Apple CEO Tim Cook has added his voice to large chorus of CEOs who have been expressing disappointment over President Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. In an internal memo obtained by Buzzfeed News, Cook told employees that he “spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn’t enough.” Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver.— Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 Following the email sent out within Apple, Cook later also publicly tweeted on the matter, stating pointedly that he considers the decision “wrong for our planet” and reiterating Apple’s unwavering commitment to fighting climate change. In the internal e-mail, Cook reassured employees that President Trump’s decision will have “no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment,” emphasizing the company’s significant efforts in powering all of its operations with renewable energy, which as Cook says is not only good for the planet, but “makes good business sense as well.” Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us. Cook also promised to keep working toward the “ambitious goals of a closed-loop supply chain,” that were outlined in the company’s Environmental Responsibility Report released last month. Daily Deal: Adonit Switch 2-in-1 Stylus & Pen » Related Stories Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Apple announces Live Stream of WWDC 2017 Keynote Apple and Nokia settle patent dispute Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Tim Cook speaks out on Trump’s decision to withdraw from Paris Accord Apple expanding Swift Playgrounds to teach coding for robots, drones and musical instruments Plex adds Live TV support Report provides new insights into Apple’s upcoming Siri smart speaker Nuvyyo adds new Tablo Dual to its over-the-air TV DVR lineup Apple’s ‘Carpool Karaoke: The Series’ to debut August 8 Regulatory filings hint at four new iPads, new Magic Keyboard for possible release at WWDC Apple releases WWDC app update ahead of next week’s event Android pioneer Andy Rubin announces ‘Essential Home’ Smart Home Hub Apple releases second round of betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Recent Reviews AudioQuest DragonFly Black USB DAC and Headphone Amp BlueLounge Quick Peek Smart Organizing Label System Elgato Eve Degree HomeKit Temperature & Humidity Monitor 808 Audio Ear Canz Sport Marshall Monitor Black Bluetooth Headphones Mytek Brooklyn Digital-to-Analog Converter iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Sploid Paleofuture io9 Science Reviews Field Guide What to Expect From Apple WWDC 2017: iOS, Siri Speaker, MacBooks, and More Michael NunezYesterday 11:00am Filed to: Apple WWDC WWDC 2017 MacBook MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS Siri 29 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image: Apple On Monday, Apple’s annual developer conference, WWDC, kicks off, and that means we will soon learn more about the company’s newest and most exciting products. This year, the event runs from June 5-June 9 and is expected to serve as the launching point for major updates to iOS and macOS, as well as some new hardware. This will be the first time in roughly 15 years that Apple will not be hosting the event at the Moscone West Convention Center in San Francisco. Instead, the event will take place at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. We’ll be on the ground at the conference, so be sure to check back for our coverage beginning Monday morning. There’s plenty to be excited about this year, so let’s dive right in. A new iPad Pro Image: Gizmodo / Alex Cranz WWDC is typically centered around software like iOS and macOS, but this year we’re expecting some hardware too. The extremely credible KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says there’s a good chance Apple will announce a new iPad Pro at this year’s conference. Advertisement The new iPad Pro is rumored to have a 10.5-inch screen that will fit comfortably between the existing 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch models. It will also reportedly feature a new design with slimmer bezels. There’s no indication of exactly how much the new device will cost—but there’s a very good chance it will be priced similarly to existing models (starting at about $600). Siri speaker Image: Apple The new iPad Pro isn’t the only piece of hardware expected to debut at the conference. Kuo also predicts that Apple is planning to launch a smart speaker to compete with the Amazon Echo and Google Home. In a research note viewed by MacRumors, Kuo reportedly said there is “over [a] 50 percent chance” that Apple will announce its new smart home speaker and begin selling them later in the year. Kuo said the speaker will likely produce excellent sound quality and will positioned for a higher end market (i.e. it will be more expensive) than the Amazon Echo. Adding to swirling rumors, the extremely credible Bloomberg reporter Mark Gurman reported this week that Apple “started manufacturing a long-in-the-works Siri-controlled smart speaker.” Gurman reports that the speaker will differ from the Amazon Echo and Google home by offering virtual surround sound technology and deep integration into Apple products. The speaker will essentially serve as a hub to automate smart home devices through Apple’s (currently underdeveloped) HomeKit platform. It will also help lock customers into Apple’s walled garden as people begin to add more automation to their homes and subscribe to services like Apple Music. Gurman also reports that the speaker will have advanced acoustics that give it an edge over competing products like the Echo and Google Home and that Apple considered adding virtual surround sound technology similar to Sonos Trueplay. It will also have comparable hardware to the Sonos Play:5 according to Kuo’s research note, which says the speaker will have one subwoofer, seven tweeters, and computing power similar to the iPhone 6/6S. By comparison, as Mac Observer points out, the Echo only has one woofer and one tweeter. The Sonos Play:5 only has three woofers and three tweeters. In short, the soon-to-be-announced Siri speaker sounds much more powerful than Google Home or Amazon Echo. New MacBook and MacBook Pros Image: Gizmodo / Alex Cranz It looks all-but-certain that we’ll be getting a new MacBook lineup at the conference. French website Consomac is reporting that it found a Russian-language regulatory filing in the Eurasian Economic Commission database that points to at least five new models running macOS Sierra launching soon. Advertisement Sponsored In addition to the filing, Bloomberg reports Apple will be releasing a new MacBook lineup to stave off competition from Microsoft’s striking new Surface Laptop. The new MacBook Pro will get a bump to the latest seventh-generation Intel Core processors, giving it a significant hardware boost. One of the more remarkable rumors is that Apple could revive the 12-inch and 13-inch MacBook Airs by giving them a nice hardware bump, according to Bloomberg. Analysts aren’t expecting any major design changes to either the MacBook or MacBook Pro, but say the new MacBook Air could have a new look. Advertisement John Gruber reported in April that Apple is working hard on a “completely rethought” Mac Pro with a modular design. The new design is supposed to accommodate high-end CPUs and GPUs, and make it easier for people to update the computer with new components on a regular basis. The company is also working on pro displays to ship with the new desktops. Unfortunately, Gruber reports that the next-gen Mac Pros “will not ship this year,” meaning they likely will not make an appearance at WWDC. A first look at iOS 11 Image: Gizmodo Don’t get your hopes up for new iPhone models. They probably aren’t coming until later this year. What you can expect at WWDC, though, is a big focus on Apple’s new mobile operating system, iOS 11. We don’t know much about the OS ahead of the show, but we’re expecting a bunch of updates that focus on artificial intelligence. A sketchy rumor from Israeli publication the Verifier suggests that Siri will add contextual learning and better integration into Apple services like iMessage and iCloud. Advertisement Other updates to the operating system, according to 9to5Mac, could include features like group FaceTime, meaning that you’ll be able to video conference multiple people from your phone. There’s also a rumor that iMessage will add multi-person calls, making it easier to have up to five people join a single call. The most dramatic changes will be specifically tailored to the iPad. 9to5Mac reports that things like multi-user login to be added to the operating system while other blogs like MacRumors suggest Apple is working on expanded Apple Pencil support for the iPad Pro. Updates to macOS, WatchOS, and tvOS Last year, Apple decided to drop the “X” from its desktop operating system’s name, instead calling it simply macOS. As part of the update, Apple started integrating even more iOS features into the desktop with things like Siri for Mac and Apple Pay for the web. Advertisement Advertisement This year, we’re expecting to see the second iteration of macOS (10.13), but there aren’t any hard details about what exactly. We should also see updates to other operating systems including WatchOS for the Apple Watch and tvOS for the Apple TV, according to the Telegraph. This essentially means that every operating system in the Apple ecosystem will receive a significant update, and that seems like a reasonable expectation considering the event is specifically tailored to get developers excited about building apps for Apple products. As always, we’ll be covering the conference as news breaks, so be sure to check back here June 5-June 9 for more info about the latest updates, and we’ll keep updating this story as more information becomes available. Michael Nunez m.nunez@gizmodo.com @MichaelFNunez Technology editor at Gizmodo. PGP Fingerprint: A424 3225 2883 A6CE 3F91 5131 8050 002A A3E1 D6A1|PGP Key You may also like The Root White Habitual Line-Stepper Bill Maher Calls Himself ‘House Nigger’ On Live TV Yesterday 11:51pm Jezebel · Me Wonder Woman Review: Gal Gadot Did Not Give Me a Hard Enough Boner  Yesterday 10:20am Kotaku This Weekend, Two Of The UFC's Best Fight To Escape From Conor McGregor's Shadow Yesterday 10:15pm Recent from Michael Nunez 156 63.2K Gizmodo · Michael Nunez Here's Our First Look at Android Creator Andy Rubin's Super Hyped Secret Mystery Smartphone Tuesday 11:07am 7 64 33.7K Gizmodo · Michael Nunez Good Deal Alert: RadioShack Is Selling Its Musty Old Clipboards for Only 50 Cents 5/25/17 2:40pm 12 12.4K Gizmodo · Michael Nunez Google's AlphaGo Handily Beats Teen World Champion in First Match 5/23/17 10:17am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Gizmodo Store Redirecting to the Gizmodo store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe Directories Podcasts Newcomer’s Guide Magazines Subscribe Leave Us Feedback News Food Entertainment Home Health Business Weddings Neighborhood Guides Let’s Make Dallas Even Better Funky Town. All photography by Daniel Walker. Holidays National Doughnut Day: Here’s Where to Celebrate in Dallas These are 15 of the best varieties in town. By Daniel Walker Published in Food & Drink June 2, 2017 10:00 am The doughnut game in Dallas is undeniably strong. When last we compiled our picks for best in town, there were only a few players really pushing the proverbial envelope. But today, there are a host of exciting vendors popping up in every corner of the city. Here are 15 of the best doughnuts from the most notable shops around town. Consider this your ultimate doughnut to-do list. Glazed Donut Works Saigon Cinnamon Sugar The brains behind the sweet creations at Deep Ellum’s beloved shop never cease churning out inventive new flavors. Seasonal offerings and holiday specials are the norm here, so you’ll want to keep an eye on their various social media platforms for updates. But one flavor that’s almost always on the menu board is their sumptuous Saigon Cinnamon Sugar. It may look a bit ho-hum at first glance, but don’t be fooled by its humble appearance. There’s a subtle spice intertwined with a crunchy sweetness from granulated sugar, all coating one of the finest brioche-style yeast raised donuts in town. Top Pot Doughnuts Salted Caramel Old Fashioned Blessed was the day when the celebrated Seattle-based Top Pot decided to open its very first location outside of Washington in our very own Big D. The fried-pastry-gods truly smiled down on us that day. Now with four locations across the city, it’s fairly easy to experience Top Pot’s “hand-forged” approach for yourself. Where they excel most is undoubtedly in “old fashioned” doughnuts, of which, you’re going to want to sample the salted caramel variety. These suckers have a slightly crunchier exterior, with a soft, cake-y middle. The sweet and salty combination from the salted caramel puts this particular doughnut over the top. In the best way imaginable. Momo’s Donuts Strawberries and Cream At this Sherman bakery, owner Mo Guerrero has established a loyal following of fried-dough fanatics that are, surprisingly, also big names in the bodybuilding and Crossfit community. The virtues of “donuts and deadlifts” are something Mo proudly embraces. “Our bodybuilding and Crossfit community loves us because carbs are not only great before leg day,” he says. “But we’re a treat that competitors look for after enduring strict diets in preparation for a bodybuilding show.” Momo’s popularity even landed them a spot on Cooking Channel’s Donut Showdown. And although they’re located in about an hour-and-a-half outside of Dallas, this popular donut spot will graciously deliver to Dallas every weekend for any who preorder (just message them on Facebook or Instagram @momosdonuts). Just be sure to order the Strawberries and Cream, stuffed full of plump, glazed strawberries and fresh cream.   Jerry’s Jerry’s Donuts Apple Fritter This humble Farmer’s Branch shop remains relatively unknown to most doughnut fans outside its immediate surroundings. It’s the epitome of old-school doughnut making: no outrageous toppings, no particularly fancy ingredients. Most of its employees have been hammering out the same recipes for more than 40 years—and they’ve darn near perfected their craft. The apple fritters are some their most elusive creations. It’s difficult to time exactly when they’ll be laying out a fresh tray…and when they do, they get snatched up quickly. Instead of the typical chopped, diced, and reformed dough bits that make up the apple fritter, Jerry’s serves one that’s more akin to a turnover, with the hot apple filling folded into the center of the dough, cooking in layers throughout the dough. It’s a bit unconventional, but it’s absolutely lovely to bite into. Jarams Donuts Cream Cheese & Berries For five-and-a-half years, Jarams has been supplying North Dallas sugar junkies with a very sound reason to roll out of bed on a weekend morning. They were among the first in the city to capitalize on the “Cronut” craze sweeping the nation at that time, and quickly built a reputation for serving donut varieties that couldn’t be found anywhere else in town. But one donut still shines above the rest, though it may not necessarily be the wackiest item they offer. This one comes topped with a smooth, not-too-sweet cream cheese frosting on a soft, yeast doughnut, and is finished with a crown of fresh assorted berries and a whiff of powdered sugar. It’s still deep-fried dough, but you can almost convince yourself you’re eating a fruit salad for breakfast. Almost. Okay, not really. Mojo Donuts Cookie Butter This small shop is conveniently located a mere stone’s throw from Love Field. So if you’re about to jump on a plane and are in need of a quick breakfast, look no further than Mojo. With a healthy assortment of doughnuts both traditional and elaborate, there’s plenty to keep any pastry fan coming back on a regular basis. Just be sure to snag one of their decadent cookie butter donuts when they’re on the shelf. This soft yeast-raised treat comes dipped in creamy cookie butter frosting, sprinkled with cookie crumbles, and finished with another thick gob of cookie butter in the center. It’s rich and a little messy, but it’s wonderful. FunkyTown Donuts Key Lime Pie Forget not Fort Worth when looking for exceptional doughnuts. FunkyTown has dominated this city’s scene since opening just over a year ago. Folks go nuts for their impressive array of doughnuts, so much so that they sell out nearly every day. The Key Lime Pie variety is a must. A yeast doughnut is topped with a citrusy lime glaze and stuffed with freshly-made whipped cream and graham cracker dust. It’s a Key Lime creation so good it will mentally transport you to an exotic white-sand Florida beach on a sunny afternoon. And once there, you won’t even mind that you’re destroying your beach body. Hypnotic Donuts The Peace’statio When founder, James St. Peter, established Hypnotic in 2010, there was no one else on the donut scene putting as much thought into doughnuts as him. Hypnotic built a dedicated underground following via Facebook and Twitter, selling donuts from the back of a Ford Expedition for months until demand reached a level that forced them to move into a permanent space. Today, Hypnotic’s place among Dallas’ fried-dough-royalty remains firmly intact. They’ve pioneered the “fancy” market with a collection of intriguing options, but one that remains at the top of the crop is the Peace’statio, a lovely cake variety topped with brown butter glaze and chopped pistachios. It’s the perfect way to wash down one of their sizable chicken biscuits. Earnest Donuts Blueberry Crumble This Lewisville shop is quietly putting out some of the greatest donuts in Dallas. If you’re looking for the finest “Cronut,” Earnest is your place. But the best reason to visit the shop is for their exceptional blueberry crumble cake doughnut. It’s packed with real blueberry, within a cake doughnut that’s not the slightest bit dry. They coat the whole thing with cake crumbles for a slightly crunchy textural element that really brings the whole thing home. Well played, Earnest. Dough Boy Donuts Cinnamon Roll At this Fort Worth food truck, things operate a bit differently than your standard doughnut shop. It’s just two guys in a tiny space, one taking orders and the other continuously throwing dough into hot oil. But because of their limited space, they’re churning out sweets practically to-order, ensuring that every doughnut served is fresh from the fryer—hot, soft, and golden brown. Go with the Cinnamon Roll variety. It’s less flashy than some of their other offerings—a simple sugar glazed with streaks of cinnamon-sugar drizzle—but it’s beautiful. Hurts Hurts Donut Strawberry Jelly How much does Frisco love this small Midwest doughnut chain’s first Texas location? Just take a peek at the lines. They frequently push out the door and around the building, with customers reporting waits of up to an hour during peak business. But they’re able to crank out quality donuts fairly quickly, and do a good job keeping their massive display cases filled. Generally, their yeast-raised donuts—which are larger and plumper than you’ll generally find at your average shop—outshine the cake variety. Most of their doughnuts are big, bold, and almost cartoonish, but you’ll find that the frosted jelly-filled one is everything you need it to be without all the excess. The Donut Kitchen Italian Wedding This McKinney staple sticks solely to cake donuts. But even if you generally prefer yeast-raised doughnuts, the cake variety served up here are not to be missed. They nail it on texture—never dry, light, and slightly crumbly. Truth be told, they’re probably the best cake doughnuts in town. Grab the Italian Wedding:  rolled in sugar and topped with a swirl of cream cheese icing and pecans. Donut Box Waffle Doughnut The food world has become obsessed with novelty mash-ups, but only a select few to hit the market survive and are actually worth tracking down. The doughnut-waffle was not dreamed up here at this small Little Elm shop, but they were the first to bring the concept to town. And luckily, they’re good. Darn good. It’s got all the right textural elements of a successful waffle—crunchy exterior and soft, chewy inside—but the thin layer of glaze takes it to a new level of decadence. You can get them coated in candy if you like, but it’s really not necessary to achieve peak enjoyment. Max’s Donut Shop Glazed Allen residents have long known that the finest glazed doughnuts in town were hiding in this tiny, no-frills shop. It’s a classic joint serving a simple menu of only a few standards: plain glazed, chocolate iced, apple fritters, and cinnamon rolls. But if you’re occasionally exhausted by all the glamorized, fancy doughnuts across town, and you’re most interested in a classic glazed ring of fried dough, the best is right here at Max’s. That’s right…the best plain glazed in town. And that’s a promise you can take to the bank. Rise Biscuits & Donuts Pineapple Basil with Pistachios Here’s another small donut franchise that’s already making waves within the northern suburbs. Although they are technically a chain, these are a far cry from the likes of sub-par, chain establishments. Rise simply makes a spectacular product. They do a dangerously good creme brûlée donut with a thick, crunchy shell of torched sugar, filled with a custard that sings of real vanilla. But their most interesting, and surprisingly successful variety, is the Pineapple Basil doughnut with pistachios. Holidays Most Popular 5 Things to Know About Collin County Growth By Glenn Hunter Pete Delkus on Climate Change: 'I Still Have a Lot of Questions' By Alex Macon Preservation Achievement: A Midcentury Treasure By D Home Staff 5 Reasons Why You Can’t Miss Legacy West’s Grand Opening Weekend By D Partner Studio TreeHouse Has Arrived in Dallas By Treehouse Our SideDish newsletter features Dallas’s newest dining spots, scrumptious recipes from local restaurants, and news on breweries, cocktail hours and more. Related Content Valentine's Day 10 Locally-Sourced Valentine’s Day Cards Caitlin Clark Where to Celebrate National Doughnut Day in Dallas Rebecca Flannery Holidays 11 Dallas Stores Decked Out for the Holidays Caitlin Clark Holidays Where to Shop in Dallas for Everyone on Your List Caitlin Clark Comments D Magazine Partners 750 North St.Paul St. Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75201 Tel: 214.939.3636 Fax: 214.748.4579 CONTACT US Sections FrontBurner Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Nightlife Home & Design Shopping & Fashion Health & Fitness Business & Economy Weddings Publications D Magazine D Home D CEO Subscribe Renew Subscriber Services Company Info About Us Masthead Job Openings Internships Awards Customer Service Advertise Media Kits Events Case Studies Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Copyright © 2017, D Magazine Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Advertisement will run for seconds. Continue to site »
About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals More... Videos Software Contact Newsletters Search Advertise Videos Software Market Reports Contact Newsletters Advertise Search Facebook Twitter Google Plus Become a Member Search Menu Posted in | Remote Operated Vehicle (ROV) Apple’s Swift Playgrounds App Offers Coding Education to Robots and Drones Download PDF Copy Request Quote Published on June 2, 2017 at 11:16 AM Written by AZoRoboticsJun 2 2017 Apple today announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will offer an exciting new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is perfect for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language for building world-class apps. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. Swift Playgrounds features an exciting new way to learn to code using real-world robots, drones and musical instruments. (Credit: Business Wire) “More than 1 million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favorite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn.” Related Stories Fire Fighting Drones Search and Rescue Drones (UAV) Drones for Conservation Applications “Today we’re combining efforts with Apple to provide even more students around the world with the opportunity to learn how to code,” said Esben Stærk Jørgensen, president, LEGO Education. “We’re pairing the familiar LEGO bricks and our hands-on approach to playful learning found in LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 with Swift Playgrounds' powerful learning platform so now anyone can program their LEGO MINDSTORMS creation with real Swift code.” With Swift Playgrounds, anyone can program and control these popular devices from within the app: LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3 are incredibly popular in schools around the world and give students the power to explore coding through real-life problem solving as they create and command their own robotic LEGO creatures, vehicles, machines and inventions. With Swift Playgrounds kids can code and interact with their creations’ motors and sensors. Sphero SPRK+, a popular robotic ball, rolls, turns, accelerates and changes colors. Sensors provide feedback when Sphero hits an obstacle, and all of it can be controlled with Swift code. Parrot’s Mambo, Airborne and Rolling Spider drones can take off, land, turn and perform aerial figures like flips, all under the control of code users create. UBTECH’s Jimu Robot MeeBot Kit lets kids program their buildable robot to walk, wave and dance. Dash by Wonder Workshop is an exciting, hands-on learning robot for students, designed to teach the fundamentals of coding, creative problem solving and computational thinking. Skoog is a tactile cube that enables children of all abilities to have fun exploring, creating and playing music with Swift code. Pricing & Availability Swift Playgrounds 1.5 with support for third-party devices will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10 or later. Source: https://www.apple.com/ Download PDF Copy Request Quote Comments Tell Us What You Think Do you have a review, update or anything you would like to add to this news story? Cancel reply to comment Leave your feedback Login     (Logout) Public Comment Private Feedback to AZoRobotics.com Submit Latest interviews Featured equipment Trending stories Automated Robots for the Land Mining Industry Matthew Rendall Matthew Rendall, CEO at Clearpath Robotics talks to AZoRobotics about automated robots for the land mining industry. Elderly Care Robot Antonio Espingardeiro Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford talks to AZoRobotics about the P37 S65 Elderly Care Robot. Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo Dr. Antonio R. Gargiulo, Medical Director of the Center for Robotic Surgery of Brigham and Women’s Health Care in Boston, Massachusetts talks to Kal Kaur at AZoRobotics about Robot-Assisted Laparoscopic Myomectomy. 6-Axis Nano-Robotics Precision Positioning Stage, PIMars P-562 from PI PI’s 6-Axis nanopositioning stage offers motion in six degrees of freedom with extreme precision. It is utilised for nano-manufacturing and test and inspection of semiconductor processes. From PI (Physik Instrumente) LP TITAN 4 Manipulator Systems from Schilling Robotics, LLC. Hundreds of TITAN 4 manipulator systems are in use worldwide every day. TITAN manipulators are the highest quality system on the market for the dexterity and strength needed to withstand the industry's harsh and repetitive needs day after day. From Schilling Robotics, LLC. Full Body Inspection System(FBIS) from OLYMPUS CORPORATION Using the advantages of the phased array technology, Olympus has designed a powerful inspection system for seamless pipe inspections well-adapted to the stringent requirements of the oil and gas markets. This phased array system is flexible and can be used to match inspection performances and the product requirements of customers. 1 WORX's New Robotic Lawnmower Mows Lawn Without Supervision 2 Surgeons Perform Robotic-Assisted Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery Using Mazor X System 3 Aurora Flight Sciences Demonstrates Automated Flight Capabilities in Boeing 737 Simulator 4 Innovative Capsule Robot for Performing Efficient Colonoscopy 5 Global Neurosurgical Robotics Market Expected to Grow at 18.8% CAGR During 2016-2025 6 Vincross Named 2017 CES Asia Innovation Award Honoree for Flagship Robot Thought Leaders Application of LEGO-based Robotics in Higher Education: An Interview with Dr. Chris Rogers 3 Apr 2014 New Curriculum for Simulation-based Robotic Surgery: An Interview with Khurshid Guru and Thenkurussi Kesavadas 3 Jun 2013 Elderly Care Robot: An Interview with Antonio Espingardeiro, PhD student at the University of Salford 11 Mar 2013 Newsletters you may be interested in 3D Printing (Preview) Advanced Alloys (Preview) Aerospace (Preview) See all Newsletters » Other Sites from AZoNetwork AZoM AZoNano AZoCleantech AZoOptics AZoBuild AZoMining AZoSensors AZoQuantum News Medical Useful Links About News Articles Equipment Directory Books Journals Videos Software Market Reports Courses Events Manufacturers Distributors Consultants Newsletters Become a Member Search The Team Contact Help/FAQs Advertise Terms Sitemap back to top Facebook Twitter Google Plus AZoRobotics.com - An AZoNetwork Site Owned and operated by AZoNetwork, © 2000-2017 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more. x
Saturday, 03 June 2017 Log in Forgot Username or Password New Here? Create an account Your profile Edit profile Log out Home Technology mobility networks & services media & entertainment Business finance business & regulatory people Global europe middle east & africa asia - pacific latin america north america Events Connected Britain 2017 Carriers World & IPX Summit 2017 Connected Europe 2017 Total Telecom Congress World Communication Awards 2017 Gigabit Access 2018 all Insight knowledge network press releases white papers Webinars video collaboration centre Archive An aversion to logos could be Essential's undoing By Nick Wood, Total Telecom Friday 02 June 17 Even with a logo it is hard to stand out in a market that includes advertising behemoths like Apple and Samsung. You could design a better phone than Samsung, Apple, Huawei, or Sir Jony Ive himself, but if not enough people hear about it, you don't stand a snowflake in Hell's chance. This, in Total Telecom's considered opinion, is the biggest single challenge facing Android co-creator Andy Rubin and his new company Essential, which, as well as having a new smartphone to show off this week, also has a professed aversion to logos – which doesn't help much when it comes to brand awareness. Essential does have a logo… You could design a better phone than Samsung, Apple, Huawei, or Sir Jony Ive himself, but if not enough people hear about it, you don't stand a snowflake in Hell's chance. This, in Total Telecom's considered opinion, is the biggest single challenge facing Android co-creator Andy Rubin and his new company Essential, which, as well as having a new smartphone to show off this week, also has a professed aversion to logos – which doesn't help much when it comes to brand awareness. Essential does have a logo, of course, but it's not happy about it. The press kit section of the Website informs the weary journalist that "we're not big on logos at Essential, but if you need one, please use the following…" Essential says it's not about logos, it's about phones, and to be fair, Essential's new phone is a good-looking piece of kit, with a sturdy titanium body encasing an edge-to-edge 4K screen. Inside is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor; 4 GB of RAM and 128 GB of storage; a 13 megapixel rear camera and an 8 megapixel front-facing camera; and a fingerprint sensor. It runs Android. It also supports accessories, which attach via magnets and communicate wirelessly with the phone. The first accessory is a 360-degree camera, because framing a shot is hard, and people are nostalgic for those 90s skateboard videos filmed though a fisheye lens. Probably. Essential also unveiled its own take on Amazon Echo or Google Home. Called Home, it is designed to be less intrusive than its rivals, while offering similar functionality. However, while it does have a speaker, it is not designed to be used as a music player. Back to the phone, and the one thing it proudly lacks is a logo, because Essential says "your phone is your personal property. It's a public expression of who you are and what you stand for. Just because we played a part in making it, [it] doesn't mean you should be forced to advertise that fact to everyone in your life. Now you know why we don't have any logos on the phone." So, this is a phone designed very much for the people, and by 'people', I mean, 'rich people'. The phone comes unlocked and on its own costs $699 (€620). The camera accessory bumps up the price to $898; however, for a limited time, the phone and camera are available as a bundle for $749. Speaking at Recode's Code Conference, Rubin said the phone will begin shipping this month. The launch understandably generated a lot of excitement – Rubin co-created Android, after all; it's the phone equivalent of Steve Wozniak designing a new computer. Nonetheless, it is crucial that this be converted into sustained mindshare, if you'll forgive the gratuitous use of an advertising buzzword. Otherwise, average consumers – already bombarded by Samsung and Apple ads – will soon forget what they were so excited about. A highly unscientific and cursory glance at the online storefronts of major U.S., U.K., Japanese, and South Korean MNOs showed that Apple and Samsung hog the limelight, featuring on the front pages of the 14 operators surveyed 10 and 11 times respectively. LG ranked third with five appearances. Sony featured once. It may only be 14 of the world's operators, but together they have comfortably north of half a billion mobile subscribers. And, if the pattern observed on these 14 Websites is consistent with the industry at large, then there are a lot of eyeballs being nourished by delicious publicity shots of iPhones and Galaxy S8s. And these are just the operators' own online storefronts. There is also the money that the likes of Apple and Samsung pour into TV, print, and outdoor advertising, and sponsorship to consider too. The world is saturated with iPhone and Galaxy ads. With that in mind, Total Telecom contacted Essential to enquire about its advertising strategy; this story will be updated if and when it responds. The bottom line is Essential might not think a logo is essential, but getting word out to potential customers surely is. We are having trouble showing you adverts on this page, which may be a result of ad blocker software being installed on your device. To view the article please disable any ad blocking software Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. TRENDING » An aversion to logos could be Essential's undoing » Facebook working on chat app for kids » Who Will Be the First 5G City in Europe? Carriers Accelerate… » Vivendi becomes Telecom Italia parent as De Puyfontaine is c… » Carlos Slim mulling Telesites stake sale » ASUS, HP, Lenovo to make Qualcomm-powered Windows 10 PCs » Gigabit LTE to account for 30% of global LTE connections by… » 3UK completes £300m UK Broadband buy » Vivendi CEO to be named Telecom Italia chairman » Charter rejected Verizon takeover bid RECENTLY READ » An aversion to logos could be Essential's undoing Newsletter signup Quickly get on board and up to date with the telecoms industry Your Last Name Your Email Your Company Login RELATED ARTICLES Qualcomm sues iPhone manufacturers for withholding royalties Global average connection speed rises 15% according to Akamai Who Will Be the First 5G City in Europe? Carriers Accelerate to 5G London Marathon embraces next-gen digital with Tata Consultancy Services   Quick Links Home Media information About us Contact us Privacy My profile Newsletter Breakfast briefings Webinars Video Social Links Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Total Telecom meets the information and research needs of the Global Communications industry, from breaking news to expert analysis. It is the leading communications link between end users and the vendors, carriers and resellers of telecommunications technology and services. Email: info@totaltele.com Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7092 1000 © terrapinn holdings ltd mmxvi all rights reserved Home Technology mobility networks & services media & entertainment Business finance business & regulatory people Global europe middle east & africa asia - pacific latin america north america Events Connected Britain 2017 Carriers World & IPX Summit 2017 Connected Europe 2017 Total Telecom Congress World Communication Awards 2017 Gigabit Access 2018 all Insight knowledge network press releases white papers Webinars video collaboration centre Archive
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus Here's why Apple isn't likely to preview a new iPhone months ahead of its formal launch. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jun 2, 2017 at 10:15AM AppleInsider shared some speculation from a J.P. Morgan analyst that there was "some possibility" that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) would show off the next-generation iPhone at its upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) event next week. AppleInsider went on to note that the analyst thinks that the public will get such a preview due to "expected large form factor change as well as new 3D scanning features." Image source: Apple. AppleInsider's Mike Wuerthele pegged this as "highly unlikely" and I agree. Here's why. Needlessly hurting iPhone 7 series sales On Apple's most recent earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said that the company believes that it is seeing a "pause in purchases on iPhone" due to what the executive described as "earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones." This isn't terribly surprising. Interest in future iPhone models is generally very high among investors, consumers, and the tech press, so speculation and leaks about future iPhone models is bound to circulate to a sizable portion of the smartphone/iPhone customer base. Furthermore, given that the extent of this year's changes should be quite significant (I'd argue that they're more substantial than even the ones that Apple brought to market with the iPhone 6 series devices), the information contained in these leaks sounds compelling enough that it'd be quite sensible for potential iPhone customers who are exposed to these reports would try to hold off for the new phone, if possible. So, if Apple's executive leadership team believes that leaks about future iPhone models in the tech press is depressing iPhone sales (and I would hazard that a substantial portion, if not the majority, of smartphone buyers don't closely follow the reports about future iPhone models), then surely the team would realize that publicly previewing an iPhone that won't be out for several more months at least would probably have an even bigger negative impact on current iPhone sales. That's just bad for business and, for stockholders, virtually no potential upside for Apple. But doesn't the analyst make a good point? The analyst's basis for this speculation seems to be that Apple might want to give application developers a heads-up about what's coming so that they can prepare their applications to take advantage of the new features available to them in the new iPhone. Although that's a reasonable point, it's also important to understand that the developers of the most common iOS apps (e.g., major game developers, social media, and so on) may get advance knowledge of these features (as well as software development tools to use them) in private under a non-disclosure agreement. If the major first- and third-party apps can take advantage of whatever new features Apple plans to bring to the new iPhone early on, then that should be more than enough to make said features into compelling selling points. Such "exclusivity" on the part of the larger app developers would give them a few months' advantage over the smaller app developers in implementing new features, but in the scheme of things, this is a reasonable trade-off for Apple to make to avoid further hurting its current iPhone sales. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jun 2, 2017 at 10:15AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Read More How to Buy Apple Stock, and Why You Should Want To 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Another Reason Apple Picked Its Fight With Qualcomm Now Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 Looks Great Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current This Crazy Apple Inc. WWDC Rumor Seems Totally Bogus @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Anthony Bouchard on June 2, 2017 7 Apple will be live-streaming its WWDC 2017 event, just as they have for the last several years, so the world can tune in and see what’s new in the world of iOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS, and more. No matter what type of device you’re using the day of the event, you can live-stream the keynote. In this piece, we’ll go over all the methods on how for every operating system and platform. How to stream WWDC 2017 live The live stream is accessible on virtually any device, so long as you have the right software requirements to do so. One of the following setups is going to be required to watch the WWDC 2017 event live: Any iOS 7.0 or later iPhone, iPod touch, or iPad and viewed with the Safari web browser Any Mac running OS X 10.8.5 or later and viewed with the Safari 6.0.5 or later web browser Any PC running Windows 10 and viewed with the Microsoft Edge web browser Any Apple TV running software 6.2 or later, or the Apple TV 4 with any version of tvOS NOTE: Streaming for Android and older configurations of Windows require a special link that won’t be available until Monday, June 5th – the day of the keynote. All other streaming methods are straightforward and should work as described. We will update that post accordingly once that streaming link becomes available. How to watch WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, or Mac If you’re using an Apple device to stream WWDC 2017, then you’re all set in terms of software, as long as everything is up to date. All you will have to do is visit the WWDC 2017 page at 10 A.M. PDT (1 P.M. EST) in Safari and wait for the event to begin. It should start playing as soon as Apple begins broadcasting; if it doesn’t just try refreshing the page and that should jump-start your viewing process. How to watch WWDC 2017 on an Apple TV If you’re fortunate enough to have an Apple TV and will be tuning in from the comfort of your own living room sofa, there’s a different process to stream WWDC 2017 on it depending on the type of Apple TV you have. On older Apple TVs (third-generation and earlier), an app icon is automatically added to the Home screen for tuning in to WWDC for your convenience. Fourth-generation Apple TV users will have to download the Apple Events app from the App Store to watch WWDC 2017 live. After the app is on your Apple TV Home screen, simply launch it before 10 A.M. PDT (1 P.M. EST) and the streaming will begin on your TV set automatically. How to watch WWDC 2017 on an Android device If you’re on the other side of town and are tuning in from an Android device, then you’ll be happy to know there’s a process available for you as well. Just follow these steps: 1) Download and launch the VLC app, then tap on the Menu button, then tap Stream. 2) After you’re asked for a streaming source, enter the following URL: Note: The link is not yet available, but we will update this post when it is. 3) Tap on the Play button after 10 A.M. PDT (1 P.M. EST) and the live stream will be playing from your Android device through VLC. How to watch WWDC 2017 on a Windows PC If you’re using a Windows PC, then the steps to live-stream the WWDC 2017 keynote vary depending on the version of Windows you’re running. Windows 10 users can visit the WWDC 2017 page in the Microsoft Edge web browser at 10 A.M. PDT (1 P.M. EST). Microsoft Edge supports HLS streaming, much like Safari does on your Mac or iOS device, which means you will get a seamless viewing experience. Windows 8.1 and earlier users can tune in by following these steps: 1) Download and open the VLC app, then go to Media > Open Network Stream from the top of the app’s interface. 2) When prompted to enter a source, enter the following URL: Note: The link is not yet available, but we will update this post when it is. 3) Click on the Play button after 10 A.M. PDT (1 P.M. EST) and the live stream will play from VLC Media Player.   Different Time Zones If you’re not from the United States and you’re wondering when the WWDC 2017 keynote will begin for you, the following time zone conversions may be useful: Beijing, China: Tuesday 1:00 A.M. CST Berlin, Germany: Monday 7:00 P.M. CEDT Hong Kong, China: Tuesday 1:00 A.M. CST London, United Kingdom: Monday 6:00 P.M. BST Los Angeles, United States: Monday 10:00 A.M. PDT Moscow, Russia: Monday 8:00 P.M. MSK New York, United States: Monday 1:00 P.M. EDT Paris, France: Monday 7:00 P.M. CEDT Rome, Italy: Monday 7:00 P.M. CEDT Salt Lake City, United States: Monday 11:00 A.M. MDT Sydney, Australia: Tuesday 3:00 A.M. AEST Tokyo, Japan: Tuesday 2:00 A.M. JST Follow along with us If you’re as excited as we are to watch WWDC 2017 and see what Apple has in store, then be sure to stay tuned to iDB throughout and after the keynote for in-depth coverage of all the latest announcements and releases. We’re expecting to see previews of Apple’s next major firmware releases for Apple Watch, iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Mac, as well as potential bumps to Mac hardware at the event. Some rumors have even suggested a new Siri Speaker may be on its way to compete with Amazon Echo and Google Now. As always, there will probably be surprises, as well as humorous blurbs. Will you be watching the WWDC 2017 keynote live? Share in the comments section below! Tagged: Android Apple Event Guide How to iOS iPad iPhone Live Live Streaming Mac macOS News Safari Streaming Tips Tutorial watchOS Windows WWDC WWDC 2017 MORE FROM iDB How to export Safari bookmarks from your iPhone or iPad to a Mac or PC How to redeem iTunes or Apple Music gift cards How to recycle your old tech with Apple’s Recycling Program burge As always but this time I’ll be at a bar having to watch it on my iPhone and not my ATV. It’s a hard life. Haha. Agneev I think Apple TV should be prioritized than Windows or Android. Agneev It’s from 10:30PM to 12:30AM in India. Jamie Tilden Wednesday? I thought it was June 5th? Phil Randle Those times are wrong,the keynote is June 5th so that would be Tuesday June 6th, 3am in Sydney. Raphael Shakhabudinov Are you sure about keynote time and even dates in all these time zones? Say like, in WWDC app on my iPhone it says: “Monday, 20:00, Moscow local time”. Your article tells somewhat different. And the other places are also seem to be wrong. Agneev Yeah, they’re wrong! Featured Latest Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Mad Max, Pulp Fiction and other iTunes movies on sale right now Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… The best 4K monitors Daily Deals: 20% off PlayStation Plus membership, 10% off Uber gift card, and more 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Another alleged iPhone 8 dummy with rear Touch ID surfaces How to live stream WWDC 2017 on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, Windows, and Android Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Jailbreak News JailbreakersUnite: a new conference that aims to bring jailbreak community members together SaveBot lets you save videos from your timeline in Tweetbot DetailedCellularUsage reveals hidden items in your iPhone’s cellular usage report Allow guests to sign into your iPhone or iPad with Guest Mode 2 Toka replaces Home screen’s Today widgets with missed notifications Apps Can Facebook win over the Snapchat audience with purported teen-centric Talk app? Apple’s free app of the week: The Robot Factory Expand iPad’s Picture-in-Picture feature with PiPifier How to stop Mail app from downloading all attachments on Mac Apple updating Swift Playgrounds with support for robots, drones, and instruments Accessories 10.5″ iPad Pro screen protector surfaces ahead of rumored WWDC announcement Nike’s new sneaker-matching Apple Watch bands now available for purchase Twelve South’s BookArc stand for Apple notebooks now available in Space Gray Apple’s begun manufacturing its Siri speaker ahead of WWDC Elgato debuts Eve Degree HomeKit sensor [video review] Deals Salesforce Administrator Certification Training Bundle for $36 Adonit Switch 2-in-1 Stylus & Pen for $19 Salesforce Lightning Experience User Training for $18 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple There’s a battle raging over Apple’s iPhone 8 design Zach Epstein BGR News June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share It’s now June, which means we have just over three months to go until Apple unveils its new iPhones for 2017. But this time in years past, Apple’s upcoming new iPhone design was basically a matter of record. While nothing is ever truly confirmed until Apple announces its new iPhones on stage in California, the rumor mill has always managed to produce a clear picture of what to expect. This year, however, the rumor mill is torn. Will the iPhone 8 feature an all-screen face with barely any bezels, or will there be a hideous notch cut out for the camera, speaker and sensors? Will Apple and its partners figure out how to get their embedded Touch ID sensor ready for mass production, or will Apple have to move the fingerprint scanner to the back? These questions and more have yet to be answered, and the fight took yet another turn on Friday morning. Don't Miss: It’ll be a long time until the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot are priced this low again Early on Friday morning, new photos were posted on Slashleaks that supposedly showed an iPhone 8 mockup. We covered them in an earlier post. The mockup shown in those pictures was essentially an iPhone 7 with a new dual-lens rear camera and a new Touch ID fingerprint scanner integrated into the aluminum back of the phone. It goes without saying that these new photos show an iPhone 8 design that flies in the face of everything we’ve heard so far. Apple’s new iPhone 8 is expected to feature wireless charging, which means the company can no longer use aluminum housings. Instead, Apple is expected to use Gorilla Glass on the front and back of the iPhone 8, with a stainless steel midframe that is rounded and polished around the edges. The steel edges should create a perfectly rounded design when lined up with the 2.5D glass on the front and back of the phone. In response to those photos, graphic designer turned gadget leaker @VenyaGeskin1 posted the following tweet: Clone is wrong! This is how its going to look like. #iPhone8 pic.twitter.com/U7sY9hqm5S — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) June 2, 2017 Now, Geskin has thrown a whole lot of spaghetti at the wall, so something will inevitably end up sticking. Citing unnamed sources who are believed for the most part to be random people in Chinese forums who claim to have an inside track at Foxconn, he has in the past made too many conflicting iPhone 8 claims to count. He’s said that the Touch ID sensor will be on the back. He’s said it will be on the front, embedded in the screen. He’s said that the dual-lens camera will be horizontal. He’s said it will be vertical. He’s said the flash will be beneath the two rear camera lenses. He’s said it will be between the two rear camera lenses. And so on. The iPhone 8 design Geskin seems to have landed on is the one pictured above. It’s a gorgeous design that is mostly in line with what we’ve heard from more reliable sources, though the notch cutout along the top of the display is absolutely hideous. It’s almost as bad as the one on Andy Rubin’s Essential phone. The only way I could see Apple actually using a design like this is if the company keeps the portions of the display panel on either side of the speaker and sensors dark, using them only to display things that currently appear in the iPhone’s status bar (carrier, signal strength, battery charge, Bluetooth status, location status, etc.). Of course, that wouldn’t work very well on an iPhone with a white face — perhaps Apple will only release the iPhone 8 in one color? We’re close enough to the iPhone 8’s launch that the design is almost certainly finalized by now. In fact, we recently shared exclusive photos of what is believed to be Apple’s final iPhone 8 design, though the mockup seen there doesn’t answer the display question. Someone with more solid sources will undoubted answer the iPhone 8 design questions that remain, but you can expect to see plenty of back and forth until then. Trending right now: Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones Tim Cook blasts Trump’s withdrawal from Paris climate deal, vows to ‘never waver’ See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech T-Mobile slashes the iPhone 7 by $100, offers family plan for $35 per line Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Fireball malware could spark 'global catastrophe' after infecting 250 million computers International Business Times Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Dan Howley No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Innovation How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations Jun 01, 2017 Podcasts Research Strategic Management North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Subscribe on iTunes! mic Listen to the podcast: Wharton's David Robertson discusses his new book on innovation. http://media.blubrry.com/kw/p/d1c25a6gwz7q5e.cloudfront.net/audio/20170522-KW-RobertsonBook.mp3 Supports K@W's Innovation Content When most people hear the word innovation, they think about Uber, Airbnb and Amazon — disruptive companies that upended entire industries with a radical new way to do business. But Wharton operations, information and decisions practice professor David Robertson argues that this view is too narrow a definition of innovation, and one that is not useful to most companies. In his book, The Power of Little Ideas: A Low-Risk, High-Reward Approach to Innovation, Robertson talks about a more practical way companies can innovate: by focusing on complementary actions around a key product. He teaches innovation and product development at Wharton and is the host of Innovation Navigation, a Wharton Business Radio program. Robertson recently spoke to Knowledge@Wharton about his book. An edited transcript of the conversation follows. Knowledge@Wharton: The inspiration for this book actually came, in some ways, from a can of paint. Why don’t you tell us about that? David Robertson: My previous book was about Lego, and that was a story about a company that figured out that you didn’t want to innovate inside the box — that wasn’t going to get them anywhere — and you didn’t want to innovate outside the box because that almost put them out of business, but rather, around the box. Complementary innovations around a core product — the brick for Lego — was what really led them to their recent success. I got my house painted a couple of summers ago, and the contractor I hired put together a proposal. He helped me choose colors and helped me decide what kind of paint, what things needed painting the most, and how I’d manage on a limited budget. He put together a proposal, and he picked Sherwin Williams paint. I looked at my favorite consumer ratings magazine, and Sherwin-Williams paint is good, but it’s twice as expensive as another paint that’s equally good. So I talked to him, and I said, “Can’t we use this other paint?” And he said, “Well, yes, we could, but it’s going to raise your price.” I said, “I don’t understand, the other paint is half the price.” And he said, “Yeah, but paint is only about 15% of the total cost of your project. I have to think about all the supplies; I’ve got to line up the labor; there’s the overhead of running a company, etc..” He said, “What Sherwin-Williams does is help me though the entire process of working with you, from helping you choose your colors — there’s a Sherwin-Williams color consultant — to figuring out how much paint is needed for the primer, and for the paint itself, brushes, tarps, all the other supplies. Then, during the project, it is keeping me supplied — I can return extra primer if I don’t need it. If I run out of something, that Sherwin-Williams rep will be over at the site, delivering what I need. Then, at the end, he helps me put together that next proposal. Because there’s always a next proposal, as any homeowner knows. I looked, and it turns out within a five or 10-minute drive of my house, there are more Sherwin-Williams stores than there are Starbucks, and that’s because they realized who their customer is. It’s not me. I’m the end consumer, of course, and I’m the one that has Sherwin-Williams paint on the house. But it’s that small business, the painting contractor, [that they focus on]. Sherwin-Williams, like Lego, realized it’s not so much about the product — their product is a can of paint — it’s about their innovations around the product that make that product more valuable. I wanted to write a book for companies that wanted to try this approach to innovation. I don’t argue that there’s one best way to innovate, but it seems like it’s a tool that every innovation leader should have in their tool belt. Knowledge@Wharton: What isn’t being discussed when companies think about innovation, or how they should strategize toward an innovation? Robertson: I interview innovation thinkers, gurus, consultants, executives who have done interesting innovative things, and I continually see this binary view of innovation … — [develop] an incrementally better version of your current product here … or something revolutionary and disruptive, be it some kind of Blue Ocean Strategy thing (creating an uncontested market) or lean startup or disruptive technology, some kind of new and better version of your business. In other words, leaving the old behind and venturing out into new territories. “Sherwin-Williams … realized it’s not so much about the product — their product is a can of paint — it’s about their innovations around the product that make that product more valuable.” To see innovation in that binary way is dangerous. Most people in most companies doing most of the innovation are focused on that current product that needs to become more competitive. Maybe it’s competitively challenged; maybe it has become a commodity, whatever. What I liked about the approach of Lego and Sherwin-Williams was that it was focused on that type of innovation: How do we take our existing product and make it more compelling, make it more valuable for our customers? Knowledge@Wharton: Your book is not saying that in using this ‘third way’ of innovating, we have to throw out things. It’s more about finding the right toolkit to use for whatever your problem happens to be, or to solve your market issues. Are there ways, once you start using this third way, to keep your employees on track? Sponsored Content: Robertson: This book was a hard one to write, because the stuff in the middle is really review. It’s the material at the beginning and the end that’s different. What I lay out in the book is a four-step process. And the first step — what you are asking about — is really the step of answering, “Who are we as a company? What are our crown jewels? What are those things that we did yesterday that we’re going to do today and that we are going to do tomorrow? The things that made our company great, that our customers still depend on us for? What’s our [Lego] brick?” Some companies have many different bricks. Lego was easy. Sherwin-Williams was easy. But there are other companies where it’s more difficult [to find the key product]. But starting small, choosing something important, and then trying to understand what customers are getting from the product is the first step. That is a different step. It’s almost where you’re not going to innovate. What’s going to stay the same? I think that’s a much more stable base to build innovation efforts from. Then, once you’ve done that, it’s understanding what the value is to the customer, what I call “the promise,” that’s the second step. Then you come to the third step, which is the creative idea generation, and there’s lots of different ways to do it. Then, going into some of the prototyping and experimentation to understand whether you have the right ideas, that’s all pretty well-trod territory. I put in some things that are unique to this approach to innovation in the book. But then, it’s the fourth step, and you have to read all the way to Chapter 7. If you’re a company that’s good at product development, developing a better version of your product or service, then you have probably set up roles and responsibilities, and structured processes, metrics, reward systems, that make you very good at that. But that actually prevents this approach to innovation. You have to change some of that, otherwise, you are setting your team up for failure. That last part, about how you change your organization to give your team the chance to be successful, that’s what makes this so hard. “Get a team organized around some product, and give them the freedom to really think more broadly than just about the product or service.” Knowledge@Wharton: You also have to organize your company that way, because if it’s organized toward disruption, you can’t do this. Robertson: That’s right, and it’s why I suggest starting small. Get a team organized around some product, and give them the freedom to really think more broadly than just about the product or service. Rather, give the team the mandate to start thinking about other services, partners, channels to market, whatever, that will really help your customers get more value from the product. That’s something that can be really difficult to overcome in a company. But if you start small, you can show that it’s valuable, and then build up from there. Knowledge@Wharton: Now you also point out — using Kodak as an example — that this is not the answer for every company, for every problem. For example, Kodak probably couldn’t have used the third way to survive the advent of digital photography. Robertson: That’s right. I think of it as another tool in the tool belt that I don’t see people talking about. Knowledge@Wharton: One of the things you talk about in the book is that Lego — back when their fortunes had declined, and they were looking for a way back to growth — first turned to incremental innovation. Then they turned to disruption, and then they turned to this [third way of innovating around the box]. Robertson: I saw that pattern being repeated again and again. I saw it with Apple; I saw it with Gatorade. One of the first things that companies tend to do is … maybe they’ve grown because they came out with a great product. So they do more of that product, and they expand it to new geographies, and the company grows and everything’s wonderful. Then, all of a sudden, that’s not enough. That avenue for growth hits its inevitable end. Then what often happens — what happened at Lego, Apple, Gatorade, etc. — is they keep putting out more versions of the product. Every new variant that they spin off makes less money, but has just as much cost. So profits go down, sales don’t go up, and the whole thing — if you keep doing it — will result in a problem. What happened at Lego — as also happened at Apple, and that happened at other companies — is that they begin to ask this: How can we reinvent the future? How can we reinvent the future of play for Lego or computing for Apple or whatever? And they come out with all kinds of revolutionary disruptive products. And that’s really dangerous. It’s expensive, it’s difficult, it fails a lot. It doesn’t mean you don’t want to try. You absolutely want to try. You have to have somebody looking out there to see what’s happening with technologies, and with competitors, and new low-end, high-tech solutions that could disrupt you if you’re not really paying attention to it. You’ve got to be focused on that. “Steve Jobs was not a disruptor. He was disruptive, but not a disruptor. That may sound like academic nitpicking, but I think it’s really important.” But it’s tough to bet the company on it. It was only when those companies went back to the core product and started innovating around it that they began to have the success that they had. Knowledge@Wharton: A lot of times, when people talk about innovation at Apple, what they talk about is disruption. You argue that it’s the third way that actually came first. Robertson: Yes, and I get a lot of heat for that second chapter about Apple, because I’m arguing that [its late cofounder and visionary CEO] Steve Jobs was not a disruptor. He was disruptive, but not a disruptor. That may sound like academic nitpicking, but I think it’s really important, because it says something about where innovation leaders should look for ideas. Let me go into that in a little bit of depth. Apple, when it came out with the iPod and iTunes in 2001, made major changes in the music industry. Of course, in 2003, when they opened up the iTunes Store, that was a big change. And it opened up the first major digital market. If you’re a music company or if you’re a company making MP3 players, that feels like a disruption. But the point that I try to make in the chapter is that Steve Jobs was not looking to disrupt. You’ve got to go back to 2001 to see that Apple was a company that had focused on the PC market, and had steadily been losing share. I think they had a peak of about 15% in the mid-1990s … and hit a low of 4% market share. Things were really bad at Apple in 2001. Of course, it was the tech crash, so there was less demand, but things were not going well. What Steve Jobs was doing with the iPod and iTunes was he came out — and I urge anybody to go back and listen to his Macworld presentation from 2001, where he shows a picture of a Mac in the middle, and he shows around it a VCR and a digital camera and a CD player and a Palm Pilot — and he said, “Your life is becoming digital. Your pictures are digital, your movies are digital, both the ones you watch and the ones you take. And your music is digital. And in no place is this experience worse than with music. So, we’re going to help you manage your digital life.” And then, he introduces the iPod and iTunes. And iTunes, actually, was a product called SoundJam that he’d acquired the year before and improved slightly, but it was introduced as iTunes. And of course, the iPod was, at that time, an MP3 player. And Steve Jobs, if you go back and read Walter Isaacson’s biography, fought like crazy resisting taking iTunes to the IBM platform, which of course, was necessary. I mean, the customers just demanded it, so he had to. But the purpose of the iPod and iTunes was not to disrupt the music industry, it was to complement the Mac. It was to sell more Macs and to make the Mac more valuable. It was to make it the hub of your digital life. Again, if you’re in the music industry, those feel very disruptive. But Steve Jobs was not looking to disrupt. He was saying, “What is our brick? What’s that center of who we are? It’s the Mac. How can we sell more Macs? Well, by making it more valuable. Well, what do people want? They want to manage their digital life.” And in 2001, that was becoming a real thing. Let’s do that for one area — music — and let’s see whether that can’t sell some more Macs. It really was, I think, a misunderstood case. That is not a case of disruption, not from the standpoint of what was going through Steve Jobs’ mind in 2001. Knowledge@Wharton: What do you think is Apple’s brick today? Would it be the Mac or the iPhone? Robertson: They followed where their customers led them. That iPod, of course, became the iPod Touch, and then it became the iPhone in 2007. Then the App Store opens up in 2008, and there’s this whole system of complementary innovations around the iPhone. Now, of course, they make a lot more money from the small screen than from the big screen. The iPhone has become its own center of a system of complementary innovations. One of those, of course, is the Watch. We will see whether the Apple Watch becomes a third center. It doesn’t look like it is. It looks like Apple is not quite able to execute. One of the things that Steve Jobs was able to do, he had that force of personality that demanded everybody in the company work together to make an insanely great customer experience. “The purpose of the iPod and iTunes was not to disrupt the music industry, it was to complement the Mac.” Well, as the company has grown, and as Steve Jobs is gone, it may be getting harder within Apple to bring together all the different parts of the company to really make that seamless experience. To make it not around one center, but around two or even three, if you count the Watch. I end the book with a story of Disney. Disney is both a great example because they were the first to do this — back in 1937, they were doing this with the first animated feature, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. They also had records, so you could sing along. They had bath salts, so you could smell like Snow White. They had events at the movie theater. The Mickey Mouse Club, at its peak, was bigger than the Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts combined. All those things made the movie more valuable and the whole experience better. But as Disney grew, and — especially during the [CEO Michael] Eisner years, this has been well documented — all those different things became their own business units. So there was the theme park business unit, the movie business unit, the stores business unit, and the TV shows. All those things kind of went in their own direction. And the one that was let go, that lost some of its luster, was movies and telling stories. A lot of the characters in the stories were the things that drew people to Disney World, and to the merchandise in the stores and so forth. And Bob Iger, when he took over for Eisner, realized that. He said, “I had this eye-opening trip in Tokyo, where I looked around, and all the characters that kids were really excited by or interested in were either very old Disney characters, like Mickey Mouse or Donald Duck and Goofy, or the new ones from Pixar.” All the other movies that they had been making — The Princess and the Frog, Bolt — were just a lot of very ho-hum movies that Disney put out. They’d lost that art. So Iger purchased Pixar, and used the management of Pixar to help revive the fortunes of the Disney innovation. Of course, that led to Frozen and some of the other great Disney animated features that we’ve seen, and a revival of the whole system of innovations around it. Knowledge@Wharton: How do you find those ah-ha moments, like when Gatorade realized that athletes were its core audience? Robertson: It starts with that question, ‘What are our crown jewels?’ Lego asked the question, ‘What would the world miss if we were gone?’ And what they found was that people would miss the brick, the plastic brick. … The toys that didn’t have bricks in them were the toys that failed. People felt that if there was no brick, they had no reason to do business with Lego. They’d rather go to Fisher-Price or Mattel or Hasbro. Just asking that question, ‘What are our crown jewels?’ And then, for each of them, what would the world miss if it was gone? Then, going out and talking to those customers and watching them use the product. Watching kids play, or watching a contractor paint a house: That’s what you have to do to understand where other innovations might make that crown jewel more valuable to a customer. The Power of Little Ideas: A Low-Risk, High-Reward Approach to Innovation Supports K@W's Innovation Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 01 June, 2017. Web. 03 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/power-little-ideas/> APA How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, June 01). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/power-little-ideas/ Chicago "How ‘Little Ideas’ Can Lead to Powerful Innovations" Knowledge@Wharton, June 01, 2017, accessed June 03, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/power-little-ideas/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Innovation How LEGO Stopped Thinking Outside the Box and Innovated Inside the Brick LEGO has built a global empire and become a household name, thanks to the interlocking bricks that its founders developed half a century ago. But the company almost went belly up in the early 2000s due to an innovation binge Innovation Innovation Almost Bankrupted LEGO — Until It Rebuilt with a Better Blueprint After years of booming sales followed by a sudden slowdown, the LEGO Group went on an innovation binge, spinning its iconic plastic blocks into a number of new products and markets. Although its effort produced a few hits, the strategy Sponsored Content Designing for the Circular Economy Innovative companies are exploring strategies that address end-of-life issues upfront.   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment Anumakonda Jagadeesh Outstanding article on ideas, innovations and Development. INNOVATION FUND & INNOVATION CENTRES IN ENGINEERING COLLEGES IN INDIA In a broader sense, innovation is important to the advancement of society around the world. New and innovative products can increase the standard of living and provide people with opportunities to improve their lives. Breakthroughs in medicine and technology have significantly improved living standards around the world. Innovation has also lead to significant improvements in the way businesses operate and has closed the gaps between different markets. Innovation in engineering: Innovation in engineering is much more than research and development. It encompasses an end-to-end process, such that it extracts value through implementation. Innovation involves: • creating or generating new activities, products, processes and services • seeing things from a different perspective • moving outside the existing paradigms • improving existing processes and functions • disseminating new activities or ideas • adopting things that have been successfully tried elsewhere Innovation covers the area from minor quality improvements to ‘cutting edge’ products and services. “If we can’t find ways to inspire a generation of engineers with varied skills, this is going to be a principle obstacle for growth in our slowly recovering global economy” said Lidia Brito, Director of the Division of Science Policy and Capacity Building at UNESCO. “A recent UNESCO Engineering Report shows a marked shortage of engineers in many countries. Although the general number of engineering students is increasing worldwide, the proportion who enroll in engineering, as compared to other disciplines, is concernedly dropping. We need hands-on challenges like Fly Your Ideas to motivate young innovators about the potential of engineering in helping to find practical solutions to issues the world may face in the near future.” Such innovation may be under threat from a skills gap that could be hitting the economy hard. It will see high tech companies face a shortfall of 40 million of the skilled workers needed by 2020 and beyond, with aerospace likely to suffer, along with motor and the medical equipment sectors. Charles Champion, Executive Vice President Engineering at Airbus and Fly Your Ideas Patron, says: “These future-focused and disruptive concepts prove that engineering isn’t just about technical skills – it’s about having an innovative mindset and a creative approach. But for our industry to succeed in making aviation carbon neutral by 2020, we need a constant source of fresh and inventive ideas from the innovators of today and those of tomorrow. Our future solutions are here right now – and through projects like ‘Fly Your Ideas’, we are helping them to become a reality for the future.” Innovation is extremely important to a country like India as it is closely related to productivity. Although there are a number of avenues to increased productivity, innovation is the most significant factor. Creativity is seeing what everyone sees and thinking what no one else has thought before,Invention is transforming those new thoughts into tangible ideas Innovation goes even further, involving preparedness to mix with the commercial world to turn novel ideas into products . The expertise of the engineering profession is vital to convert innovative ideas into reality for common use. Many of the comforts humankind enjoys today have been the result of innovative engineers. Examples include electrical appliances, transportation, buildings, telecommunications and urban infrastructure. Innovation and technology have become two inseparable words in the annals of human history. Engineers drive technology and are therefore at the forefront of innovation. In India there were efforts to harness the talent and innovative spirit among people by organisations like National Innovation Foundation(NIF),National Research Development Corporation(NRDC),TePP etc. besides some private initiatives(Spark the Rise) etc. In a vast country like ours these are piecemeal. “The real innovation has to come from the bottom of the pyramid,” he added.” The amount spent for innovation should help to shape the beneficiaries as entrepreneurs. I have a project: Innovation Centres in Engineering Colleges:in India: Engineers are best suited to innovate. Unfortunately most of the Engineering Colleges like Infrastructure facilities(like Good Workshop, Electronics Lab etc). A Project,” INNOVATION CENTRES) in Engineering Colleges can be started under Innovation Fund. Selected Colleges can be provided to start a good workshop and Electronics Lab. This way the Students can undertake innovative projects and come out with good gadgets. Later they can patent them and go for commercialization. This is the best way to spend Innovation Fund so that there will be productivity and promotion of Entrepreneurship. We often talk of Appropriate Technology(AT): it should be: A T ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY AFFORDABLE TECHNOLOGY ADAPTABLE TECHNOLOGY ACCEPTABLE TECHNOLOGY ACCESSIBLE TECHNOLOGY I have a novel scheme to SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FOR THE PEOPLE: Human Resources – Traditional Knowledge and Methods – Great Assets to Developing Countries Ideas float around in bewildering numbers, and scores of designs, ranging from windmills to the spinning wheel, are available ; papers are circulated stating the wonders of intermediate (not innovative) technology what could be done, why it should be done, what must be done, and how the rural countryside can be changed if intermediate technology is implemented. Experts are called from abroad to tell people this. In all this talk, there seems to be no place for the ideas generated by farmers, rural artisans. A stand seems to have been taken that this transfer of technology for the socio-economic regeneration of the rural areas is a novelty for country-folk. But rural communities have survived for generations without any help in ideas and materials from outside. They have developed a low-cost technology of their own, suited to their own particular areas. It would be foolish to overlook and take for granted methods used by farmers and artisans. When a ploughshare develops trouble on the field, when a bullock cart breaks down on the road to market, when a house collapses in a storm, the villager uses materials available in the immediate vicinity to solve his problem. It is the scientist who must see these problems as challenges that must be met if there is to be development in rural areas. It is clear that the villagers and scientists will see the problems of the villages quite differently, and it will not always be true that the projects proposed by the scientists will be meaningful to the villages. If projects are imposed on the villagers, they are likely to be skeptical and may well resist rather than co-operate with the programme. Rural Development Schemes, in the broadest sense, requires first a good sociological approach, and as much psychology as scientific knowledge. After all ‘country means people and not soil’. Problems – People – Solutions Research, Development and Demonstration projects in developing countries have generated a variety of devices and systems for exploitation – for example, solar cookers, wind battery charges etc. In Innovation theory, this is a classic case of technology push, that is, technical solutions looking for a social application. Technology push innovations might of course be adopted if they happen to satisfy a real demand, or are heavily promoted. Success is much more likely, however if the needs, priorities and demands are studied before attempting to introduce a new technology or system. This is the demand pull approach to innovation. Often identifying the right problem is difficult rather than finding a possible solution. People are better judges to identify the problems and since they benefit most by the solutions, they can contribute for finding the best solutions. A novel and innovative scheme is suggested to achieve the above goal. In developing countries the Government can advertise in the media seeking problems from the people in different disciplines like education, health, energy, industry etc. The problems received can be screened, studied and short-listed by a committee comprising government officials, experts, representatives from N.G.O’s etc. The short-listed problems can be re-advertised seeking solutions from people. The solutions received can be studied in detail and the best solutions given awards. To catch a fish the bait should be attractive enough. As such there should be sizeable incentive so that people can devote their talent and energies for finding solutions. As the saying goes ‘Anything can be done for a Dollar’. In this way the creative potential of the people can be tapped to the full and a thought process will be set in motion in the country. In India a general knowledge programme conducted by a Super Star on TV is a roaring success and children, youth and old-all alike have become addicted to get equipped with general knowledge so that they can try their luck for winning fabulous cash prizes. The Author has developed Novel solutions and sustainable technologies for the benefits of bottoms billions like Everybody’s Solar Water Heater, Simple Solar Drier, Safe Drinking Water from Solar Disinfection,Energy Conserbvation in Irrigation pumpsets,Hand operated Battery charger, Multiple Uses of Gas Stove,Pedal operated Washing machine etc., Creativity, Innovation and Invention are the Pillars of Progress. Today in Industry, INNOVATE OR PERISH is the MANTRA. Dr.A.Jagadeesh Nellore(AP) India Recipient Margaret Noble Foundation Seattle Award in Energy Technology. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Archives Best of Everything Guide Cat population multiplying fast in urban areas Mugshot: Felon flees BPD officers Photos: 2017 SE Texas valedictorians, salutatorians SO: Drugs, guns and $13K seized from Nederland apartment US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Source: Chicago, federal government draft police reform deal Suspect dead, 3 police officers wounded in Texas shootout Chicago man gets 9 years sentence for Indonesia slaying role 3rd worker found dead after blast at Wisconsin corn mill A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Rep: Brandy released from hospital after collapse Aerial storytellers begin ship show tonight David Sedaris diaries are mundane, profane, downright odd Roger Waters on veterans, touring and his new, solo album cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports PN-G baseball advances to state finals You can fish without a license in TX Saturday PN-G baseball a win away from state finals Coach Carter's PN-G Indians stepping up when called upon Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 6-2-17 'Toon Time 6-1-17 'Toon Time 5-31-17 'Toon Time 5-29-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.businessinsider.com/siri-vs-google-assistant-cortana-alexa-2016-11?utm_source=hearst&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=allverticals It looks like Apple has some work to do if it wants Siri to be as smart as Google Assistant Jeff Dunn, provided by Published 8:22 am, Friday, June 2, 2017 Apple's next big developer conference starts Monday, and the hot rumor is that the company plans to launch its own smart speaker. According to a recent report from Bloomberg, this will be somewhat similar to the Amazon Echo and Google Home, only it’ll focus on sound quality, and, naturally, be powered by Apple’s Siri assistant. It’s that last bit that has some onlookers skeptical. Despite Apple’s head start in voice assistant tech, the common assumption is that Siri isn’t as knowledgeable as its rivals from Seattle and Mountain View. And as this chart from Statista shows, those skeptics might be onto something. A recent study by digital marketing agency Stone Temple asked the major voice assistants 5,000 general knowledge questions (the most common use case for smart assistants). It found Google Assistant to be the clear leader, with Microsoft’s Cortana a bit behind. Siri, meanwhile, was well off the pace, directly answering just 22% of questions correctly. This certainly isn’t a good thing for something that may be the interface for a whole device, but keep in mind Amazon’s Alexa managed to answer even fewer questions directly. Siri has some catching up to do, for sure, but given that Google itself still couldn’t answer 32% of the questions directly — and couldn’t answer 10% of those in a complete way — it’s worth a reminder that there’s still a long way to go for everyone in the voice assistant race. Mike Nudelman/Business Insider/Statista Join the conversation about this story » NOW WATCH: Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look See Also: The Amazon Echo got 2 incredibly useful features thanks to a new update Apple and Google’s smartphone duopoly has no end in sight People mainly use smart speakers for simple requests SEE ALSO: Apple and Google’s smartphone duopoly has no end in sight Top Stories Cat population multiplying fast in urban areas TX firefighters stand for fallen co-worker's son Mugshot: Felon flees BPD officers FDA: Tuna sold to local eatery could be tainted Community seeks answers, closure following principal's death SO: Drugs, guns and $13K seized from Nederland apartment BPD: Can you ID men that robbed clerk at gunpoint? Tyler Co. Sheriff: Burning body is homicide case Liberty Co. man charged after baby on bike FB pic Local News Cat population multiplying fast in urban areas Which SETX cities have the most DUI wrecks? FDA: Tuna sold to local eatery could be tainted Mugshot: Felon flees BPD officers Photos: 2017 SE Texas valedictorians, salutatorians Community seeks answers, closure following principal's death Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web What Google’s new payments functionality really means for banks By Daniel Döderlein Feature  As the mobile payments market continues to grow, Google and Apple will become a bank's biggest competitors. Shares A couple of weeks ago, Google announced its new payments functionality. The new functionality allows anyone using Google’s API (online stores, for example) to give their customers the ability to pay using any of their cards they currently have stored in their Google accounts.  The mobile payments market is predicted to grow to USD 17.56 billion by 2021. Currently, Apple Pay users are thought to outnumber Android Pay users. It should come as no real surprise, then, that Google would want to take a stake in this multi-billion dollar market.  At the moment, most traditional banks around the world haven’t really got it sorted when it comes to mobile payments. Sure, they and the big card companies - the likes of Visa and Mastercard - might be working with Apple, Samsung and Google to facilitate access to their customers cards for contactless purposes. But this is just a partnership and is in no way allowing them to own the mobile payments solution or indeed, to monetise it.     Google, like many others, can see that at the moment, banks aren’t properly monetising mobile payments. They also know these banks are under pressure to meet data-security and second payment services directive (PSD2) regulation requirements - in Europe, at least. With trust in traditional banks declining and challenger banks becoming more popular, it must seem to Google - and many other disruptors - that it’s surely the perfect time to sweep in.    This new development is Google starting the process of making mobile payments easy to use and valuable for the masses. That is, everyone... the everyday consumer as well as online and offline merchants wanting a way to more simply (and more cheaply) take payments.  Google has millions of users. Millions of people already intimately familiar with the Google login process. Taking all these millions of users and allowing them to use the same login credentials to easily make payments isn’t a big leap. When Google is able to go to direct to account (the second payment services directive (PSD2) within Europe allows them to do this) it seems likely they will seek to autonomise this payments process - perhaps cutting out the cards companies and by association, the banks. As of January 2018, PSD2 regulation will allow bank API access to companies who have been granted an e-money license.  There is a huge - almost global - market ripe for disruption in the mobile payments space. The exception are places like Scandinavia. Banks in Scandinavia have created and monetised mobile payment solutions which facilitate all types of payments for every person - individuals and businesses. This means that the likes of Apple Pay, Android Pay and Samsung Pay haven’t yet been able to gain traction in the Nordics.  Right now, whilst banks in the rest of the world don’t yet have the same protection in place with their own robust mobile payment solutions, they do have a time advantage. They also have direct access to the customer. Combine this with experience and the ability - whether they realise it or not - to relatively quickly put in place a future-proof system prior to regulations, such as those outlined in PSD2, coming into effect.    Basically, until PSD2 comes into effect, all that third-parties like Apple Pay, Facebook - or indeed Google - can do is create a payment experience that works relatively similarly to what’s currently on offer. Until they can create innovative new experiences - and what is starting to happen is a hint of what is to come - customers are starting to losing interest.    Banks effectively have a choice to make now. Knowing they have a head start they could, like Nordic banks have done, invest heavily in delivering and monetising innovative mobile payment solutions that their customers want to use. If developed, delivered and marketed before their competition, who are no longer just other banks, gain traction and accounts are opened up - they are in a great position to retain relevance. Not only could they gain renewed relevance but alongside this, grow their customer base and their bottom line.    The alternatives include partnering with other banks to create a combined offering, strengthening partnerships with the card companies and hoping they will create a solution favourable to their existing relationship or… doing nothing and hoping for the best.    A recent EY survey recommended banks overhaul their consumer relationships strategy. Another report from PwC, Catalyst or Threat, concluded that European consumers were already au fait with digital payments, including mobile. This report also made reference to the fact that banking customers wanted to be able to use innovative third-party financial solutions. A bank could take from this: unless we do something - fast - our customers will leave.    Deals between banks and fintechs or big tech companies don’t ensure continued relevancy. Nor does the addition of simple technology - such as near-field communication, tap and go, contactless - without a bigger strategy around value-add for the customer and for the bank.  Many banks are still fixated on card payments. But in certain areas - like in China and the Nordics - app based mobile payments continue to quickly grow. This is because these solutions consider all payment situations. They make it easy to build eco-systems, receive payments and solve common issues. This fixation and the launching of variations of a technology which hasn’t fundamentally changed in decades - guarantees a huge amount of wasted money. Wasted money which could be 100 per cent better spent on providing customers with game-changing payment innovations.    Companies like Facebook and Google are now a bank’s biggest competitors and this will only intensify in the future. Banks can secure their position by simply becoming... a better bank. By listening to what customers want, developing fun and easy to use technology and knowing how to then monetise the resulting payment solutions is a sure-fire way to stay relevant - and profitable. So, my advice to banks is this: launch a system that your customers - and everyone in your market - actually needs and wants. Make it easy for individuals and business owners to pay and get paid - in any situation. Stop restricting, start facilitating.  Daniel Döderlein, CEO and founder of Auka Image Credit: Bloomicon / Shutterstock  Topics Security Cloud enterprise mobile payment Android Pay apple pay contactless payment GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from ITProPortal to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 How to turn off 'OK Google' voice search 3 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 4 A guide to deleting your accounts from any website: From Amazon to Facebook 5 The ‘open banking revolution’ and the tech underpinning banks’ digital transformation 1 Making decisions with data – the role for machine learning in analytics 2 Six in ten companies still don’t know who has access to their critical data 3 What is the future of the IBM mainframe? 4 Data scientists have the potential to help save the world 5 Six trends that will make business more intelligent in 2017 ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging | Main | In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s » June 02, 2017 The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze   During the Google I/O developer conference we learned how they plan to advance the Google Assistant to work better at making transactions than Siri, introduced "proactive assistance" and made the Google Home device better for entertainment and working with your TV. They also introduced "Google Lens" which is bound to be a huge hit. The feature is set to kick-start Augmented Reality on the Pixel and other Android phones. A user could take a photo and with one click get information about it. You could be in Chicago taking a photo of the tallest building and in one click you'll see 'Willis Tower' labeled on your photo. Or you could be in a museum taking a photo of a favorite work and in one click it'll reveal the artist and other relevant information. This is what many are hoping that Apple will introduce at their WWDC event next week. Apple was granted a patent for exactly this task in January. This technology also extends to indoor location services.   Another cool Google Lens feature will allow you to take a photo of a poster of an upcoming event and in one click you could have access to Ticketmaster and details of the upcoming event. This might be something coming to the iPhone 8 and tied to Siri.   It's been reported on several times that Apple's intelligent speaker device to compete with devices from Amazon, Google, Microsoft and others is already in production with Inventec. So this is going to likely be one of the highlights at the WWDC event – or so we hope.   There's no doubt that the tech sector is obsessed with new trend and even startup Essential Products will enter this market this summer with their own digital assistant. Apple is definitely late to the table. Danielle Levitas of app researcher App Annie noted in a new Financial Times report that "In this case, it behoves Apple to be late as it allows it to learn from other companies' mis-steps in what is still a nascent field. It's too important for them to screw up. But if you do it late, you'd better be better."   With Apple's device reportedly due to arrive in the market this fall, it'll be 'show time' for Apple to prove that they've done it better or it'll be seen as just another me-too product or worse, a copycat.   Ben Bajarin, analyst at Silicon Valley researcher Creative Strategies told the Financial Times that for ""Right now, the perception is that Siri is the least good out of those out there, from Alexa to Google. They need to make sure people have the experience they expect from Apple with Siri or they run the risk of losing those consumers' trust."   In respect to a 'Google Lens' equivalent for the iPhone, Bajarin noted that "Adding new senses is of little value, though, if the iPhone's brain does not improve too. Mr Bajarin expects the next version of the phone's operating software to see fundamental changes. 'A heavy theme is going to be how the software is becoming more smart,' he says. 'It's a learning operating system that knows about you specifically. I expect a high level of personalization and customization, as it starts to become more proactively intelligent.' Of course Bajarin was using lingo from Google's I/O regarding Google Home with Google Assistant as noted in the Google I/O slide noted below.   The Financial Times last noted that "So far, Apple has limited third-party access to Siri to a handful of app categories, including communications (Facebook and Skype), ride-hailing services (Uber, Lyft and Didi), payments (PayPal and Square), tracking workouts and photo searches. Siri can also be used to control some smart-home devices such as lightbulbs and thermostats using Apple's HomeKit platform. Mr Cook says he tells Siri to turn on his lights and make the coffee every morning. Now that Apple and its developers have all had a chance to learn from that test group, many expect Siri will be opened up to a broader range of apps — not least to create more reasons for consumers to buy that "Siri speaker", which is expected to go on sale later in the year.   The WWDC keynote is only three days away and yet it'll seem like weeks for Apple fans who impatiently await the delivery of a very important keynote that will have us all hoping this segment of the market will be seriously addressed, and better yet, give their competition something to worry about.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 02, 2017 at 07:23 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Apple invents a new Integrated Microphone and Vibration Sensor to Provide Superior Headset Noise Cancellation Apple Advances their work on a 3D Virtual Character Creation App for Gaming on iDevices, Apple TV & future Headset News of Inventec Winning the Contract for Apple's version of a Home Speaker Device with Siri Resurfaces Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Live Blog: Apple’s WWDC 2017 starts June 5 at 1PM ET/10AM PT Join us as we look at the latest refreshes to Apple's slew of operating systems. Ron Amadeo - Jun 2, 2017 2:00 pm UTC Enlarge reader comments 23 Share this story It's June, and that means Apple's WorldWide Developers Conference is right around the corner. This year, the show kicks off Monday, June 5th at 1pm ET/10am PT/6pm UK with Tim Cook's keynote. We'll be there live from the keynote bringing you the latest news from Apple's annual developer event. Further ReadingApple’s Siri-controlled smart speaker could be revealed at WWDC next weekAs usual, we expect to see updates to iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS, and also as usual, Apple has kept a tight lid on what exactly these updates will contain. There has been one reliable tidbit out there, though: Bloomberg reports that Apple plans to show off an "updated user-interface" for iPhones and iPads at WWDC. Another report claims Apple is working on a "Siri Speaker" that would compete with the likes of Amazon Echo and Google Home. In addition to pumping out jams (preferably from Apple Music) the system would reportedly serve as a hub for Apple's HomeKit smart home ecosystem. The report says Apple "could debut the speaker as soon as" WWDC, with a launch later this year. We also might see some updates to Apple's laptop lineup. Be sure to check back Monday for all the festivities—we'll see you then! Liveblog starts in: View Liveblog Ron Amadeo Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work. Email ron.amadeo@arstechnica.com // Twitter @RonAmadeo reader comments 23 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYTech The 15 best iPhone hidden features you never knew existed Lucy Yang, Business Insider Friday 2 June 2017 15:15 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech The iPhone has a treasure trove of useful features that can actually save you time. So many in fact, that even the most seasoned iPhone users may not know all of its tricks.   That's why it's always important to keep your iPhone updated: Not only will you protect yourself against cyberattacks, you'll also be able to access the latest features available.   To help you get the most out of your iPhone, INSIDER rounded up 15 of the best tips and hidden features that'll make your life better in 2017. But before you check them out, make sure you're running iOS 10.3 or later on your iPhone. Get hourly weather updates without ever opening the Weather app. This was hands down one of the most useful features that iOS 10.3 introduced. To use it, open Apple's Maps app, search for a location, and firmly press and hold the weather icon in the lower right corner.   Customise the flashlight's brightness level. Fall asleep listening to music with a custom timer that stops all media on your phone when it ends. The new iPhone 7 and a pair of AirPods (Getty) Open Apple's Clock app, and tap "Timer" on the bottom right to access this feature. This trick was a major game-changer for me when I first found out about it. I use it all the time to fall asleep while listening to meditation videos on YouTube, ocean sounds on Spotify, podcasts, and more.    Create custom vibration alerts for calls, texts, tweets, calendar reminders, alarms, and more. (Getty) By setting up custom vibration alerts, you can easily tell what type of notification you're getting without picking up your phone. Just go to Settings > Sounds, and choose an alert for which you want to create a custom vibration — for example, "Text Tone" or "New Mail." Then, tap "Vibration" and under "Custom," tap "Create New Vibration."  Tap and hold to create a pulse, and lift your finger to enter a pause between pulses. Tap "Stop" when you're done, and make sure to "Save" your custom vibration.   Like Ctrl+Z or Command+Z for your iPhone, shake your phone to undo typing This feature is especially useful if you accidentally delete long paragraphs of text. You can turn this feature on and off by going to General > Accessibility, and tap the toggle next to "Shake to Undo."   See and edit drafts across all your different email accounts with the tap of a button. Don't waste time checking the draft folder for each of your email accounts. Instead, tap and hold the "New Message" icon in the bottom right of Apple's Mail app, and you'll see every draft you have saved. Instantly choose a camera mode, even when your phone is locked.   Respond to calls with a quick, custom text message. (Getty Images/iStockphoto) Before I knew about this trick, I used to take the time to decline a call, unlock my phone, open my iMessages, and text the person who called me. I can do the same thing now with just two taps. Go to Settings > Phone and tap "Respond with Text." Here, you'll be able to create up to three custom text responses that you can use whenever you're unavailable to take a call.   Easily and quickly type symbols and letters. This trick makes typing symbols much more convenient. For example, to type a backslash, tap and hold the forward slash symbol instead of tapping the "123" button and then tapping the "#+=" button to get to the backslash button. Type symbols and numbers without switching between keyboards. Don't waste time tapping the "123" button, tapping a symbol, and then tapping the "ABC" button again. Use this trick instead.   To save even more time while typing, double tap the space bar to add a full stop (a fullstop plus a space). Instead of tapping the "123" button while typing to enter a period, double tap the space bar to insert a full stop. To turn this feature on and off, go to Settings > General > Keyboard and tap the toggle next to "." Shortcut.   Replace your 4-digit passcode with a more secure Alphanumeric code. pp-iphone-password-rf-istock.jpg, by Adam Williamson Go to Settings > Touch ID & Passcode and tap either "Change Passcode" or "Turn Passcode On." Then, tap "Passcode Options" and choose "Custom Alphanumeric Code." To make your passcode even more secure, you can add symbols from the keyboard instead of just letters and numbers.   Customise text replacements for your keyboard to insert common phrases, symbols, or emojis more quickly. (Emojipedia) To see and edit your list of keyboard shortcuts, go to Settings > General > Keyboard and tap "Text Replacement." Next time you're building or fixing something, use Apple's Compass app as a handy level.   See a location on the map without opening Apple's Maps app.   Instead of opening Google Maps or Apple's Maps app and manually typing in an address someone sends you, use this trick to save time. Tap and hold the address in your iMessage to see a menu of options. Or, press firmly to see the address on Apple's Maps app, and swipe up on the screen for menu options.   • I've studied happiness for years — here are the 12 best pieces of advice I'm giving my daughter • Everything you need to know about Gal Gadot, the badass actress who stars in 'Wonder Woman' • These are the 9 highest-paid Victoria's Secret models Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2015. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter. More about: Iphone gadgets Apple Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Guide Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Here's what to expect from Apple’s big event next week iOS 11 and macOS are pretty much certainly going to appear. We may also see refreshes to the MacBook, MacBook Pro, a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro and more. Apple's also said to unveil a new Siri-powered smart speaker. Todd Haselton | @robotodd 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Here's what to expect from Apple's big event next week    13 Hours Ago | 01:15 Apple's going to have a lot of big news to share next week. The company's developer conference, known as WWDC, kicks off with a keynote on Monday at 10 a.m. PST, when we expect Apple to discuss new hardware and software. This is the time of year when Apple typically unveils new software that will power its upcoming Macs, iPhones and iPads — but we may also get a taste of new products we've never seen before. iOS 11 and macOS Todd Haselton | CNBC CNBC: iPhone-clean It's almost a certain that Apple will reveal its new iOS 11 operating system ahead of its new iPhone launch later this fall. The tech giant typically unveils the fresh version of iOS during WWDC and then runs it through developer testing to around September when it pushes it out for everyone to use. Little is known about what Apple will include in iOS 11, but we're hoping to see improvements to Siri, which has started to lag behind competitors like Google Assistant and even Amazon Alexa. Apple will also likely unveil the next version of macOS. The current version, macOS Sierra, was introduced last year when Apple officially departed from the "OS X" moniker for its operating system. Again, like iOS 11, we're not quite sure what to expect in terms of new features just yet. I hope to at least see Siri play an even deeper role in the desktop operating system, too, with more new controls that could make it easier to manage your Mac with voice. Those two, the iOS and macOS updates, are the safest bets. Now let's talk a bit about hardware, which may or may not happen. MacBook and MacBook Pro refreshes Stephen Lam | Getty Images An Apple employee points to the Touch Bar on a new Apple MacBook Pro laptop Apple's MacBooks are overdue for a refresh to Intel's latest seventh-generation processors, which are already in machines from PC makers. We should see Apple update the MacBook Pro, the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and the thin-and-light MacBook with the new chips, Bloomberg said earlier this month. We might even see the MacBook Air updated with the new chips, though that computer is showing its age with an old display and ports that aren't as fast as newer ones. Apple may just kill it off entirely. Also, Apple's iMac and Mac Pro desktop computers are desperately in need of a refresh. Apple has said it'll refresh the Mac Pro, but I don't think we'll see it next week. New 10.5-inch iPad Pro and refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro Todd Haselton | CNBC Supply chain reports have long suggested Apple is working to build a 10.5-inch iPad Pro that would replace the existing 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It's the first time Apple has ever launched a 10.5-inch iPad Pro, so we'll be curious to hear what the company's argument is for boosting the size. Apple is also expected to announce a new 12.9-inch iPad Pro, replacing last year's model. Expect more powerful graphics, faster processors and maybe even redesigns where the screen takes up more space on the front of the iPad. I wouldn't be surprised if Apple talked about the Apple Pencil, too, perhaps with a refresh to a newer model. A Siri smart speaker Todd Haselton | CNBC The big news could be Apple's entrance into the smart home assistant market. Bloomberg said earlier this week that Apple may unveil a new smart home speaker that's powered by Siri and will compete with Google Home and Amazon Alexa. The speaker will reportedly offer surround-sound effects and better audio than the Echo or Home, which suggests it may also be more expensive. Part of me is hoping it'll sound as good as a Sonos Play:1 speaker. Unlike Google and Amazon, however, Siri doesn't really allow for ordering of goods or support for playing tunes through third-party music applications like Spotify. I'm curious to see how Apple will position this if it's locked down to the Apple ecosystem of products, like Apple Music. tvOS, webOS, watchOS, HomeKit and HealthKit Apple Given the software focus of a developer conference, Apple may dive into a variety of other topics including its smart home platform HomeKit, its health platform HealthKit, tvOS for the Apple TV, watchOS for the Apple Watch and maybe a bit on Apple CarPlay. Speaking of the Apple TV, Apple has been reportedly trying to establish streaming TV deals for a while now, but I'd be surprised if anything came to fruition next week. Finally, my guess is we'll hear a bit more about original content, like Apple's first shows "Carpool Karaoke" and "Planet of the Apps." No iPhones Regis Duvignau | Reuters Finally, if you're hoping for new iPhones, you'll need to wait a few more months. Apple will probably stick to its regular schedule of launching new iPhones in September. WATCH: CNBC puts the first-generation iPhone to the test show chapters CNBC puts the first-generation iPhone to the test    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 8:09 PM ET | 01:35 Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs June 2, 2017 The High Cost of Gadgetry by Louis Proyect by Tweet Email Still from “Death by Design.” Two new documentaries will make you look differently at your electronic gadgets, especially the cool iPhone or other products from Apple whose logo might be changed to a skull-and-crossbones after seeing “Death by Design” and “Complicit”. They examine the damage done to both the workers who produce them and the environment, especially in China, as well as raise important questions about the meaning of “progress”. If being able to use an iPhone to pay for your Starbucks coffee comes at the expense of a leukemia epidemic for Foxconn workers and making 60 percent of China’s groundwater unsuitable for drinking, then the whole question of progress has to be thought through. “Death by Design” is now available on VOD and distributed by Bullfrog Films, America’s leading distributor of politically relevant films. Directed by veteran PBS Frontline filmmaker Sue Williams, it reviews the environmental impact of computers and other products that fall within the rubric of the Information Age. When you think of the impact of toxic waste on drinking water, the first thing that comes to mind is fracking. After seeing “Death by Design”, you will learn that manufacturing circuit boards, a process we associate with workers in white suits operating in sterile, laboratory-like environments, is just as much of a threat to our health. Although 90 percent of manufacturing takes place in far-off China nowadays, it arose first in IBM’s upstate New York headquarters and then Silicon Valley. This is where high-technology cancer clusters and other serious illnesses first cropped up. Endicott, N.Y. was the birthplace of IBM. For most of the time when mainframes were being built there, the corporation used to dump industrial solvents used for cleaning hardware into local drains. The solvents seeped from leaky pipes into the ground with disastrous consequences for people living above. As happens so frequently with cancer clusters, the corporation denies responsibility since finding a smoking gun is almost impossible given medical science’s inability now and in the future to determine the exact sequence of events that lead to a mutant cell. IBM eventually took responsibility for the cleanup and compensation to the victims but only after the damage had already been done. Endicott was a blue-collar town that became impoverished after IBM moved production to Armonk. Is there any place we’d associate less with blue collars than Silicon Valley? “Death by Design” reveals that the men and women who live in $2 million homes were not spared as well. Until it became the software capital of the USA, Silicon Valley produced hardware just like Endicott and with the same disastrous results. In the 1980s, most desktop computers were being produced there except for Dell. Like IBM in Endicott, the manufacturers left behind a gigantic plume of carcinogenic chemicals. And just like in Endicott, IBM brought along its bad profit-maximizing habits to San Jose where Big Blue and Fairchild Electronics constituted the largest companies in the area. They built storage tanks for their waste products but as tends to happen with powerful solvents, they broke through the walls of the containers and leaked into the groundwater. In Silicon Valley, residents blamed the giants for an epidemic of birth defects but as is the case with cancer, determining an exact cause-and-effect is difficult to prove especially when you are dealing with companies that have a battery of high-powered lawyers with Harvard degrees. Marxist economist David Harvey was responsible for a major theoretical breakthrough that helps us understand how capitalism has such a knack for survival. When contradictions begin to mount in a country like the USA, where people feel entitled to clean air and water, the system can displace its ills geographically especially to places like China that has turned into the toxic waste capital of the world. “Death by Design” introduces us to a nation that has made a devil’s bargain with its population. In exchange for a rising standard of living, it asks its wage slaves to endure the same carcinogens that the people of Endicott and Silicon Valley would not put up with. But unlike the American toxic sites, the Chinese suffer double jeopardy. Not only do they have to put up with solvents leeching into their rivers and lakes, they suffer deadly air pollution that is the result of the unregulated elimination of the smart phones, tablets and laptops that you replace so frequently as the consequence of planned obsolescence. Apple is particularly cagey about the way it forces “great” new versions of the iPhone on you. It uses non-standard screws on the casing so unless you have a special screwdriver, you are practically forced to buy a new model, which Apple deviously designed to have a life-span about the same as the battery. China is now the “e-waste” capital of the world. While some of the discarded electronics sent to China is recycled, much of it goes up in smoke. Since this is China, there are no regulations about incineration procedures. The film shows men and women tossing circuit boards into a bonfire without any regard to what the ashes might do to them or people living nearby—or for that matter the rest of the planet Earth. Since the metals, including lead, that go into an electronic device cannot be destroyed (they are elements, after all), all you can do is transform them into tiny air-born particulates that can not only seep into China’s waters but ascend into the sky and travel across the Pacific floating in a cloud. The film shows a California biologist in a plane filled with electronic instruments that can determine the make-up of a cumulus cloud. She tells us that the clouds amount to fluffy, picturesque bundles of carcinogens. To some extent, my interest in cancer has much to do with working as a database administrator at Memorial Sloan-Kettering in the mid-1980s. Seeing 5-year old kids walking around with a chemotherapy bottle attached to their arm really has a way of concentrating your mind. In the half-dozen or so books I have read about the science of cancer over the years, I was left with the conclusion that making a direct connection between the environment and the disease is not easy. That is why, for example, it took over a decade for the court case against IBM in Endicott to be decided in favor of the victims. However, it is much easier to connect the dots when it comes to on-the-job casualties. The most obvious cases are the young chimney sweeps in London who came down with testicular cancer in the Victorian era or the mostly women workers who got cancer after applying radium to luminous watch dials in the early 20th century. It is also an open-and-shut case when it comes to the Chinese workers at Foxconn and other subcontractors to Apple who came down with leukemia after using solvents such as benzene and n-hexane to clean the glass covers of iPhones. “Complicit”, which will be seen on June 12th and June 17th as part of the annual Human Rights Festival in New York (details are here), is focused on these victims that after contracting leukemia decided to become activists determined to make Foxconn, Apple and other multinationals pay for their abuses and change the way they produce the consumer goods that are so seductive to consumers worldwide. Since wages constitute about one percent of an iPhone’s cost, you’d think that this would be no big deal—that is until you run into someone like Terry Gou, the CEO of Foxconn. With ample support from the ruling Communist Party, Gou denounces protesters gathered in front of his plant, including those who have been enduring lengthy stays in the hospital for leukemia treatments, relying on the cops to spirit away the riffraff. Most of the workers who end up working at Foxconn and other high-technology subcontractors are migrant workers from China’s impoverished farmlands. While they were willing to work at a breakneck pace up to seven days a week for minimal wages (to the point that some were driven to suicide), they had not bargained on coming down with leukemia when they were only in their early 20s. Benzene had long ago been banned in American factories but that did not get in Terry Gou’s way. To make a case against him, labor activists began to subpoena medical records from the plant, photograph chemical storage in the plants, and use picket lines to put pressure on the company. The labor activists profiled in “Complicit” had no idea what risks they were taking when they were trained to use an unnamed solvent to clean a product. Long Li, the 18-year-old daughter of peasant farmers from Guizhou who was disfigured from a kerosene lamp accident when very young, was excited when she first came to Guangdong province, where most of China’s electronic goods are made. The tall buildings, the sense of independence, and the money she earned at work that could help keep her parents fed and clothed, made her feel elated. She was told by her boss to dip her rubber-gloved right index finger into a solvent and then rub each cell phone screen for 10 to 20 seconds on the assembly line. She was issued a paper mask, but rarely used it because they were too hot. Long worked from 8 am until 11 pm, and as late as 4 am in the busy season. Unlike those exposed to benzene, Long Li worked with n-hexane that produced neurological damage rather than leukemia. While it might not have killed her, it disabled her and made it impossible for her to continue working to help out her parents. At some point, she became an activist working with Yi Yeting, a former Foxconn employee who despite being ill with leukemia devoted every hour to exposing China’s cruel, profit-driven manufacturers. Yi was 24 when he went to work for Foxconn and like Long Li came from a poverty-stricken rural village. Despite the tendency of leukemia to rob people of their energy, Yi became a tireless defender of workers’ rights. All of the subjects in “Complicit” and their families are the people who the Chinese revolution was made for. Like the peasants who sacrificed their lives fighting to liberate China from the KMT and the landlords they served, they are now on the front lines of a new battle to transform China into the world’s leading capitalist power. For some on the left, the emergence of the BRICS and China’s ability to confront Western hegemony has been viewed as a major anti-imperialist advance. Furthermore, Xi Jinping has received accolades for supposedly returning to Maoist principles. For example, Workers World Party leader Fred Goldstein wrote an article titled “Behind Xi Jinping’s call for a return to Marxism” that took note of a trip Xi made to Guangdong Province not long after becoming the head of state. There he spoke to fellow Communists about the dangers of a Gorbachev-type development in China. Goldstein reported that “He spoke in dire terms about how the Communist Party of the Soviet Union was overthrown and socialism completely destroyed. The long-term fate of the party is undoubtedly a deep concern of Xi and his collaborators.” Xi’s visit to Guangdong province is highly symbolic. This is the center of Chinese manufacturing that took off after Deng Xiaoping’s “liberalization” of the Chinese economy. For Goldstein and others who think like him, China has a dual character. It is both capitalist and socialist, perhaps bearing similarities to the NEP in the Soviet Union. Wasn’t it possible that the opening up of Guangdong to foreign investment was necessary for China to accumulate the capital that would allow for domestic development? But Goldstein worries that unlike the Soviet Union, China has gone far too long putting up with a capitalist sector. He doubts that Xi is capable of resolving the contradiction in favor of socialism but at least credits him with putting the brakes on the worst elements of the capitalist sector who are likely the sort that allowed benzene and n-hexane to be used in their factories—at least one hopes so. There is an assumption underlying the thinking of people like Fred Goldstein that must be addressed. Is socialism only about providing the necessities of life? Under Mao Zedong, there was an “iron rice bowl” that referred to a guaranteed lifetime job and benefits. Much of that has been whittled away during the post-Mao period but it is still worth asking if that was what Karl Marx had in mind when he wrote about the need for socialism. When I began working as a programmer at Met Life in 1968, they used to call the insurance company “Ma Met”. Like “Ma Bell”, it was a place that provided lifetime job security and great benefits. Lunch was free and the health plan would not be regarded as a “Cadillac” plan today. It would be seen as a “Rolls Royce” plan. My first manager once told me that as long as I didn’t keep a bottle of whiskey in my desk, I’d never have to worry about losing my job. Indeed, after the FBI sent an anonymous postcard to my workplace naming me as a commie, the top boss of my division called me into his office to tell me that if I ever got such a postcard in the future, he’d make sure that the person who sent it would be fired. If he only knew that J. Edgar Hoover authorized the postcard as part of Cointelpro, he might not have made such a promise since Hoover’s job security was even greater than mine. Was this socialism? This is not such a far-fetched question since so much of the left today believes that electing Bernie Sanders would have moved us closer to “socialism”, which really boiled down to turning back the clock to the 1950s when American industry was still operating within a New Deal context. I have a rather old-fashioned, if not quaint, idea of what socialism amounts to. It is a system that not only abolishes private property; it also prevents bureaucrats from exercising power over our daily lives. Unless you have the right to speak your mind and fight for your beliefs without fear of being sent to jail like the worker-activists suffering from leukemia in “Complicit”, then find some other word to describe the system. Despite being accused of having helped to turn Marxism into a secular religion, I continue to regard Frederick Engels as second to none—including Marx—in articulating the total freedom possible under a classless society. For Engels, the provision of food, housing and medical care is not the same thing as socialism. Instead, as he pointed out in Socialism: Utopian and Scientific, it is the total transformation of society that will allow us to enjoy true freedom for the first time in human history: The socialized appropriation of the means of production does away, not only with the present artificial restrictions upon production, but also with the positive waste and devastation of productive forces and products that are at the present time the inevitable concomitants of production, and that reach their height in the crises. Further, it sets free for the community at large a mass of means of production and of products, by doing away with the senseless extravagance of the ruling classes of today, and their political representatives. The possibility of securing for every member of society, by means of socialized production, an existence not only fully sufficient materially, and becoming day-by-day more full, but an existence guaranteeing to all the free development and exercise of their physical and mental faculties — this possibility is now, for the first time, here, but it is here. Join the debate on Facebook Louis Proyect blogs at http://louisproyect.org and is the moderator of the Marxism mailing list. In his spare time, he reviews films for CounterPunch. More articles by:Louis Proyect next - Ridley Scott’s Horrific Depiction of Fascism in “Alien: Covenant”, previous - Beheadings: Big Friggin’ Deal, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year Weekend Edition June 02, 2017 Friday - Sunday Paul Street Obama: a Hollow Man Filled With Ruling Class Ideas Michael Hudson Are Students a Class? Jeffrey St. Clair Infamy at Sea: Israel’s Attack on the USS Liberty 50 Years Later Andrew Levine Does It Matter How Trump Goes Or Even That He Does? Fawzia Afzal-Khan Eyewitness in the (un)Holy Land John Wight UK Elections: Tory Cynicism vs. Corbyn’s Common Decency Mike Whitney Trump, Brennan and the Intel Community’s Iron Wall of Secrecy Carol Dansereau Beyond Democrat Dead-ends: What Real Climate Action Looks Like Russell Mokhiber How Kuwait Lobbied Hillary Clinton to Nix Criminal Probe of Defense Contractor David Rosen What’s Going on in New York? Pepe Escobar Jihad 2.0: the Making of the Next Nightmare Ralph Nader End the Greedy Silence – Enough Already Matthew Stevenson As the Trump World Turns Chandra Muzaffar Trump, Israel and Saudi Arabia – Targeting Iran Dave Lindorff Left Forum Bans Four Panels Under Zionist Pressure Terry Tempest Williams The Divine Ecstasy of Nature: the Writings of John Muir David Crisp Greg Gianforte Learns D.C.’s Bullying Ways Peter Bohmer In Solidarity with the Struggle for Racial Justice at the Evergreen State College James McEnteer Chained Together in Hell: Bush and Noriega Patrick Cockburn The Political Aftershocks of the Kabul Blast Andre Vltchek Indonesian Borneo is Finished: They Also Sell Orangutans into Sex Slavery Ron Jacobs United Under the Sign of the (Record) Groove Jacob G. Hornberger A Question for Every Parent: Is US Foreign Intervention Worth It? Paul Quintos The Eagle & the Dragon: Rising Militarism in Asia Pacific Laura Finley A Feminist Perspective on Trumpcare Rosemary Mason - Colin Todhunter Toxic Relations: Stop Colluding with Monsanto and the Agrochemical Industry! Joyce Nelson BC Politics & Kinder Morgan’s IPO Paddy O'Halloran Lessons on Political Culture and Consciousness From Struggles of the Global South Seth Sandronsky China’s Labor Upsurge Missy Comley Beattie Keysmash John W. Whitehead The Lessons of Sgt. Pepper’s 50 Years Later: Stop Fighting One Another and Focus on the Real Enemy Christopher Brauchli Voiceless Victims in Trump’s America Alycee Lane Climate Change Deniers Write a Federal Budget Max Mastellone Exposing the Parties and Pitching Solidarity George Wuerthner Of Cows and the River Flowing Julian Vigo Rebels Without a Cause:  the Assault on Academic Freedom JP Sottile The Big Pullout: Trump Yanks Out of Paris Ezra Kronfeld The Left’s Future: an Interview With Vermont Sen. Chris Pearson Nyla Ali Khan Separation of Political Institutions and Religious Precepts Joseph Natoli Making Sense Beyond Opinion Andrew Stewart Ridley Scott’s Horrific Depiction of Fascism in “Alien: Covenant” Louis Proyect The High Cost of Gadgetry Billy Wilson Beheadings: Big Friggin’ Deal Charles R. Larson Review: Michel Stone’s “Border Child” David Yearsley The Winds of Bach CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple’s fight with Qualcomm could hurt the iPhone 8 Chris Mills BGR News June 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple has been locked in a bitter dispute with Qualcomm, a major chip manufacturer that has historically supplied the wireless modems for the iPhone. According to a new report, Apple’s legal dispute with Qualcomm is going to have an effect on iPhone 8 components, and Apple might have to substitute some Qualcomm chips with Intel components. Given the inferior quality of the Intel chips in last year’s iPhone 7, that’s not good news. Don't Miss: 10 best new movies and shows coming to Netflix in June According to a Digitimes report, Apple will shift supply of iPhone baseband modems away from Qualcomm and towards Intel, starting this year. The report says that 50% of the iPhone 8 modems could be supplied by Intel, with that number rising to 70% for the 2018 iPhone lineup. Intel’s modems have historically been cheaper but worse-performing than Qualcomm’s solution. A worse modem means less power efficiency but also a worse cell signal with lower speeds — all important things for Apple, especially considering new LTE technologies are being deployed this year, and wireless speed is set to take on a new level of importance. Qualcomm generally supplies the modem for every Android flagship worth talking about, and the iPhone’s reputation is all about reliability and speed. Apple could be forced to make a bad choice here: make an unpleasant legal settlement with Qualcomm, which would likely eat into Apple’s profit margins; or accept an inferior component in nearly half of its brand-new iPhone range. Apple’s dispute with Qualcomm is related to the licensing fees Qualcomm charges for its patents. Qualcomm’s intellectual property is used inside every single iPhone — which Apple acknowledges — but Apple contends that Qualcomm charges unreasonably high patent fees. Apple has sued Qualcomm over the issue in the past, and even instructed its manufacturing partners like Foxconn to stop royalty payments to Qualcomm. The chip manufacturer has countersued in the Southern District of California; if the case there fails, Qualcomm could even take the issue to the US International Trade Commission, and seek a ruling banning the import of iPhones into the US. Nothing’s yet indicated that Qualcomm is prepared to go that far. But the rumors about Apple shifting as much of supply as possible away from Qualcomm is telling. Apple’s bunkering down and preparing for a war with a vitally important component supplier; let’s just hope iPhone customers don’t get caught in the crossfire. Trending right now: Samsung’s about to launch a new version of the Galaxy S8 How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones This is how much the safe Galaxy Note 7 might cost you See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech T-Mobile slashes the iPhone 7 by $100, offers family plan for $35 per line Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Fireball malware could spark 'global catastrophe' after infecting 250 million computers International Business Times Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest BankThink To woo customers, banks must create emotional brands How this Ohio mutual is getting an edge in tech Slideshow 'The problem with people today': Comments of the week Slideshow How digital banking is changing customer behavior Women in Banking Congrats, Michelle Moore; Kathie Andrade's rock climb search goes here BankThink To woo customers, banks must create emotional brands By Charles Schembri Published June 02 2017, 9:30am EDT More in Customer data Digital banking Digital distribution Marketing Print Email Reprints Share Share on Bankers have no shortage of practical expertise to offer customers, but their failure to make an emotional connection with clients could be hurting their retention efforts. The motivational speaker Zig Ziglar said it best when he theorized that, “People don't buy for logical reasons. They buy for emotional reasons.” Numerous studies have backed up Ziglar’s hypothesis, finding that positive emotions about a brand build greater consumer loyalty than a consumer’s rational reasoning or a brand’s tangible attributes. This theory can be observed in practice by looking at some of the most popular commercial brands. Consumer powerhouses like Apple, Amazon and Nike have succeeded in eliciting specific emotions. According to Apple, 99% of customers love the iPhone. But consumers rarely feel such strong emotions for their financial institution. Bloomberg News Apple, one of the most recognizable brands in the world, speaks to customers’ yearning for a stylish lifestyle, imagination, innovation and power through technology. If you think about the iPod, for example, its practical outcome was not much different than a personal CD or tape player, but consumers wanted it because of its innovative technology and pleasing design. The iconic company builds upon this image to create strong relationships and a sense of community with consumers of all ages who are extremely loyal, and in most cases, purchase their technology just for the brand name. According to Apple, 99% of Apple customers love the iPhone — that’s impressive. Nike was able to tap into a similar tendency with athletic shoe brands such as the Air Jordan. Was it a better basketball shoe than that of competing brands? It didn’t matter. The marketing campaign led by commercials featuring Michael Jordan made a powerful connection: When a young baller received new Air Jordans, the feeling was electric. Amazon has been able to engage consumers in a similar way with well-designed products that elicit a sense of wonder, while the online shopping site’s quick delivery service taps into people’s yearning for instant gratification. Equally impressive (or unimpressive, rather) is that, in more than a decade of conducting consumer research, I have rarely encountered respondents that professed love for their financial institution. A checking account, CD or credit card just doesn’t have the same emotional effect. But it doesn’t have to be this way. Most consumers think of their banking relationship as purely transactional. Yet banks have an opportunity to change the dialogue and provide more value-added services and custom-tailored offerings to engender longer-term loyalty. These bespoke services will allow individuals to think of their bank as more of a partner and less as a place to park money. For younger consumers, banks must forge this relationship sooner rather than later or risk losing the client, since millennials have a higher rate of switching banks than other groups. Consumers’ lives are filled with significant events, which all tend to have financial ramifications. Some are momentous and others are mundane. Some are jubilant and others are less so. People are often hit with unpredictable and complicated situations. The life events with a financial connection range from weddings to unexpected health bills to a home’s heating system breaking down in winter, to many others. Connecting on an emotional level before, during, and after each of these events will allow banks to engage on a different level and create deeper connections with their customers who are dealing with sensitive matters. The financial decisions made during these critical events could have a significant impact on the financial lifestyle someone lives. Banks can help consumers prepare their financial plan in advance of life events that are not always predictable. This can mitigate consumers’ worry and stress. Influencing consumers’ emotional reaction in a positive way has the propensity to enhance relationship building and retention efforts. Not only in the midst of significant events, but also in everyday life, bankers can make greater attempts at inviting customers to have a deeper dialogue to learn what keeps them up at night. Bankers can also take their cue from the reason why a customer is seeking help from a financial institution to engage in a more personal back-and-forth. For example, a client comes into a branch or reaches out to a call center to open a joint account or change their last name. This is a cue to talk about the client’s wedding. A banker can then inform the customer about the array of products useful to married couples. This brief encounter can enable a more human connection, promote an emotional response, and deepen a new or existing relationship. Other cues include signs that indicate a home purchase, a death in the family (someone seeking to close the account for a parent or grandparent), or a serious medical issue. Frequent follow-ups with the customer following the initial interaction could also help establish a stronger emotional connection. Listening to customers more closely along their financial journey will be critical for moving forward if they want to build lasting brands. Having an emotional connection will strengthen the commitment on both sides and create stronger financial lives for consumers and stronger financial institutions. Article The mortgage search goes digital Search habits and online lenders are forcing loan officers to step up their digital game to compete. Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Mortgages May 19 Charles Schembri Charles Schembri is the head of Psyma International’s financial services practice in the U.S. More Articles Congrats, Michelle Moore; Kathie Andrade's rock climb Community banking’s future is in offering advice, not products Actress Jessica Alba takes on the role of brand builder BankThink submission guidelines Want to contribute to BankThink, American Banker's platform for informed opinion about the ideas, trends and events reshaping financial services? View our detailed submission criteria and instructions. Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About WWDC 2017 preview: Everything Apple is expected to announce on Monday News Image Source: Jose Sanchez/AP/REX/Shutterstock Tim Cook blasts Trump’s withdrawal from Paris climate deal, vows to ‘never waver’ Chris Smith @chris_writes June 2nd, 2017 at 6:50 AM Share Tweet Apple will continue to protect the environment and fight climate change in spite of Trump’s decision to withdraw the US from the Paris accord. Tim Cook said as much on Thursday in a tweet and company-wide memo after Trump made the withdrawal official. Don't Miss: Aerospace exec says aliens not only exist, they’re living on Earth right now The United States is now in a select company of countries who do not support the Paris accord. Nicaragua and Syria are the only two countries that did not ratify it. One of them pledged to fight climate change on its own and did not sign the agreement because it’s not punishing countries who do not play by the rules, while the other is still in a state of Civil War. Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 “Decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement was wrong for our planet,” Cook said in a tweet. “Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver.” He then followed up with an email to Apple employees in which he explained that he tried to convince Trump on Tuesday to keep the US in the agreement, “but it wasn’t enough.” Cook also said in the email that Apple will not stop fighting climate change regardless of Trump’s decision. “Climate change is real, and we all share a responsibility to fight it,” Cook wrote. “I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment. We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that’s good for our planet and makes good business sense as well.” Apple is hardly the only tech company strongly opposing Trump on this particular matter. Facebook, Google, Intel, Microsoft, Salesforce and Tesla are just a few of them. Cook’s full memo follows below, as obtained by BuzzFeed. Team, I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U.S. in the agreement. But it wasn’t enough. Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment. We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy, which we believe is an example of something that’s good for our planet and makes good business sense as well. We will keep working toward the ambitious goals of a closed-loop supply chain, and to eventually stop mining new materials altogether. Of course, we’re going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy. And we will keep challenging ourselves to do even more. Knowing the good work that we and countless others around the world are doing, there are plenty of reasons to be optimistic about our planet’s future. Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us. Your work is as important today as it has ever been. Thank you for your commitment to making a difference every single day. Tim Tags: Apple, Climate Change, Donald Trump, Tim Cook View Comments Trending 1 Tech Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display 2 Tech The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought 3 Entertainment AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers 4 Tech The OnePlus 5’s signature feature might have just been confirmed 5 Tech Verizon introduces cheaper prepaid plans with higher data caps Picked For You This is how much the safe Galaxy Note 7 might cost you By Chris Smith 2 days ago It’ll be a long time until the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot are priced this low again By Maren Estrada 19 hours ago Amazon’s 15 best deals: Four different Bose wireless speakers, best-selling drone, Beats Solo3, more By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About WWDC 2017 preview: Everything Apple is expected to announce on Monday Accessories It’ll be a long time until the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot are priced this low again Maren Estrada June 2nd, 2017 at 8:20 AM Share Tweet When Apple decides to copy something, you KNOW it’s a hot product. Such is the case with the Amazon Echo, a class-defining smart speaker that Apple reportedly plans to rip off next week when it unveils a new Siri-enabled smart speaker during WWDC 2017. The main problem with the idea of a Siri speaker is Siri, to put it bluntly. We won’t know anything for certain until next week, but the wiser move is like to go with Amazon’s tried and true Alexa speakers over anything powered by Siri. If you want an Alexa speaker but you also want the best possible deal, you have two options. The first is to wait until November and see what Amazon has in store for Black Friday. The second is to snag a refurbished Amazon Echo or Echo Dot right now. They’re guaranteed, they’re warrantied, and they’re on sale at the lowest prices we’ve seen. Certified Refurbished Amazon Echo A Certified Refurbished Amazon Echo is refurbished, tested, and certified to look and work like new Plays all your music from Amazon Music, Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, TuneIn, and more using just your voice Introducing Alexa calling and messaging, a new way to be together with family and friends. Just ask Alexa to call or message anyone with an Echo, Echo Dot, or the Alexa App. Fills the room with immersive, 360º omni-directional audio Hears you from across the room with far-field voice recognition, even while music is playing Answers questions, reads the news, reports traffic and weather, reads audiobooks from Audible, gives info on local businesses, provides sports scores and schedules, and more using the Alexa Voice Service Controls lights, fans, switches, thermostats, garage doors, sprinklers, locks, and more with compatible connected devices from WeMo, Philips Hue, Samsung SmartThings, Nest, ecobee, and others Always getting smarter and adding new features, plus thousands of skills like Uber, Domino’s, and more Certified Refurbished Amazon Echo $134.99 Available from Amazon BGR may receive a commission Buy Now Certified Refurbished Echo Dot A Certified Refurbished Echo Dot is refurbished, tested, and certified to look and work like new Echo Dot (2nd Generation) is a hands-free, voice-controlled device that uses Alexa to play music, control smart home devices, make calls, send and receive messages, provide information, read the news, set alarms, read audiobooks from Audible, and more Connects to speakers or headphones through Bluetooth or 3.5 mm stereo cable to play music from Amazon Music, Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, and TuneIn Introducing Alexa calling and messaging, a new way to be together with family and friends. Just ask Alexa to call or message anyone with an Echo, Echo Dot, or the Alexa App. Controls lights, fans, switches, thermostats, garage doors, sprinklers, locks, and more with compatible connected devices from WeMo, Philips Hue, Samsung SmartThings, Nest, ecobee, and others Hears you from across the room with 7 far-field microphones for hands-free control, even in noisy environments or while playing music Includes a built-in speaker so it can work on its own as a smart alarm clock in the bedroom, an assistant in the kitchen, or anywhere you might want a voice-controlled computer; Amazon Echo is not required to use Echo Dot Always getting smarter and adding new features, plus thousands of skills like Uber, Domino’s, and more Certified Refurbished Echo Dot (2nd Generation) - Black $37.99 Available from Amazon BGR may receive a commission Buy Now Follow @BGRDeals on Twitter to keep up with the latest and greatest deals we find around the web. BGR Deals content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and BGR may receive a commission on purchases made through our posts. Tags: BGR Deals View Comments Trending 1 Tech Fresh leak sheds new light on the iPhone 8’s display 2 Tech The Galaxy Note 8 might launch sooner than we thought 3 Entertainment AT&T is basically giving away cable TV to wireless customers 4 Tech The OnePlus 5’s signature feature might have just been confirmed 5 Tech Verizon introduces cheaper prepaid plans with higher data caps Picked For You Amazon’s 15 best deals: Google Wifi, iPhone microSD card reader, Alexa thermostat, Echo Dot, more By Maren Estrada 17 hours ago How the iPhone 8 will look next to the iPhone 7, the Google Pixel and other top phones By Yoni Heisler 2 days ago Here’s a gorgeous iPhone 8 concept that Apple could never make By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu DOT.COMPLEX The world is running out of domain names—what will we do when they’re all gone? Written by Alan Dunn June 02, 2017 Time to get more creative. (AP Photo/Toby Talbot) Share Written by Alan Dunn June 02, 2017 The world is nearly out of good “.com” domain names—and even the fourth circuit of the United States Court of Appeals agrees. As global internet usage rises, .com naming is going to get more and more complicated. Our languages only contain a finite number of meaningful words, so brand naming is becoming much more than coming up with a unique, snazzy moniker—it also involves knowledge of intellectual property rights, law, and a large of dash of luck. Many well-known brands have encountered challenges securing their preferred domain names. For example, Google renamed their parent company “Alphabet,” but it doesn’t own alphabet.com—BMW does. In 2014, Microsoft spent $2.5 billion to acquire Mojang, the Swedish company behind the popular Minecraft video game, but it didn’t get the domain name minecraft.com with it—that belongs to an Australia mining-engineering company, MineCraft Consulting PTY Ltd. (Oh yeah—that Minecraft.) Meanwhile, Nissan has spent over 20 years trying to acquire nissan.com from a man named Uzi Nissan, and it took Apple 16 years to acquire apple.co.uk from a British company called Apple Illustrations. Acronyms get even messier. Governmental organizations such as CIA.com, NSA.com, FBI.com, Mossad.com, and Mi6.com are all owned by private individuals and companies. A Google search for BOA (an acronym often used by Bank of America) may show a page covered in Bank of America listings, but a visit to BOA.com will rattle anybody with a fear of snakes. ABBA.com is not the Swedish group, but an acronym for the American Bed and Breakfast Association; DND.com isn’t owned by Dungeons and Dragons; and MOFO.com is actually safe to view at work. (It’s owned by the law firm, Morrison & Foerster). First come, first served So why don’t the big guys pull rank when it comes to owning their digital properties as well as their marketplace? That’s because most domain-name registries operate on a simple first-come, first-served rule for reservations and registrations. While this model is likely the only fair way to service a broad community, it has its drawbacks. Take Tesla, for example. Most people know of Elon Musk’s company, but fewer people know it was named after Nikola Tesla, the renowned Serbian inventor. As Tesla isn’t a word created for a brand—such as Jeep, Chapstick, or Jacuzzi—it’s more likely to be adopted by others who share the same appreciation for the original inventor. For example, Tesla Tecnologia e Comunicação owns tesla.com.br (Brazil), TESLA MR Scanning operates owns tesla.dk (Denmark), Tesla CRM Software GmbH owns tesla.de (Germany), and The Tesla Company owns tesla.gr (Greece). In theory, all of these owners have just as much right to a primary Tesla domain name as the others.  ABBA.com is not the Swedish group, DND.com isn’t owned by Dungeons and Dragons, and MOFO.com is actually safe to view at work. Some brands have been able to acquire their preferred domain names through cash or creative equity deals, such as Uber, which agreed to trade 2% of the company’s shares to Universal Music for the domain name uber.com, or Slack, which paid $60,000 for the domain name slack.com. Others will opt for less-friendly methods such as litigation or filing a Uniform Dispute Resolution Process (UDRP). The latter involves a great risk in the case of a loss, including almost always a higher cost. Domain names are a critical part of a company’s infrastructure, so it’s important for them to fight for them: Not only are they the storefront for a brand’s image online, but they also play a crucial role in everything from email to e-commerce. Many of today’s greatest companies even employ “global domain-name managers” who often have years of trademark and IP experience. Let’s say you spend tens of thousands of dollars (and portion of your sanity) on securing your desired domain name—then what about wrestling back the attached social-media handles? The real @SlimShady It’s hard to say who the real Slim Shady is, since @slimshady hasn’t tweeted since opening his account in 2007. Like domain names, social handles also operate on a first-come, first-served basis, causing very similar confusion throughout social platforms. For example, when Donald Trump won the 2016 US presidential election, Mike Pence also won his slot as vice president. Another winner was a Florida man whose name did not appear on a ballot—he describes himself as a “software developer, grandpa and nature lover. Not a Christo-fascist politician.” He is also named Mike Pence, and he happens to operate the @mikepence Twitter handle. I'm Mike Pence. No, not that one. https://t.co/JFtzxn197W — Mike Pence (@mikepence) December 12, 2016 I tried to see if Twitter co-founder @jackdorsey had anything to say about this, but I quickly realized that attempt might be futile. In fact, a whole bunch of tech leaders’ Twitter handles look a whole lot different than their real world counterparts. If the CEO of Twitter doesn’t have control over his own name’s Twitter handle, what hope do the rest of us have? (Twitter screenshot) And it’s just not personal names, either. Brands are subject to others using their preferred handles with almost no recourse. (Twitter screenshot) Social handles are often more challenging to acquire than domain names as there are fewer resolution methods available for an acquisition. Buying a social handle can be tricky, and selling a Twitter handle is actually against Twitter’s rules. For the most part, any decision to release or transfer a handle is left in the hands of the social handle’s owner. Some people, like Haje Jan Kamps, have used trademark law to find creative ways to acquire their handle for the cost of an application fee. However, successful attempts are few and far between. The future of .com To counteract these challenges, brands have started investing in branded digital-naming solutions for the future.  New domain name extensions like .club and .link have shown good success—while others like .bible and .rodeo are still trying to find a wider following. In 2014, ICANN—the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, which oversees primary DNS and IP regulation, maintenance, and co-ordination for the internet—introduced a series of new, generic, top-level domain names (gTLDs). This added more options to an ever-shrinking pool of quality .com domain names. New domain name extensions like .club and .link have shown good success with respect to new registrations—while others like .bible and .rodeo are still trying to find a wider following. But this last round of new gTLD applications also saw over 600 brands spend more than a collective $100 million on application fees alone for brand-related domain name extensions. Nike now owns .nike, BMW owns .bmw, and McDonald’s even owns .mcdonalds, which is a full 180-degree turn from 1994, when Joshua Quittner tried to get the ubiquitous restaurant chain to acquire McDonalds.com. “The thing about domain names is that they have become a precious commodity in their own right,” says David Taylor, a partner at Hogan Lovells and domain-name panellist for the World Intellectual Property Organization. “The opportunity provided by the ICANN new gTLD program has enabled many brands to move to the right of the dot, with a .brand. Given the application fee was $185,000, these are relatively costly domain names, but it’s often a cheaper option to paying large sums out to acquire a pre-registered and lovingly owned .com domain name that is being used for a genuine business or activity.” Over the next few years, we may see the face of the internet change as more brands shift to using branded extensions. Barclay’s, Canon, and BNP Paribas are already early adopters who have made the move, taking control over everything to the left of the dot. When a brand owns an entire extension and can actually control who can register, it puts a lot more power in their hands. Applications for new gTLDs have now closed, but it shouldn’t be too long until ICANN opens up the opportunity for more branded domain names once more. In the meantime, people will continue to call Minecraft Australia for game support, tag @mikepence in their political discussions, and question whether or not Paul Ryan is selling guitars on the side. I’d say that you could email us at quartz.com with any questions, but then the joke would be on you. Learn how to write for Quartz Ideas. We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com. Most Popular The world is sitting on a $400 trillion financial time bomb Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
LATEST NEWS: May 28, 2017Read the PIGB as passed by Senate (business, economy, featured) May 22, 2017Why work has not started on Apapa roads - Fashola (featured, news) May 22, 2017Coach excited as FC Ifeanyi Ubah wallop 3SC in Ibadan + Match Day 20 results (football, sport) May 22, 2017Acting President to hold interactive session on new Executive Orders (business, economy, featured) 03. June 2017 +234 809 400 0057 PRIVACY POLICYADVERT RATESSUBMIT NEWS     Home News Sport Politics Columns Business Life & Style Crime R&D Health Diet and Fitness Intimacy Entertainment Photos Fashion Movies Music Advert Rates NANJune 2, 20171min0 David Adeleke Davido FALL iTune Wizkid YouTube Related Articles EntertainmentMusic Fraud: Popular Nigerian singer arrested in US EntertainmentMovies Another comedy series debuts on GOtv EntertainmentMovies Bini epic movie, Esohe, premiers in US EntertainmentMusic Ambode celebrates Sir Shina Peters @59 EntertainmentMovies Celebrities team up on Princess Halliday Show to empower minds EntertainmentMusic Broadcast equipment worth N61m destroyed in Breeze FM’s demolition – official Adverts EntertainmentMusic Davido releases FALL on Apple iTune, YouTube + Video The danceable song, released on Friday (today), is available on Apple iTune for N200 Davido has made good his promise to release both the album and the video of his new single, FALL. The danceable song, released on Friday (today), is available on Apple iTune for N200. Here is the link: https://itunes.apple.com/ng/album/fall-single/id1243164651?i=1243164657 The Video, by Sony Music Entertainment International Limited, is also available on You Tube. The new song would be his first since he released the hit track, “IF“. Davido, who recently engaged in a quarrel with Wizkid, put out the teasers on his Instagram account, where he commands a record 4.1 million followers and Twitter, with 2.3 million followers. He published three photographs on his page, all captioned “FALL 02/06/17” and left his followers to fill the gaps. The song as at 10am on Friday has generated over 17,000 views, with 1800 likes and 45 thumbsdown. ADVERT How I Increased my Manhood Size & Stopped Premature Ejaculation That Scattered My Relationship.. Click HERE For Details. Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email Related previousHow GTB, Zenith Bank, FCMB, Keystone Bank escaped attack by militants nextSen. Sani hails President Buhari’s achievement Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment * Name * Email * Website Post Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Recent Posts Chibok girls graduate from top rated high school in US Group to faceless NGO: Stop blackmailing Buhari’s Minister Lagos commences delivery of right of way for Alapere network of roads Oyo closes College of Education over violent protest Fraud: Popular Nigerian singer arrested in US Abuja Chamber kicks over N5 fuel levy by Senate Saraki represents greater ideals than many know of – SAN Gov. Bello to INEC: Ghost might have done double registration Gov. Obaseki appoints 192 Special Assistants for grassroots governance NSE All-Share Index inches 31,000 mark amid massive gains Governors to offset workers’ salary backlog with Paris Club refunds – Yari Paris Climate Accord unstoppable, UN chief says after US exit Looking to seriously shed those unwanted fat... Let's help out. * Sweet 16, figure 18 * Life begins at 40 * flat tummy, Sexy shape, hubby's choice. * just want to be Healthy? Time to get in touch is now, no more delays. Call/WhatsApp: 08023324727 Most Popular Daughter lures dad to bed to discourage his fiancee Pregnant woman's tummy slit open, husband, child killed by Badoo group + photo UK bans Nigerian Doctor for making love advances to patient Breaking: TVC sacks 145 New Nokia 3310 back in Nigeria Rohr unleashes Iheanacho, Iwobi on Togo Death toll in accident involving MD of NDDC rises UTME: JAMB speaks on change of course EPL win: Chelsea pocket £150m + what others won About us The Eagle Online is published by Premium Eagle Media Limited 27, Joseph Odunlami Street, off Thomas Salako Street, Ogba, Lagos. Email: info@theeagleonline.com.ng, dotunoladipo@theeagleonline.com.ng Phone: 08023145962, 08094000057 Whatsapp: 08094000057 SEND US A MESSAGE Latest posts How GTB, Zenith Bank, FCMB, Keystone Bank escaped attack by militants Breaking: TVC sacks 145 Senate moves to saddle Nigerians with multiple taxes for road usage Newsletter Email * Categories HOME PRIVACY POLICY ADVERT RATES SUBMIT NEWS CONTACT US © Copyright by The Eagle Online 2011 – 2017. All rights reserved. HOME PRIVACY POLICY ADVERT RATES SUBMIT NEWS CONTACT US © Copyright The Eagle Online 2012 – 2017. All rights reserved. HOME PRIVACY POLICY ADVERT RATES SUBMIT NEWS CONTACT US ADVERT How I Increased my Manhood Size & Stopped Premature Ejaculation That Scattered My Relationship.. Click HERE For Details. Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email Related Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest 6.2.17: Your morning briefing 6.1.17: Your morning briefing 5.31.17: Your morning briefing 5.30.17: Your morning briefing 5.26.17: Your morning briefing search goes here 6.2.17: Your morning briefing By John Adams Published June 02 2017, 8:37am EDT More in Briefing Print Email Reprints Share Share on Welcome to the PaymentsSource Morning Briefing, delivered daily. The information you need to start your day, including top headlines from PaymentsSource and around the Web: $100 billion store: Developers have earned more than $70 billion through Apple's App Store in the nine years since its launch, reports Engadget, which computes users have spend more than $100 billion in the App Store given Apple's usual 70/30 split with developers. There's been a notable spike in the past year of 70% with photo and video apps approaching a 90% growth rate. Engadget attributes this growth to improvements in Apple's camera quality and the increase in people's appetite for photo sharing. Paid app subscriptions are up 58% over the past year, following a change in how Apple shares revenue from subscription payments. After keeping the first year at a 70/30 split, Apple's cut drops to 15%. Engadget reports video apps may soon be subject to the 85/15 split from year one if the developers' apps are integrated with Apple TV. Over the years, the App Store has gradually supported more diverse payment options such as UnionPay and bitcoin to broaden its reach. The announcement comes ahead of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference, which starts Monday. Bloomberg News Stripe's analysis: E-commerce technology company Stripe has drawn considerable investment, giving it lots of options to expand its range of merchant services. Late Thursday it launched Sigma, an analytics tool that allows businesses to avoid downloading data from Stripe for independent analysis. Sigma will be available on Stripe's dashboard, giving businesses access to instant data without technology work or maintenance. And like most of Stripe's products, it's designed for people who don't have a lot of programming knowledge. Sigma also offers templates that enable businesses to spot unpaid invoices, recurring revenue or average revenue per user. Speaking with TechCrunch, Stripe cofounder Patrick Collison said Sigma is similar to Radar, a fraud prevention program that uses internal Stripe resources and data. OneLogin's breach may hurt downstream: Identity management software company OneLogin has suffered a data breach that may have compromised customer data, including encrypted data, reports Gizmodo. OneLogin has acknowledged the breach, though it's offering more details to customers than to the general public, according to the technology website. Gizmodo also reports the company is advising mass password resets, suggesting basic login credentials are at risk. OneLogin specializes in identity security for large companies and counts Pinterest among its clients. Given the propensity for people to reuse passwords for different relationships, stolen passwords for widely used file sharing sites such as Pinterest could also potentially impact retailer or payment sites. Mexico City Metro: Mastercard has already participated in transit ticketing technology projects in Singapore and London, and is adding Mexico City to the list. Mastercard will work with bank partners to launch a debit card that can be used to for transit payments, retail purchases and potentially social disbursements. One of the most immediate impacts should be easier payments on Mexico City's transit system, which carries about 5.5 million travelers each day on buses and heavy rail. There are also about 9 million trips each day on smaller bus routes that only accept cash today. Mastercard plans to develop additional products that target small businesses in Mexico City, according to a release from the card network. From the Web LG launches a mobile payment service in Korea TechCrunch | Fri Jun 2, 2017 - LG announced plans for its own mobile payment service way back in November 2015, and today it finally went official with the launch. The LG Pay service is initially limited to the G6, LG’s flagship smartphone, via a software update, but it is only available in Korea. There is launch support for cards from Shinhan Bank, KB, BC and Lotte, and LG plans to cover all of Korea’s card companies by September. China Postal Authority Calls for End to Data Spat Between Alibaba Unit, SF Holdings U.S. News & World Report | Fri Jun 2, 2017 - China's postal authority has asked SF Holding Co and Alibaba Holding Group Ltd's logistics unit, two of the nation's top logistics players, to end a spat that disrupted deliveries when the two firms abruptly cut ties on Thursday. Why Bitcoin Needs Washington to Go Mainstream Fortune | Thu Jun 1, 2017 - It’s not hard to see why this technology is exciting the world of payments. Traditionally we’ve had to rely on intermediaries like PayPal to maintain a database of account balances and transactions in order to send money online. In Bitcoin that database is maintained by thousands of nodes in an open network and constantly validated by the work of countless miners. Suddenly you don’t need to trust PayPal anymore. Since there is no intermediary, Bitcoin works a lot like cash, but online. More from PaymentsSource New data busts myths about gender, age in mobile wallet use As with anything high-tech, early predictions held that millennial men would be first to adopt mobile wallets. Dumping paper invoices is vital for business relevance More than ever, businesses across industries are discovering that the result of neglecting improvements in the invoicing and payments function of the accounts payable department translates to a loss in time, revenue, and efficiency. How mobile marketing is shaping mobile commerce Advertising, marketing and payments are changing very quickly and traditional players will need to adapt quickly in order to survive, according to Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner Mary Meeker's annual “Internet Trends” report. Citi, PayPal defy notion that vets unfit for disruptive tech jobs On the face of it, the cultures of Silicon Valley and the U.S. military couldn’t be further apart. Stereotypical techies are slouchy, decidedly casual and resistant to order. They are the opposite of the well groomed, formal and fiercely disciplined picture of a veteran. John Adams John Adams is Executive Editor of PaymentsSource. More from this Author GTCR buying Sage U.S. unit to develop small-biz integrated payments First Data dives into the dark web to fight fraud 6.1.17: Your morning briefing Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The story behind the random century-old barn on Apple's futuristic $5 billion campus Tech Insider Kif Leswing 21 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors Full screen 1/4 SLIDES © Provided by Business Insider Inc Apple Barn 2/4 SLIDES © Provided by Business Insider Inc Apple Park 3/4 SLIDES © Provided by Business Insider Inc Apple Barn 4/4 SLIDES © Provided by Business Insider Inc Apple Barn 4/4 SLIDES Tucked away in a corner of Apple Park, the company's new futuristic, custom-designed $5 billion campus in Cupertino, California, is a particularly low-tech building. It stands out in a campus of gleaming glass and concrete structures where even the door handles are custom designed. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 155.45 +2.27 +1.48% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 1,006.73 +10.78 +1.08% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 79.62 -0.19 -0.24% AT&T Inc T = 38.87 0.00 0.00% So why did Apple recently construct an early-20th century barn in the shadow of its massive new "spaceship" campus? Here's a good picture from a recent drone flyover video filmed by Matthew Roberts.  It turns out, the historic "Glendenning Barn" was on the land first, and after a former Cupertino mayor asked Apple CEO Tim Cook what the company planned to do with the barn in the early stages of construction, Apple carefully took it apart and put it back together, just the way it was constructed before.  The Glendenning barn, built in 1916, had previously survived several changes of ownership, as the land around it transformed from farmland owned by the Glendenning family, to orchards, to an HP office park, and now, to Apple's new headquarters.   The barn wasn't specifically protected by local law, but the Cupertino Historical Society tried to save it, and it was beloved by the site's previous owners, HP, which used it as a gathering place for beer bashes and picnics. "I’m anxious to one day see it again," Ed Miller, a former HP manager, told the Mercury News.  Apple will store sports equipment and landscaping supplies in the barn. But its value to Apple is more as a little piece of history that shows how Silicon Valley has changed. An environmental impact report commissioned by Apple in 2013 gives the full backstory of the land that Apple's "spaceship" campus now sits on:  Load Error The project site was occupied by Robert and Margaret Howie Glendenning beginning in the 1850s. The Glendennings, originally from Scotland, were one of the first European-Americans to homestead in Cupertino. In 1851, the couple began farming 160 acres of land, living initially in a tent on the land. After building a house and planting crops, the owners of the Alviso Land Grant laid claim to the property, and the Glendennings were compelled to purchase the land at $30 an acre. Margaret Glendenning finished the land payments upon the death of her husband in 1868.  By 1884, when Robert and Margaret’s children had come of legal age, the Glendenning property was divided among the family. Margaret Howie lived on the southern half of the property and the northern half was divided amongst the six Glendenning children: Mary, Margaret C. (Caroline), Ellen (Ella), Joe, Jim, and George. In 1888, approximately 60 acres of the property contained orchards and the remaining portion was utilized for grain and hay production. Margaret Howie had a house built on her property in 1889, where she lived with her daughters, Margaret C. Burrell and Ellen Glendenning. In 1914, Margaret Burrell obtained her mother’s parcel and her daughter and son-in-law, Grace and John Leonard, purchased the land. Leonard converted 48 acres of the property from dry-farming (hay and grain production) to irrigated orchards. It is thought that John Leonard built the Glendenning Barn around this time. The Leonards established a dehydrating and packing business on the property.  In 1964, Varian Associates purchased the Glendenning property from John Leonard and his son, Burrel. The Glendenning parcel was one of several family properties, including the Lester, Craft, and Orlando families, to be purchased by Varian. The Varian lands were pooled into the VALLCO land corporation, the name of which was derived from the first names of the principal parties involved in the sale. The Glendenning-Leonard acreages were the key parcels to be incorporated into VALLCO Park and became the site of the Varian building, the first constructed in the park. VALLCO continued minimal farming operations into the 1970s, but a master plan and associated development phased out farming. VALLCO sold 46 acres to Hewlett-Packard in 1968, followed by another 50 acres in 1971. Aerial photographs from the 1980s show the barn, pump house, and windmill tower, but the Glendenning house built for Margaret Howie Glendenning, Margaret Burrell, and Ellen Glendenning was demolished in the early 1970s.16 The Hewlett-Packard and Ridgeview campuses were constructed in phases from the mid-1960s to late 1980s. Hewlett-Packard sold the 98-acre office park in November 2010 to Apple as part of its plan to consolidate employees at its Palo Alto campus. The property is just north of a 50-acre site Apple bought in 2006 and east of the main Apple campus. The properties purchased by Apple in 2006 and 2010 are part of the project site. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Tech Insider Dunkin' Donuts convinced the world to spell 'doughnut' all wrong Tech Insider Everything you think you know about parmesan cheese is a lie Tech Insider 11 big-name companies based in small-town America Tech Insider Tech Insider View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 115% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 64% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 32% Returns as of 6/2/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Report: Intel Corporation Could Benefit From the Spat Between Qualcomm, Inc. and Apple Inc. This chipmaker could see an increase in its cellular-modem shipments due to increasing animosity between Apple and its primary cellular-modem supplier. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jun 2, 2017 at 7:30AM A fresh report from DigiTimes says that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) currently sources 30% of the cellular modems used in the iPhone 7-series devices from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), with the remaining 70% coming from longtime iPhone supplier, Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM). Losing a portion of Apple's iPhone cellular modem orders certainly impacted Qualcomm's financial performance, as well as, arguably, the perception of the value of Qualcomm's technology. Previously, only Qualcomm built stand-alone models that could meet Apple's iPhone needs, but with Apple's use of Intel modems in its flagship smartphones, that perceived value may have lessened among investors. Image source: Apple. Per DigiTimes, because of the increasingly bitter litigation between Qualcomm and Apple, Intel is expected to see its iPhone modem allocation as a percentage of Apple's total flagship iPhone shipments increase over time. "Apple's outsourcing proportion to Intel for the next-generation iPhone baseband chips has risen to about 50% for orders running through the end of 2017," DigiTimes says. It will get worse for Qualcomm and better for Intel if DigiTimes' reporting is accurate. The report says that Apple is "likely to shift even more baseband chip orders away from Qualcomm with Intel to supply over 70% of the baseband products for iPhones by 2018." Good thing Intel's XMM 7560 supports CDMA One of the key factors that will enable Intel to potentially capture the bulk of Apple's iPhone modem orders is that its upcoming cellular modem, known as the XMM 7560, is expected to support the CDMA standard, a feature that's lacking in the company's current XMM 7360 (used in the iPhone 7-series) and the upcoming XMM 7480 (likely to be used in this year's iPhone models). With CDMA support, iPhones incorporating Intel's modems will be usable on CDMA-capable networks like Verizon and Sprint, as well as on the GSM-capable networks that the current Intel-based iPhone models support. In other words, iPhones with Qualcomm and Intel models would be, for all intents and purposes, interchangeable. However, Apple doesn't gain this flexibility -- and Intel doesn't enjoy this potential opportunity -- until the product cycle after the coming iPhone 7s/8 cycle. What this could mean for all parties involved Obviously, the loss of additional share at Apple would sting Qualcomm's chip business. Now, it wasn't the end of the world for said business when Qualcomm lost that initial part of Apple's modem orders to Intel, and it certainly wouldn't be the end of the world for Qualcomm to lose additional share here. Remember that Qualcomm sells mobile applications processors, often with additional support chips, to a wide range of customers, and Apple is just one customer -- albeit a reasonably large one. For Intel, the impact of additional share gains at Apple would be a boost to its relatively small wireless chip business, which is just one small part of the company's overall Client Computing Group, or CCG, business. The impact to said wireless business would be large, and it would give Intel additional incentive to continue to develop cellular modem technologies, but the impact to the company's overall revenue and profits would be quite small -- as was the impact of the initial Apple modem revenues to Intel's business. Finally, Apple would further lessen its dependence on Qualcomm, with whom it's in a bitter legal battle. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Qualcomm, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jun 2, 2017 at 7:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.45 up $2.27 (1.48%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.32 up $0.20 (0.55%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Read More Now’s the Time to Buy These Hated Tech Stocks Why This Intel Corporation Chip Rumor Seems Bogus 3 Growth Stocks for Bright Investors Will Qualcomm Have to Increase Its NXP Semiconductors Buyout Offer? Intel Corporation: The Bear Case From a Bull Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Report: Intel Corporation Could Benefit From the Spat Between Qualcomm, Inc. and Apple Inc. @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC, $QCOM
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech WWDC Apple’s WWDC 2017: a Siri speaker, iOS 11, and what else to expect New, 38 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Jun 2, 2017, 8:10am EDT share tweet Linkedin It’s June again, so it’s time for Apple to give the world a look at what it’s been up to and what we should expect from the iPhone, the Mac, and everything in between in the months to come. On Monday, Apple will kick off this year’s Worldwide Developers Conference with a keynote presentation where, like every year, the company’s top executives will take the stage to talk about their next big releases. Traditionally, WWDC has been a software show, with a heavy focus on iOS and macOS (and, recently, tvOS and watchOS as well). But this year, there have been rumblings that we should expect some hardware news too — including at least one brand new product — which could make the event even more interesting than usual. The keynote starts at 1PM ET / 10AM PT on June 5th. The Verge will be reporting live from San Jose, so be sure to come back then for all the news. For now, here’s our guide on what to expect on Monday. There haven’t been a ton of leaks this year, so while we have some ideas of what Apple’s planning, there should still be plenty of surprises in store. Photo by James Bareham / The Verge Software Here’s something we can expect in pretty good confidence: Apple will announce the next iterations of iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. All four of Apple’s big platforms are on yearly release cycles, with announcements in June, developer previews shortly thereafter, and public releases in the fall. This year shouldn’t be any different. But what should we expect from each of them? That’s where it gets a bit trickier. iOS design updates: Bloomberg reported last month that iOS 11 would have “an updated user interface,” though it didn’t offer any details beyond that. One possibility: Apple appears to be working on a “dark mode” for the entire operating system, which changes most backgrounds from white to black. That wouldn’t just be for visual flair. If Apple introduces an OLED iPhone, as it’s rumored to this fall, a dark mode would save battery by letting the screen keep more pixels turned off — much like what the Apple Watch does. More stylus support: Bloomberg also said we may see updates for the iPad based around the Pencil. Apple might update its apps, like Mail and Safari, to allow the stylus to be used for annotations. It could even go further, mimicking the kind of mark up anything-and-everything abilities that Samsung has given its S Pen styluses. The iPad’s multitasking features need to get more pro Pro iPad features: There’s a lot Apple can do to improve the iPad’s multitasking to really offer a pro experience on the iPad Pro; a native version of this this drag-and-drop feature would be a good start. I’m also strongly hoping this is the year we finally see support for multiple user accounts — it’s a frustrating omission, but Apple began laying the groundwork for the feature last year. Lots of app updates: Apple’s other big story is likely to be app upgrades — looking back to last year, some of iOS’s biggest changes came through apps like iMessage and Photos. It’d be surprising not to see Apple continue that push this year, especially with how successful its changes to iMessage have been. A way to pay your friends: A recent Recode report says Apple has been weighing a peer-to-peer payments service that would compete with the likes of Venmo and Square Cash, but it’s unclear whether that would be a feature of Apple Pay or whether it would exist as a cash-exchange feature in iMessage (or both). Something to watch in Apple Music: Apple is typically dead quiet when it comes to what it’s working on. Jimmy Iovine, however, is another story. And it seems like Iovine may have let it slip to Bloomberg that Apple Music will be reworked this year to better feature video. That’s good timing, since Apple’s first original shows are coming out soon. Carpool Karaoke arrives August 8th, and we may hear about Planet of the Apps on Monday. Siri gets smarter: Apple’s digital assistant has been getting one-upped and lapped and probably three other equivalent sports metaphors in the past couple years. If Apple wants to take on the Amazon Echoes and Google Homes of the world — and it sure sounds like it does — Siri is going to need to do a better jobs of connecting to third party apps and surfacing information for you. It seems likely Apple will start to make more of that happen this year. Small and steady updates to the Mac Small changes to macOS: Apple hasn’t made big changes to macOS in years (aside from its name), but it’ll certainly keep polishing away and adding new features here and there, with many likely inside Apple-made apps like Mail. Siri was introduced last year, and it could get more powerful this year — last year, it was missing third-party support. Improvements to watchOS and tvOS: Apple’s two youngest operating systems have been getting very useful and occasionally dramatic changes year to year. There’s no word on what to expect this time around, but it’d be a surprise if we didn’t see Apple keep iterating on the basic experience of using both operating systems. WatchOS still needs work on how it displays apps, and Apple is still figuring out how rework the classic TV guide with tvOS. In an interview with The Verge in February, Apple TV executive Eddy Cue suggested that the future of web TV would be much more “interactive,” so it’s possible that any software changes could allow app developers to create more interactive apps. And according to a recent report from BuzzFeed News, Amazon Prime Video will finally run on Apple TV, something that Apple TV users have been wanting for years. Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge Hardware Apple talks hardware every now and then during WWDC, and it seems like 2017 is going to be one of those years. Potentially, a big one. Siri speaker: Apple’s answer to the Amazon Echo and Google Home may well be announced on Monday. What’ll it do? What’ll it look like? Pretty much all of that is speculation for now — there’s even disagreement over whether or not it’ll have a screen. The speaker is one reason to expect updates to Siri this year, as you can bet that Apple will want to let app developers take advantage of this new device. (It’s unveiling the product at a developer conference, after all.) You can imagine Apple adopting a similar model to how it distributes apps for watchOS, where developers can build Siri features into their core mobile app. Apple will want to step up Siri’s game to take on Alexa There are a few basic details we do know so far. Bloomberg said recently that Apple has started manufacturing the speaker and that it’ll feature “virtual surround sound” to provide better audio quality. It’ll also function as a hub for HomeKit, Apple’s smart home system. That’s likely to be a highlight for the product. It’s not clear if Apple has any big features up its sleeve that make its smart speaker stand out from the competition. But tight integration with Apple’s ecosystem of products may be enough. If you already have an iPhone, Apple’s upcoming product may be the easiest smart speaker to get started with. A new iPad size: This one seems a little bit less certain, but the reliable Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says that Apple’s been working on a 10.5-inch iPad Pro and will likely introduce it at WWDC. The new model is supposed to be about the same size as the existing 9.7-inch iPad Pro, but it’ll be able to fit a larger screen by narrowing down the device’s bezels. WWDC would be unusual timing for an iPad Pro launch, but Apple released a surprise update of the standard iPad in March, so perhaps it’s just putting them out as they come. Updated MacBooks and MacBook Pros: Nothing major here, but it’s time for Apple’s laptops to get some spec bumps. Intel has a new line of processors out — Kaby Lake — and Apple should update its laptops to support them, offering a little bit more power and little bit more battery life. There’s also rumors that the MacBook Pro could get an option for more RAM, though that might still be down the road. Not quite the Air update we were looking for A depressing update for the MacBook Air: It’s been two years since Apple updated the MacBook Air, and it certainly looks like the company would happily watch its former star wither away and die. But apparently, sales have remained strong — it’s Apple’s only laptop under $1,000 — and Bloomberg reports that it’s likely to receive an update to include Kaby Lake processors, too. That won’t do much to modernize the laptop — the Air’s screen, in particular, is now low-resolution and outdated — but it’ll justify the laptop staying around and provide a bit more value for anyone who’s still interested. There’s been some suggestion the Air could get updated to USB-C too, but that’d require more work on Apple’s part, so it wouldn’t be a huge surprise to see everything but the processor stay the same. What we (probably) won’t see: iPhones are off the table. iMacs could use new processors, but there’s no word on that yet. And while Apple has promised a new Mac Pro, that likely isn’t arriving until at least next year. It’s always possible Apple will talk about its plans for a new pro machine, but a release is a long ways out. The Apple Watch will likely be updated this fall; and while a 4K Apple TV is said to be in the works, there’s no sign it’s coming this month. Next Up In Tech Flipp is a buttonless remote that connects to your speakers over Wi-Fi Nutella employed an algorithm to design its packaging Apple shouldn’t wait any longer to show the world that it’s serious about AR AT&T offers DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers for an extra $10 a month Vivo wants you to know its name so much it's sponsoring the World Cup Airbnb hosts reject guests with disabilities more often, researchers say Now Trending HBO may push Game of Thrones' final season to 2019, and that wouldn't be a bad thing I’m just trying to give you a small piece of comfort, okay? Wonder Woman is a tremendous win for a franchise that desperately needed one The DC Extended Universe finally finds its balance between troubled philosophy and thrilling action Dutch households will use servers to heat their showers for free A small trial for a clever idea Microsoft accidentally released internal Windows 10 development builds British Airways flight disruption was caused by someone unplugging the power Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 44. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Flipp is a buttonless remote that connects to your speakers over Wi-Fi by Chaim Gartenberg 5 comments / new There are more cases of measles in Minnesota now than in all of the US last year, thanks to anti-vaxxers by Angela Chen 14 comments / new Someone stuck a Vive controller to a drone and made some very expensive doodles by Megan Farokhmanesh HBO may push Game of Thrones' final season to 2019, and that wouldn't be a bad thing by Kaitlyn Tiffany 12 comments / new Nutella employed an algorithm to design its packaging by Ashley Carman 11 comments / new The new Wonder Woman film loses the comic's playfulness — so don't expect space kangaroos by Noah Berlatsky 6 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Share Tweet All the new Apple Watch features coming at WWDC Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home News Apple News watchOS 4 release date & new features for Apple Watch watchOS 4 release date & new features for Apple Watch watchOS 4 will be announced at WWDC 2017 on 5 June. Here are the new features coming to an Apple Watch near you by Karen Haslam | 02 Jun 17 Apple is expected to launch a new Apple Watch later this year (which you can read about here: Apple Watch 3 rumours), but the company will also update the watchOS operating system software, bringing new features to existing Apple Watch models. We expect to get our first look at watchOS 4 at WWDC 2017 on 5 June, with Apple previewing some of the new features there. Read on to find out what can we expect to see. Thinking of buying an Apple Watch? Read our Apple Watch buying guide 2017 and take a look at our guide to the best Apple Watch deals. When will Apple release watchOS 4? You can expect to see a preview of watchOS 4 in June at WWDC. Here's how to watch WWDC 2017 live. After the announcement watchOS 4 will go into a beta testing phase for several months. It will finally become available for general download around September 2017. However, if you're signed up as a beta tester you may be able to download an early beta version of watchOS 4 before then. When the software arrives, here's how to update watchOS. New features Here's a rundown of the new features we are hoping to see in the next version of the watch operating system. Activity tracking The new Apple Watch software will include new sports in the Activities app. Apple is testing skiing and snowboarding activities, according to a Gixmodo report based on an Environmental Health and Safety report. Along with new Activities, there are calls for better sharing features for workouts and other activity. Fitness fanatics would like the opportunity to share a wider range of stats with friends, it seems. Syncing workouts between Apple and third-party apps can be flawed too, so improvements here would be welcome. One new feature that came in watchOS 3 was the ability to pause a workout by pressing the side button and Digital Crown simultaneously, but unfortunately this feature isn't available to third-party apps. Hopefully it will be in watchOS 4. Similarly the watchOS 3 option to disable the touchscreen during a workout (or when you're in water) would be a useful feature for third-party apps. Health tracking The next Apple Watch will offer even more health-tracking features, if there's any foundation in rumours that Apple is currently testing diabetes monitoring hardware. If Apple is indeed looking at improving the health features of the new watch you can expect to see some additional software features which will hopefully be available for older models too. Sleep tracking Many fitness trackers and smartwatches feature sleep tracking functions that'll monitor your movement while asleep and offer you some kind of stat reflecting your sleep when you wake up - a feature that up until now has been missing from the Apple Watch (other than in the form of third party sleep tracking apps). Not for much longer though, if a recent report is to be believed. Bloomberg claims that Apple is working on a new apps for that tracks a user's sleep. Apparently this feature will be supported across all existing models of Apple Watch. The problem here has always been that sleep tracking required the Watch to have enough charge to be used overnight. Most Watch users plug in their watch overnight. One saving grace is that it doesn't take long for the Apple Watch to charge, so owners keen to track their sleep could charge the watch during the evening before bed, for example. In the meantime, get a good night's sleep with our guide to the best iPhone sleep apps. Always on time This is one of the most requested features of the Apple Watch. It seems preposterous that a watch wouldn't be able to show the time all the time. Apple's decision not to have a watch face always on is seemingly to preserve battery life, but there are plenty of smartwatches on the market that do permanently tell the time so Apple looks amiss by not offering it. Battery life is predominantly a hardware issue - and there are rumours that the next version of the Apple Watch could include a bigger battery via a new modular Watch strap. Read more here: Apple Watch 3 rumours. New watch faces Speaking of the time, there are also calls for more choice when it comes to your watch face. Currently there isn't really much in the way of choice beyond the watch faces Apple offers. There are faces from Hermes and Nike, but people would like to see more. How about a watch face store for the Apple Watch? As for the complications on the faces, which can be provided by third parties, these are only allowed to update no more than 50 times per day. This can be a pain for some complications so it's something we hope will change in watchOS 4. To see what you can do at the moment, read: How to change Apple Watch faces. Apple Watch customisation The watch face is just one way of personalising your Apple Watch. We'd like to see Apple introduce new ways of customising the device. For example, it would be nice to add custom ringtones and tones for alerts. You could even learn to understand exactly what your watch is telling you without even lifting your wrist, just by the type of vibration. Siri improvements on Apple Watch SiriKit recently arrived on the Apple Watch in the watchOS 3.2 update. The update will allow third-party apps to work with Siri. An issue some people have with the watch is that Siri won't work when you aren't online - so basically whenever you don't have your iPhone handy. For example, if you leave your iPhone at home and head out for a jog you won't be able to use Siri to open apps or play particular tracks from your music collection. Given how difficult the Apple Watch interface can be to navigate, this would make selecting certain settings in the OS a whole lot easier when you're out and about. Multiple devices You can now automatically unlock your Mac with your Apple Watch, how about your iPhone and iPad? It would also be useful if you could sync your Apple Watch with more than one device - your iPhone and your iPad, for example. Control Centre We'd like to see a few more additions to the Control Centre that arrived in watchOS 3. The dock We love the dock that arrived in watchOS 3 and can be accessed by pressing the side button, but we'd like to see this evolve. Home screen With the addition of Control Centre and the dock in watchOS 3 the interface became slightly easier to navigate. But we'd like to see changes to make the home screen a little more user-friendly. We'd like to be able to add folders, for example, as that might make it easier to navigate to apps. In many ways the difficulty with the home screen is down to the fact that the icons are circular - which doesn't really make sense given the fact that the watch face is rectangular. With square icons Apple could make better use of the space. An other way to help you navigate icons could be to choose for commonly used icons to be bigger than other icons, to make them easier to spot. The ability to remove Apple apps would be helpful here too. New Apple Watch apps We'd like to see the Notes app arrive on the Apple Watch. While it's unlikely you'll be writing (or rather dictating) long notes on the Apple Watch, it would be useful to be able to access your existing Notes on that device. If you're like us, Notes tends to be a go-to for any piece of information you want to have at your fingertips, so having access to this on your watch could be useful. Another app people want to see make its way to the Apple Watch is the Podcast app, while being able to listen to audiobooks in iBooks would also be welcome. Finally, how about the calculator app on the watch? Read about the Best Apple Watch games and Best Apple Watch apps for more information about what's currently available. And for more information about the Apple Watch in general, read our Complete guide to the Apple Watch and our Apple Watch tips & secrets. Tags: Apple Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement What is Nvidia Max-Q? Lola Dupre illustrates When Your Child Is a Psychopath What to expect at WWDC 2017 Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad iPhone iPad iOS OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses iPhone iPad iOS Home iOS Feature WWDC 2017 wish list: iOS 11 features that would take the iPhone and iPad to the next level Improvements to Siri, iMessage, and FaceTime are at the top of our list for Apple's most influential OS. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Oscar Raymundo Staff Writer, Macworld | Jun 2, 2017 5:00 AM PT Mobile WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions   (1:24) More for you to like: How can Apple make iOS 11 upgrade-worthy? | The iPhone Show How can Apple make iOS 11... Can the iPhone make better AR than Facebook and Snapchat? | The iPhone Show Can the iPhone make better AR than... Hands-on with Apple's new video-editing app, Clips Hands-on with Apple's new... Does Apple need to reinvent the iPhone? Does Apple need to reinvent the... Why does the iOS 10 lock screen reveal so much? Why does the iOS 10 lock screen... (2:36) What happened to Apple Music in iOS 10? What happened to Apple Music in... (2:53) Here's what you can expect to be announced during the WWDC keynote on Monday, June 5. WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions (1:24) More like this WWDC wish list: What we’d like from the Siri Speaker WWDC 2017 Wish List: How tvOS 11 could drastically enhance the Apple TV... Apple’s WWDC Announcements: What are the chances? Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions Apple’s iOS has become a main pillar of its ever-expanding ecosystem. It was the inspiration for creating a tvOS that revolved around apps. And without iOS, watchOS would be inoperable.  Some of Apple’s best features were first fine-tuned on iOS before migrating to the other operating systems. Siri, for example, is now present in macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. And Apple Pay, another iOS-first, has found its way to the Apple Watch and the MacBook Pro. That’s why during the WWDC keynote on June 5, all eyes will be on iOS 11, and whatever Apple has planned for the latest iteration of the influential operating system. For our iOS 11 wish list, we’ve come up with a list of awesome features that will certainly take iOS to the next level, but would also play nice with the other OSes. FaceTime group calling When Steve Jobs announced FaceTime back in 2010, it was groundbreaking. Reliable video calls on your mobile device were the future. But FaceTime hasn’t been updated much since then. Now, Facebook and Google have mobile video-calling, too, with Facebook Messenger and Google Hangouts. While FaceTime continues to only support two-way video calling, Facebook Messenger lets you video-call up to 50 people. MyApple Hopefully, iOS 11 will bring FaceTime up to speed and integrate group calling. Rumors have circulated that this much-needed feature is indeed coming to iOS, but obviously nothing’s been confirmed. But if Apple does not launch support for group video calls soon, it’s possible that FaceTime will start loosing its luster… kind of like Skype. Expanded SiriKit Integrations Last year, with iOS 10, Apple made one of the biggest updates to Siri by allowing it to access selected third-party services. All of the sudden, Siri could hail you an Uber or send a message via WhatsApp. It was a great move in trying to make Siri smarter. However, Amazon’s Alexa has Siri beat in this department. Amazon has given its voice assistant access to thousands of third-party “Skills.” While Siri continues to only be able to perform six types of actions. Not to mention, Google Assistant just launched on iOS, as well, making iPhone users more aware of Siri’s shortcomings in deciphering context. If Apple is indeed developing a Siri Speaker to compete against Amazon Echo, then improving Siri in iOS 11 is vital. iMessage P2P payments Despite all these competitors, Apple continues to be number one in terms of user privacy and security. That’s why the Siri integrations have lagged behind. It’s also why Apple should integrate peer-to-peer mobile payments into iMessage, giving iPhone users a more-trusted alternative to Venmo. Venmo Sure, iMessage got a major overhaul in iOS 10, bringing bigger emojis, stickers, and third-party apps. But I was disappointed by the lack of practical applications. In iOS 11, iMessage could be integrated into Apple Pay to facilitate mobile payments in a way that’s secure and convenient. Augmented Reality app Tim Cook has mentioned several times how excited he is about augmented reality. Most likely, we’ll see augmented reality integrated somehow into the forthcoming iPhone 8, but I hope Apple will give us a hint of those AR features in iOS 11. Gabor Balogh Instead of clogging the camera app or Siri, Apple could launch a new standalone app dedicated entirely to launching augmented reality experiences. I’d love to see an iOS app that combines Siri, Clips, and the camera’s viewfinder to surface information or overlay graphics onto the real world (or on your 3D selfies). Samsung has already promised a version of this for Galaxy users with Bixby Vision. And more recently, Google Lens was the most interesting thing to come out of Google’s I/O developers conference. Could Siri Vision be that far behind? Customizable Control Center I use the Control Center more than I do the widgets on the Today screen. I swipe up every time I want to take a picture or use the calculator. I even use Control Center late at night when I’m on my iPhone and want to lock the portrait orientation of the screen. But then there are Control Center actions that I never take, like setting a timer. EverythingApplePro This didn’t use to be that big of a deal before iOS 10, when the Control Center was just one panel. Now, there are so many controls that I wish I could remove some of them, or at least re-arrange them. That way I could keep all my preferred controls (including the play button) on the same panel. In addition, I would also replace the Night Shift control, which takes up way to much space, with a control to turn on Low-Power Mode. That’s something that I need to turn on more often than Night Shift, which comes on automatically anyway. Set default apps When tapping a link, some iOS apps give you a choice. Do you want to open that link in Safari or Chrome? Do you want to navigate to this destination using Apple Maps or Google Maps? My question is: Wouldn’t it be nice if iOS 11 would let you set your default apps to get rid of such prompts? It would eliminate an extra step. I’m surprised we haven’t gotten this option just yet, considering simplicity is what Apple is all about. Drag-and-drop for iPad The iPad got a productivity boost in iOS 9 with Slide Over, Split View, and Picture-in-Picture. But that was two years ago, and it seems like Apple has stopped adding new multitasking features, or even fine-tuning existing ones. This is terribly disappointing, especially when you think of all the missed opportunities for making the iPad Pro models even better. MacStories A simple, yet much-needed multitasking feature that iOS 11 can bring about is drag-and-drop in Split View. Visually, I’m already tempted to drag photos and documents from one app to another when they’re right next to each other. And other third-party apps have already figured out how this can be done. Readdle’s latest update makes it possible to drag-and-drop files between their productivity apps like Spark, Documents, and PDF Expert. Check out our other WWDC 2017 wish lists New features we want in macOS 10.13 How tvOS 11 could drastically enhance the Apple TV experience What we’d like to see from watchOS 4 What we’d like from the Siri Speaker Accessibility features Apple needs to add to iOS and macOS To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: iOS iPhone/iPad Smartphones iPhone Software WWDC Apple Oscar Raymundo is a staff writer covering iOS and the host of 'The iPhone Show.' Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Konkan village hopes its cheers are heard in Dublin by PM-in-waiting Leo Varadkar, a native son Paris Agreement: US pullout to slow down global action, unlikely to affect India’s efforts The state of Indian cricket, by Ram Guha Don’t criticise EVMs used in recent polls: Uttarakhand HC Dalit outfit to send 16-ft-long soap to Adityanath to ‘clean himself’ Home Technology Gadgets Andy Rubin’s Essential looking to make Google Glass-like smart glasses, reveals patent Andy Rubin’s Essential looking to make Google Glass-like smart glasses, reveals patent Andy Rubin, the father of Android, thinks he can make a better product than Google Glass. Android co-founder's new company Essential Inc may be looking to create a pair of smart glasses similar to Google Glass and Snapchat Spectacles By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 2, 2017 6:20 pm Andy Rubin, the father of Android, thinks he can make a better product than Google Glass. (Image credit: Patently Apple) Related News Andy Rubin’s Essential PH-1 smartphone: How it stacks against Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Galaxy S8+ Android creator Andy Rubin’s ‘Essential’ smartphone, home device unveiled Android co-founder Andy Rubin on why he started ‘Essential’ Andy Rubin, the father of Android, thinks he can make a better product than Google Glass. Android co-founder’s new company Essential Inc may be looking to create a pair of smart glasses similar to Google Glass and Snapchat Spectacles. An old patent filing, discovered by Patenty Apple shows a pair of eyeglasses, with camera and display builtin. The Essential Smart Glasses sports a camera under its ‘dual-mode’ display. Just like Glass Glass, the smart glasses allow users to capture photo and video with a built-in camera. The filing describes the smart glasses would be compatible with prescription lenses, photolenses and sunglass-lenses. Essential is also working on to make augmented reality (AI) to its smart glasses. Essential notes that “Based on the environment that the user sees, and based on the direction of the user’s gaze, the processor can display an image to augment the environment around the user. For example, if the user is looking at a barcode of an item, the processor can display cheaper purchasing options of the same item.” While Google Glass didn’t take off, Andy Rubin might have a better product to offer. In an interview with the Wired, Rubin mentioned that the failure of Google Glass was not due to the tech but because there wasn’t a market for such product.  It’s interesting to hear that Rubin still believes in the smart glasses segment, and the Essential Smart Glasses patent just shows the company’s interest to enter the unexplored territory. If that happens, it just shows how Rubin sees the future hardware that’s tightly connected and integrated to each other.  The head of Essential, his later venture, promises to make cutting edge hardware and software. Rubin’s company recently unveiled a $699 Android smartphone called the Essential. The high-end smartphone is made out of titanium and ceramic and features  a magnetic modular connector on the back to support a range of attachments, including a 360-degree camera and a charging dock. Rubin also unveiled the intelligent assistant device – the Home. Essential Home is a voice-activated smart home device that rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home. The smart hub runs on a new operating system that Rubin calls Ambient OS. More Related News Essential Home with Ambient OS rivals Amazon Echo and Google Home Android creator Andy Rubin’s Essential smartphone: Everything you need to know For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Andy Rubin Essential No Comments. Most Read CBSE 10th result 2017 date and time: Results to release post 12 pm, know all updates here CBSE 10th result 2017: Where and how to check result at cbseresults.nic.in, cbse.nic.in CBSE 10th result to be on Bing search Aishwarya Rai lookalike Sneha Ullal left films due to severe illness, stayed away for 4 years. See photos Dangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club now Best of Express NIA raids 14 places in Kashmir, 8 in Delhi in connection with terror funding Six jawans injured as militants attack army convoy near Qazigund 368 militants neutralised in Kashmir since 2014, says Rajnath Singh OpinionAs US withdraws from Paris pact, it’s time the world recognised the real climate leaders OpinionWhy abolishing triple talaq is critical to creating a New India Buzzing Now EntertainmentWonder Woman movie review: Gal Gadot and her superhero will be a hard act to follow EntertainmentKatrina Kaif will go where I take her, says Salman Khan amid cheers EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club TrendingPM Modi and Vladimir Putin took a walk in the park and Twitterati think they are giving perfect #relationshipgoals TrendingRickshaw puller saved girl from committing suicide; after 8 years, she came back in his life to change it forever Top News CBSE 10th result 2017 to be announced today CBI arrests Lt Colonel, middleman involved in Army transfer racket PM Modi reaches France, to hold talks with President Emmanuel Macron Indian comic scene has serious problems: Sexism, bro-code and just a handful of women SportsNew Zealand, Australia share points after rain SportsThe state of Indian cricket, by Ramachandra Guha Lifestyle(Don’t) Keep Calm and Carry On Lifestyle‘We have digested, held in our bellies so much violence that it is hard to be moral': Arundhati Roy TechnologySony Xperia XZ Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs LG G6: Specifications battle TechnologyApple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Jun 03: Latest News Madras High Court upholds appointment of IIT Madras Director North Korea, cyberattacks and ‘Lazarus’: What we really know Top Gun sequel: Tom Cruise set to return as ‘Maverick’, reveals the film’s title If she has freedom of expression, I have too: Paresh Rawal on Arundhati Roy Sunil Narine stars in West Indies’ six wicket win over Afghanistan                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Cookies at Which? We use cookies to help improve our sites. If you continue, we'll assume that you're happy to accept our cookies. Find out more about cookies OK Skip to main content Skip to search Technology Technology TV & home entertainment TV & home entertainment Televisions Sound bars Home cinema systems PVRs & set-top boxes TV DVD combis Aerials Blu-ray DVD players Internet TV boxes TV providers Editor's picks Best Buy TVs The very best TVs you can buy, including LED, 4K and HDR models from the big brands. Best Buy sound bars Upgrade your TV's sound with one of these fantastic, easy-to-install sound systems. Best Buy internet TV boxes Enjoy catch-up TV, on-demand films and apps with one of these superb streaming boxes. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation Computing Computing Cloud storage tools Laptops Printers All-in-one PCs Antivirus software packages Tablets Ebook readers Wireless routers Shredders Broadband deals Broadband providers Editor's picks Best Buy laptops The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens. Best cheap laptops for under £500 You don't need to spend a fortune to get a great laptop. Best Buy printers Top-quality machines that turn out fast, high quality prints and won't cost a fortune. Get things done Which? Computing magazine Take a trial to the UK's best-selling computing magazine Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpline for jargon-free technical support. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Digital cameras Digital cameras Compact cameras Bridge cameras DSLR cameras Camcorders Action cameras Editor's picks Best Buy digital cameras Take photos you'll want to share with one of these top-quality compact cameras. Best Buy bridge cameras These brilliant bridge cameras take five-star photos in all types of lighting conditions. Best Buy action cameras Whether you're snorkelling or cycling, these are the action cameras worth buying. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Audio Audio Radios Headphones Mini hi-fi systems Wireless & bluetooth speakers Record players and turntables MP3 players Editor's picks Best Buy headphones Enjoy crystal clear sound and well-balanced bass from the best headphones we've tested. Best Buy radios Find a radio with crystal-clear sound that makes tuning in to your favourite stations a pleasure. Best Buy speakers Make the most of your music with one of these fantastic wireless and Bluetooth speakers. Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Phones Phones Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Nuisance calls Mobile phone providers Editor's picks Best Buy mobile phones The best smartphones we've tested, with sharp screens, snappy processors and long-lasting batteries. Apple iPhones vs Samsung mobiles Not sure whether to buy an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy? Our lab test results will tell you which is best. Best Buy cordless phones Top-quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family Get things done Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Car technology Car technology Sat navs Dash cams Editor's picks Best Buy sat navs Get from A to B quicker with these super sat navs from brands such as Garmin and TomTom. How to buy the best sat nav Expert buying advice to help you cut through the jargon and find your perfect sat nav. Best Buy dash cams Avoid buying a dud dash cam by choosing one of these brilliant Best Buys. Get things done Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Find out about the Which? Car Survey Discover how feedback from 60,000 UK drivers helps us steer people to the most reliable cars. Wearable technology Wearable technology Fitness trackers Smartwatches Fitness watches Editor's picks Best Buy fitness trackers Discover the best activity trackers you can buy, from brands such as Fitbit and Garmin. Best Buy smartwatches From smartphone notifications and messaging to activity tracking, these watches do it all. Smartwatch or fitness tracker Use our interactive tool to help you decide whether you need a smartwatch or a fitness tracker. Get things done Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on technology Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband, mobile & TV services Broadband deals Mobile phone providers TV providers Broadband providers Broadband speed test Editor's picks Best broadband providers We reveal the best, and worst, broadband providers, based on feedback from thousands of customers. Best mobile networks overview We reveal what mobile phone users really think of their network - use our results to choose the best network provider. Best TV streaming services Expert buying advice, plus in-depth reviews of Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Sky Now TV. Get things done Solve your computer problems Contact the Which? Computing Helpdesk for jargon-free technical support. Read the latest consumer news The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Smart homes Smart homes Smart home hubs Wireless security cameras Smart thermostats Home automation explained Editor's picks Best Buy wireless security cameras The best smart security cameras we've tested, from brands such as Nest, Belkin and D-Link. Best Buy smart thermostats Keep your home warm and your energy bills in check with one of these Best Buys. Get things done Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - energy Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Home & garden Home & garden Home appliances Home appliances Cleaning Cleaning Dishwashers Carpet cleaners Cordless vacuum cleaners Handheld vacuum cleaners Robot vacuums Steam cleaners Vacuum cleaners Refrigeration Refrigeration Fridge freezers Freezers Fridges Cooking Cooking Built-in ovens Freestanding cookers Range cookers Hobs Cooker hoods Microwaves Halogen ovens Laundry Laundry Washing machines Tumble dryers Washer dryers Editor's picks Top five best cheap washing machines Bag a bargain Best Buy washing machine with our experts' pick of the cheapest on test. Best Buy vacuum cleaners The latest Best Buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless. Tumble dryer buyer's guide Vented, heat pump or condenser? We explain the different types of tumble dryer, with expert advice on choosing the right model for you. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Heating, water & electricity Heating, water & electricity Electricity Electricity Solar panels Batteries Light bulbs Electric blankets Smart meters Rechargeable batteries Energy companies Feed-in tariffs Renewable heat incentive Switch your energy supplier Energy monitors Water Water Best shower brands Water-saving shower heads Heating & cooling Heating & cooling Heating oil Boilers Electric heaters Dehumidifiers Electric blankets Air conditioners Smart thermostats Carbon monoxide detectors Wood burning stoves Boiler servicing contracts Underfloor heating Home heating systems Cutting your energy bills Wind turbines Renewable source heat pumps Home grants Ground source heat pumps Air purifiers Editor's picks Best Buy Boilers We reveal the top-rated boiler brands based on our exclusive surveys of owners and heating engineers. The cost of installing a boiler The cost of installing a boiler is often more expensive than the boiler itself. We reveal what you need to know. Dehumidifiers buyer's guide Our expert guide explains how to choose the right dehumidifier for your home. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Shopping grooming & wellbeing Shopping grooming & wellbeing Personal care Personal care Electric toothbrushes Blood pressure monitors Bathroom scales Sun creams Dentists Opticians stores Laser eye surgery Best painkillers SAD lamps Health accessories Shaving & haircare Shaving & haircare Electric shavers Hair dryers Epilators Beard trimmers and hair clippers Shopping Shopping Best and worst shops Best food and drink Supermarkets Toiletries shopping Black Friday Electrical stores and electrical websites Pet food Editor's picks How to choose the best shower What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models. How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Best Buy electric toothbrushes The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous labs test. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on home & energy Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Garden Garden Gardening tools Gardening tools Strimmers Lawn mowers Chainsaws Hedge trimmers Pressure washers Leaf blowers Garden shredders Secateurs Lawn tractors What to grow What to grow Best vegetables and salad Grow your own Gardening through the year Gardening accessories Gardening accessories Mini greenhouses Barbecues Compost bins Controlled release fertilisers Lawn feeds and weeds Compost Greenhouses Sheds Cat repellents X-hose and other expandable hoses Artificial grass Editor's picks Best Buy lawn mowers Don't get lumbered with an awkward-to-use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead. Hedge trimmer buyer's guide This expert guide explains the different types of hedge trimmer, plus how much you need to spend. Best Buy pressure washers We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden. Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Gardening Helpdesk Find simple solutions to your gardening questions. Small appliances Small appliances Food preparation Food preparation Kitchen knives Bread makers Stand mixers Blenders Toasters Hand blenders Hand mixers Ice cream makers Food processors Fryers Steamers Slow cookers Spiralizers George Foreman grills Small kitchen appliances Unusual kitchen gadgets Drink preparation Drink preparation Coffee machines Filter coffee machines Kettles Blenders Juicers Caring for your clothes Caring for your clothes Steam irons Sewing machines Garment steamers Editor's picks Best Buy coffee machines Don't buy a coffee machine without consulting our list of recommended models. Best Buy food processors Discover which food processors and mini choppers have earned our Best Buy recommendation. Find the best kettle Best Buy kettles are the fastest and quietest you can buy Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy company It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home appliances Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Home improvements Home improvements Renovating your home Renovating your home Fitted kitchens Bathrooms Loft conversions Conservatories Insulation Furniture & fittings Furniture & fittings Burglar alarms & home security Smoke alarms Best mattress brands Best shower brands Double glazing Mattresses Wood flooring Electric showers Mattress toppers Duvets Pillows DIY & home maintenance DIY & home maintenance Drills Damp Screwdrivers Sanders Jigsaws Circular saws Best DIY stores and DIY websites Cleaning products Cleaning products Washing-up liquid Dishwasher tablets Washing powder and laundry detergent Fabric conditioner Carpet stain removers Best cleaning products Limescale removers Get things done Find the right trader Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders. Switch energy supplier Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Know your rights - home & property Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Staying independent at home Staying independent at home Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Stairlifts Assistive technology Adjustable beds Hearing aid providers Bath aids Mobility aids Editor's picks How to get the best hearing aid From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know. Buying and installing a stairlift Discover the average price you should expect to pay for a stairlift and how to get financial help to buy one. Best Buy mobility scooters We've road-tested popular mobility scooters to uncover the best for comfort and ease of driving on different surfaces. Get things done Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on health Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money Money Insurance Insurance Health insurance Car insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Home insurance Dental insurance Legal expenses insurance Income protection & PPI Funeral plans Wedding insurance Editor's picks How to get cheap car insurance Follow our eight steps to drive down the cost of your cover. Best and worst home insurance See which policies come out top based on cover and customer satisfaction. Travel insurance company reviews We've scrutinised 196 policies to find out which companies combine good cover with great customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - insurance Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Tax Tax Income tax Saving on tax National insurance Capital gains tax Inheritance tax Tax credits & benefits Council tax Tax calculator Editor's picks Tax calculator Our easy-to-use tax return tool helps you calculate your annual tax bill, offering tips and tricks to save money, and you can submit your return direct to HMRC. Inheritance tax Find out the latest rules about inheritance tax and how to plan ahead Tax credits Understand the system and what you could be entitled to Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - tax problems and complaints Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Mortgages & property Mortgages & property First-time buyers Home movers Mortgages Buy-to-let Renting a home New-build homes Scottish and Northern Irish property systems Overseas property Editor's picks Mortgage calculators Find out how much you can borrow, what your monthly repayments will be and more. Getting a mortgage Choose a broker, boost your chances of being accepted and compare deals like a pro. Buying a home Understand the entire process, from viewing properties and making an offer to having a survey done and moving in. Get things done Get a great mortgage deal 0800 316 4154 Find the best deal with independent advice from Which? Mortgage Advisers. Get conveyancing support Stay on top of the process with expert guidance and fixed fees. Compare mortgages Search our comparison site for today's best available mortgage deals. Credit cards & loans Credit cards & loans Credit cards Loans Credit scores Debt and how to deal with it Editor's picks Your credit report explained Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters. Tips to finding the best credit card The credit card market is vast and varied. Understand which type of card is right for you. Get things done Compare credit cards rates Find the best credit cards for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Pensions & retirement Pensions & retirement Starting to plan your retirement State pension Company pensions Personal pensions Options for cashing in your pensions You're retired – working on, benefits, equity release Retiring abroad Long term care Which? Elderly Care Editor's picks The state pension Find out when you'll qualify for the state pension and how much you're likely to get The best income from your pension pot Get to grips with the different ways to turn your pension pot into an income. Do you want an annuity, income drawdown, lump sums - or a combination? Calculate and compare income options Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown? Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - pensions Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Learn about elderly care Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care. Savings & Isas Savings & Isas Savings accounts Isas Editor's picks The different types of savings account Understand the pros and cons of your savings options, from instant-access accounts to fixed-rate bonds. How to find the best cash Isa With interest rates lower than ever, use our guide to find a competitive account. Cash Isa rules and allowances Understand all the ins and outs of Isas, including how much you can save and what restrictions they have. Get things done Compare savings accounts and Isa rates Find the best savings accounts and Isas for you with Which? Money Compare. Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Investing Investing Learn how investing works Stock and shares Isas Types of investment Fund supermarkets Financial advice Editor's picks Are you ready to invest? Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets. Do you have the right safeguards in place? How to invest in a stocks and shares Isa Understand your options for tax-efficient Isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions? Fund supermarkets: compare customer satisfaction Choose the right investment broker for your needs with our unique ratings: we sort the best from the worst on a range of measures, from value for money to customer service. Get things done Get help with money matters Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Wills & probate Wills & probate Power of attorney Probate Passing on your money Which? Elderly Care Editor's picks Writing a will Find out how to make a will, either on your own or with the help of a professional. Grant of probate Discover how to get a grant of probate and how the process works if you're doing it yourself. Setting up power of attorney Understand the costs and the forms you'll need to fill in. Get things done Write your will online Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable. Get expert legal advice on probate Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Banking Banking Current accounts Student and graduate bank accounts Switching your bank Best bank accounts Banking security and new ways to pay Editor's picks Best and worst banks Choose the right bank for your needs with our unique customer-satisfaction rankings. Best banks for dealing with fraud Find out how your bank compares when it comes to handling fraud claims. How safe is online banking? Understand how scammers attempt to access your bank account - and how to protect yourself. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on money Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Money-saving tips Money-saving tips Budgeting Saving money Getting a great deal Making money Broadband deals Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants Editor's picks 50 ways to make money Learn how you could pocket an extra £1,000 this year with our comprehensive guide to boosting your finances. Best personal finance software Discover the software packages that are best at helping you manage your money. 10 tips for finding cheap train tickets From splitting your ticket to timing your booking right, find out how to cut the cost of your journey. Get things done Switch energy company Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch. Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - money Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Baby & child Baby & child Baby transport Baby transport Pushchairs Baby carriers and baby slings Child car seats Multimac Baby sun shades Travelling with children Editor's picks Top 10 best child car seats Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit. Best Buy pushchairs Our lab tests and panel of parent testers have revealed the strollers, travel systems and all-terrain buggies that won't let you down. How to buy the best baby carrier or baby sling Expert tips for buying a carrier that keeps you and your baby safe and comfortable. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Nursery & feeding Nursery & feeding Feeding and changing Feeding and changing High chairs Breast pumps Formula milk Baby feeding products Baby changing bags Potty training Nappies Baby wipes Nursery Nursery Baby walkers Baby bouncers Nursery lighting Playpens Nursery furniture Bath and bedtime Bath and bedtime Cot beds Nursery blackout blinds Baby baths Cots Moses baskets and cribs Travel cots Getting baby to sleep Cot mattresses Pregnancy and birth Pregnancy and birth Tens machines Packing for the birth Apps for parents Which? Birth Choice Editor's picks Best Buy high chairs These Best Buy high chairs are sturdy, durable, easy to clean and have useful features, such as effective foot rests. Choosing infant formula milk Which? helps you choose the best formula milk for your child and making bottle feeding easier. Best Buy breast pumps Say goodbye to uncomfortable minutes spent expressing milk. Our tests have revealed the best easy-to-use breast pump models. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Child safety at home Child safety at home Baby monitors Stair gates Digital thermometers Baby safety equipment Head lice and nits Calpol and pain relief Trampolines Editor's picks Best Buy baby monitors These top-rated baby monitors won't let you down when you need them most. The best nit and head lice treatments Head lice leaving your kids scratching their heads? We've surveyed parents to find out which nit treatments work best. How to choose the best stair gate We help you choose a safe and easy-to-fit stair gate in this expert buying guide. Get things done Find the right place for you to give birth Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on parenting Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Shopping & family finances Shopping & family finances Shopping for your baby Shopping for your baby Baby products you need Second hand baby kit Shopping for a new baby Best deals on baby products Family finances Family finances Tax credits & benefits Working parents Working parents Childcare Maternity leave Editor's picks Free and cheap baby stuff What to expect when you are expecting - in the way of freebies and cheap baby-themed goodies. Parents' 10 most useful baby products Parents vote on the most useful baby kit - plus the so-called essentials that will just gather dust. Childcare costs Returning to work? Discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare. Get things done Get help with money matters Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance. Know your rights - shopping Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Know your rights - parenting Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Cars & travel Cars & travel Cars Cars Car reviews Car reviews Estate cars City cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Small cars MPVs Sports cars Convertible cars Luxury cars Fuel-efficient cars Most reliable cars Car brand reviews Car brand reviews Mercedes-Benz Audi Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda BMW Nissan Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen All car brand reviews > Choosing a car advice Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car Car buying tips Choosing between petrol & diesel How we test cars All car advice guides > Car ownership advice Car ownership advice Which? Car Reliability Check Driver calculators & tools Best car tyre brands Best car breakdown cover How to find a good garage All car advice guides > Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track. Know your rights - cars Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Join the conversation on motoring Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Travel Travel Travel essentials Travel essentials Suitcases Cabin bags Travel money Travel health Transport & accommodation Transport & accommodation Airlines and airports Trains Car hire UK hotel chains Consumer rights: flights Consumer rights: car hire Outdoor clothing & accessories Outdoor clothing & accessories Binoculars Outdoor clothing Outdoor accessories Planning your trip Planning your trip Tripadvisor Planning a cruise Travel agents Editor's picks Best Buy suitcases We pack them, drop them, pull them and carry them so you can find a Best Buy that won't let you down. Best and worst car hire There are some awful car hire companies, according to our survey. We reveal the best and name the ones to avoid. Airlines and airports Find out the airlines loved by their passengers, and see ratings for comfort and value for money. Get things done Step-by-step legal guidance on travel Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small. Know your rights - travel Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights. Campaigns Campaigns Safeguard us from scams Fraud is now at record levels - we are urging the government to take the lead and ensure companies safeguard us all from scams. Better banking We don't think banks always treat their customers fairly. Join our campaign to have banks held to account for their customer service. Challenging Whirlpool Whirlpool’s fire-risk dryers continue to pose a potential threat to people’s homes. Join us in challenging Whirlpool to sort this mess out quickly. Train hell Our railways are plagued by delays, cancellations, overcrowding and poor train conditions. Sign our petition to demand better. Fix bad broadband Are you getting the broadband speed you were promised? Use our tool to find out. Better pensions New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions. Nuisance calls and texts Plagued by nuisance calls and texts? Use our tool to report the culprits. Fair energy prices Do you think you pay a fair price for your energy? If in doubt sign our petition. Public service complaints Ever feel like your complaints to GPs or care homes are being ignored? Fuel claims Car makers are claiming fuel figures that are miles from the truth. Sign our petition for car tests you can trust. Fees and charges Do you feel tricked by sneaky fees and charges? Sign our petition to help us put a stop to this practice. Get your voice heard Which? Conversation A community website to share your views on the consumer issues of the day. Consumer Rights An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong. All Campaigns Which? Campaigns Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action. Services Services Consumer advice Consumer advice Consumer Rights Which? University Which? Birth Choice Which? Elderly Care Money Helpline Which? services Which? services Which? Trusted Traders Which? Mortgage Advisers Which? Legal Conveyancing Which? Wills Which? Switch Which? Money Compare Which? Probate Member exclusive Member exclusive Which? Local Computing Helpdesk Gardening Helpdesk More from Which? More from Which? About us About us About us About us What we do & how we work Help / FAQ Press office Which? Policy Which? Consumer insight Which? Directory Careers Contact us Which? membership Which? membership Benefits of being a member Log in News & community News & community Latest news from Which? Which? Conversation Search My account Log in Sign up News All news All news Home & garden Technology Money Baby & child Cars Travel Consumer Rights Technology Get the latest Which? News, on the go The new News app for iPhone and iPad brings you the freshest stories and insights from Which?, every single day By Grace Kindred 2 Jun 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email If you have an Apple iPhone or iPad, it’s now even easier to keep up with the latest consumer news thanks to the new Which? News app. Available now from iTunes, it’s compatible with all Apple devices running iOS 9.0 or later.  Completely free to download and use, the app gives you fresh stories and insights from Which? experts each day, including highlights from our investigations, personal finance tips, new scams to avoid, and updates from our famous product and service testing. You can also save articles for offline reading, which could be handy if you want to save on your mobile data allowance or will be away from a 3G, 4G or wi-fi connection, and you can also share articles with friends and family via email, Facebook and Twitter. While most stories will appear on which.co.uk/news as well, we’ll also be adding the best new videos from the Which? YouTube channel for viewing within the app. And, so you don’t miss out on anything, you have the option to occasionally receive notifications on your device when new stories are published. You can download the Which? News app from iTunes here. We plan to launch a version compatible with Android phones and tablets in the coming weeks. Don’t forget, Which? news stories are also available in the Apple News app installed as standard on all iPhones and iPads – just look for the icon (see left) on your device and then search for ‘Which?’. Which? Reviews app updated Exclusively for Which? members, the Which? Reviews app brings you expert reviews of more than 8,000 products to help you make the right choices when shopping – ideal for when you’re browsing in-store. Recently updated, it’s available for both Apple and Android devices, and allows you to browse offline, so it’s not a problem if you’ve got a poor connection. You can refine product lists by price, Best Buys and Don’t Buys, create buying shortlists, compare features and see the latest prices, availability and retailer information. You can download the Which? Reviews app from the iTunes Store and Google Play. Which? magazine app If you’re a fan of Which? magazine, it’s worth knowing that there’s an interactive digital edition available for tablets and phones. It gives you expert, unbiased consumer advice, in-depth investigations and our Test Lab features, in a jargon-free, easy-to-read format. It’s updated monthly with each new issue of the magazine, and also weekly with our bite-sized digest, called 7-in-7. You’ll need a Which? subscription to read it, but the Which? magazine app brings you all of our content from both current and past editions. And, our cross-edition search tool helps you find what you’re looking for quickly – saving you the effort of having to flip through countless hard copies of the magazine. It also includes interactive Test Lab reports showing you Best Buys and Don’t Buys, plus product and ‘How to’ videos. You can download the Which? magazine app from the iTunes Store, Google Play or, for Kindle Fire tablet users, from the Amazon Appstore. For more app advice, take a look at the eight smartphone apps that make you free money, and our recommended parenting and kids apps. Categories: Technology Tagged as: apps Mobile Tablet Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email Related articles Android co-founder unveils the ‘phone of the future’ Posted on 3 Jun 2017 Technology Want a simple phone? The Doro 6050 comes calling Posted on 2 Jun 2017 Phones Which? uncovers new highest-scoring sound bar Posted on 1 Jun 2017 TV & home entertainment All Technology news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by email Back to top Follow Which? on Facebook Follow Which? on Twitter Subscribe to Which? on YouTube Follow Which? on Google+ RSS Feed Contact us Which? Directory Accessibility Terms & conditions Privacy Cookies MSA statement Which? works for you © Which? 2017
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments | Main | The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze » June 02, 2017 Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging   While consumers appreciate the "fast charging" trend for smartphones, it's really a stopgap solution. Two better ways to extend battery life is for technology companies to adopt Micro-LED displays and perhaps flexible fuel cells which are on the horizon. Unfortunately both are just a few years out. A combination of said solutions would dramatically reduce daily charging. In the 2013 video below, Venture Capitalist John Doer attended a TechCrunch event. In the video between the 4:20 and 5:50 minute mark Doer explained the killer advantage to LuxVue's Micro-LED displays for smartphones. It's a display that's 9X brighter but 90% less power. Instead of trying to discover a new battery, using an Apple Watch or iPhone with a MicroLED display will provide a vastly superior display while only using 10% of the power that an OLED display does today. Now that's promising indeed.     Yole Development's chart below shows us how smartphones, smartwatches, Head Mounted Displays (HMDs), tablets, laptops, monitors and TV's will be adopting this technology starting in 2019 and quickly ramping up over the next eight years.   Smartwatches may be first to utilize this display due to its small display size and some in the industry are paranoid that it'll be Apple to launch this breakthrough display in a modern digital device for consumers.   And you know the display trend is for real when Facebook acquires a Micro-LED company, quickly followed by Samsung and Foxconn-Sharp.   At the same time, researchers at the Korea Institute of Science and Technology (KIST) have succeeded in developing core technologies for new flexible fuel cells. The news out of Korea states that KIST successfully demonstrated the super-lightweight and flexible fuel cell stacks.   The report further noted that "The fuel cell is gaining attention as the next-generation environment-friendly energy source, as it uses hydrogen and air to create electricity without making pollutant by-products, according to KIST. The technologies are expected to be widely used in the wearable device industry.   Flexibility is the catchphrase in the IT industry, as the market for wearable devices — such as smart watches or bands — is growing rapidly across the world."   Apple's R&D teams have been working on adding a battery to the Apple Watch band in various ways in the last year as seen here and here. So the flexible fuel cell would definitely be something of interest to Apple, even if they adopt a micro-LED display in the next few years.   The report further noted that "The new development is raising expectations that fuel cells can replace lithium-ion batteries, which are most commonly used in wearable devices. Scientists have tried to make flexible lithium-ion batteries, but have failed.   For this reason, there have been growing calls for a new energy source that can be flexible, according to KIST.   "The fuel cell comes with a lot of advantages compared with other energy sources in such areas as eco-friendliness and energy storage efficiency," senior KIST researcher Yoo Seong-jong said.   In particular, the scientist expects the drone industry to benefit from the new technologies.   'The flexible fuel cell will extend the duration of a drone's flight by more than three times compared with those equipped with existing batteries,' he said. 'The new development will serve as a stepping stone for the nation to lead the global fuel cell industry.'   The research was published in the NPG Asia Materials scientific journal last week.   Just as a reminder, Apple's research teams have also been exploring fuel cells and in fact updated their original patent for it back in April. While the fuel cells aren't flexible, it at least goes to show us that Apple is working on an alternative energy source for future devices.   The industry needs a breakthrough on the battery front and at least we're able to see viable solutions are in the works that are only a few short years away.   With Samsung jumping on board the micro-LED train, the race will be on with Apple as to which smartwatch will introduce a micro-Display first to market. Apple has had the lead on this next-gen display with LuxVue that Venture Capitalist John Doer praised in the video at the top of our report. So here's to hoping that Apple delivers on this front ahead of the pack.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on June 02, 2017 at 05:12 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Apple invents a new Integrated Microphone and Vibration Sensor to Provide Superior Headset Noise Cancellation Apple Advances their work on a 3D Virtual Character Creation App for Gaming on iDevices, Apple TV & future Headset News of Inventec Winning the Contract for Apple's version of a Home Speaker Device with Siri Resurfaces Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. WWDC 2017: What's Coming at Apple's Big Spring Fling subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Not without a radical bit of battery technology, anyway wrd.cm/2qGyedS Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: GABRIELLE LURIE/AFP/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 06.02.17. 06.02.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am WWDC 2017: What’s Coming at Apple’s Big Spring Fling GABRIELLE LURIE/AFP/Getty Images You can always tell when Apple’s WWDC developer shindig is nigh. Just follow the leaks. A few months before Tim Cook and his executives take the stage to show off what Apple’s software teams have been building for the last year, whispers start to trickle out. The leaks start really flowing a few weeks leading up to the event, and in the last few days before WWDC, the pipes burst, the dam gives, the levee breaks. You get the idea. If the rumors are true (and they usually are), this year’s WWDC will be hardware-focused. This year’s conference, which starts Monday, has Apple at an interesting crossroads. The gadget-buying world is hyped beyond reason for the tenth-anniversary iPhone, but that’s likely not coming until this fall. (Or even later.) Meanwhile, most of Apple’s other products face some headwinds. The MacBook Pro with Touch Bar was met with a resounding meh. The iPad, the supposed future of computing, still can’t find a way to grow. The Apple Watch 2 still needs a killer app. The Apple TV, well, the Apple TV hasn’t exactly blown up the industry the way the folks in Cupertino wanted. Apple Music is losing to Spotify; Siri seems to be running a distant third behind Alexa and Google Assistant. Let’s be clear, Apple’s not doomed. Apple is still dominating the tech world. But there’s still that unshakeable feeling that the company’s moxie may be missing. But Siri-ously All of that may help explain why this year’s Worldwide Developer Conference is shaping up to be the biggest one in years. Siri will almost certainly be the star of the show, as Apple tries to keep up in the raging virtual-assistant wars. Siri will surely have new skills and new integrations, and Apple could even announce wider developer support. Right now, only certain apps can only do certain things with Siri, but opening the platform completely could change things quickly. Meanwhile, Apple’s most exciting new product could be the long-rumored Siri Speaker, Apple’s answer to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. We still don’t know much about the device, but it’ll reportedly be a HomeKit controller, a Siri machine, and an always-on speaker with supposedly superior sound. Throw in some Apple TV remote skills, and we’re really talking. If the rumors are true (and they usually are), this year’s WWDC will be heavily hardware-focused. Apple is reportedly going to announce upgrades to its entire MacBook line, finally getting Intel’s new Kaby Lake processors. The big question: is the MacBook Air still part of the lineup? The much-loved ultrabook has seemed dead for years, especially since Apple announced the super-slim MacBook. But users still love the Air. Rumors about a 10.5-inch iPad Pro have been flying for years now, and like clockwork they’re back again. The new device would supposedly be about the same size as the current 9.7-inch model, but with a smaller bezel. The 10.5-inch screen makes mathematical sense, the bezel-less-ness fits right in with the current trend. But good math doesn’t make good products, and even if it does that doesn’t mean Apple’s announcing this one. Still, we can hope. Oh, and here’s one hardware announcement you can take to the bank: there will be dongles. Soft Reboot After all that, there’s still software, which remains the star of the WWDC show. Apple’s likely to show off the latest for iOS, MacOS, WatchOS, and tvOS, updating the range of its products to work better together and do more stuff individually. Within iOS in particular, you might soon be getting a dark theme for your iPhone, an improved iMessage experience, and lots of new features for photos as Apple fights against Google Photos. There have even been rumors of a big redesign, but that seems less likely with so many other changes coming. Part of the presentation should focus on how all Apple’s different products fit together. Interoperation has always been part of the company’s sales pitch, and it only becomes more important as the rest of the gadget world continues to improve and expand. People want The Whole Apple Experience, or at least they have for a long time. So Apple needs to continue making the case for why you should buy an Apple Watch to go with your iPhone, and why a Mac makes both better. Smart-home control should figure into both answers, as will Siri. One nice thing about Apple is the company doesn’t tend to talk in vague terms about ideas, or plans for the future. It doesn’t offer Ted Talks disguised as product announcements. Tim Cook and The Apples tend to get up on stage and talk about real things happening right now. In a tech world where everything seems to be in flux, and all the best tech is perpetually right around the corner, Apple’s focus on the here and now is genuinely refreshing. But for the last couple of years, at least, it hasn’t been terribly exciting. Let’s see if Apple can get back to blowing minds not with ideas and visions, but gadgets and gizmos. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple apple tv Apple Watch ios iPad iPhone Mac Siri WWDC Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Internet Culture The Internet Defines ‘Covfefe’ Angela Watercutter Gaze Upon Jupiter’s Enormity in This Amazing Fly-By Video Space Gaze Upon Jupiter’s Enormity in This Amazing Fly-By Video Charley Locke String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Virtual Reality String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Nick Stockton Researchers Use Ridesharing Cars to Sniff Out a Secret Spying Tool Surveillance Researchers Use Ridesharing Cars to Sniff Out a Secret Spying Tool Andy Greenberg WWDC 2017: What’s Coming at Apple’s Big Spring Fling Apple WWDC 2017: What’s Coming at Apple’s Big Spring Fling David Pierce Paul Allen Built the World’s Largest Plane to Fling Satellites Into Space aviation Paul Allen Built the World’s Largest Plane to Fling Satellites Into Space Jack Stewart Google Is Already Late to China’s AI Revolution Artificial Intelligence Google Is Already Late to China’s AI Revolution Cade Metz Hack Brief: Dangerous ‘Fireball’ Adware Infects a Quarter Billion PCs Hack Brief Hack Brief: Dangerous ‘Fireball’ Adware Infects a Quarter Billion PCs Andy Greenberg More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear Gear OK, House. Get Smart: Make the Most of Your AI Home Minions Wired Staff Gear Skype Hopes Its Redesign Takes It Beyond Video Chat David Pierce Hack Brief Hack Brief: Dangerous ‘Fireball’ Adware Infects a Quarter Billion PCs gear Nest’s New Security Cam Keeps a Sharp Eye on Your Smart Home Arielle Pardes Internet of Things A Pebble-Shaped Gizmo Helps Keep Your Smart Home Secure Arielle Pardes Virtual Reality String Theory’s Weirdest Ideas Finally Make Sense—Thanks to VR Nick Stockton We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Not without a radical bit of battery technology, anyway wrd.cm/2qGyedS Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Not without a radical bit of battery technology, anyway wrd.cm/2qGyedS Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters Search for: Apple’s Siri Speaker: What We Know So Far By Darren Wall on June 2, 2017 6:25 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip Beginning Monday, June 5, and ending on Friday, June 9, Apple will hold its annual Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose California. At the event, engineers and developers from all over the world will congregate to see what is usually a heavy software itinerary. However, the event in previous years has been the place for Apple to announce certain bits of hardware. As such, this year, the rumor goes, that a Siri Speaker, which is similar to the Amazon Echo and Google Home Smart Assistant’s is due to be announced. Pixaline / Pixabay Siri Speaker What We Know Is the rumor of an Apple Smart Assistant for the home, just rumor? Not according to Bloomberg’s Alex Webb and Mark Gurman. In a recent report, they suggest they suggest Apple’s partners are already manufacturing it. Additionally, rumors of a WWDC announcement are highly likely, although, they do not expect it to release until later this year. So with the prospect of yet another Smart Assitant to choose from for your home. What will differentiate the Siri Speaker from the Amazon Echo, the current market leader? How It Differs From The Competition If you’ve been keeping abreast of the story that is Siri Speaker, you may be thinking; it’s no different. One area, in which many have become confused about is how it deals with sound. Some reports have suggested, like the Echo, it will just respond to voice commands, take and answer questions, play music. And ultimately control your home, most of which is of course accurate. However, the information that we have seen indicates that Apple has been working on the Siri Speaker for two years. As such, you can bet, it won’t be a copy of anything else on the market, with an Apple Logo. As for sound quality, that is supposedly where the differences are said to be compared to the devices already available. What we’ve read indicates that superior microphone and speaker technology will be incorporated. Although, we do not know if this means some kind of Beats Audio technology is going to be, behind that. However, at least virtual surround sound will happen, as well as almost perfect comprehension of a user’s voice. Facial Recognition Now, let’s be clear, Apple itself has released no official information about what the press is dubbing the Siri Speaker. Most of what we’re telling you here come from rumors and supposed insider information. So please take it with a pinch of salt, and continue to read our updates. So, what about facial recognition? It could if the rumors are true, it’s a feature that will detect who is using the speaker. Apparently, this would enable it to customize services to say an adult or child, depending on previously set preferences. As for how this could be expanded upon to give even more functionality, there’s very little details yet. However, we would like to certain safeguards placed into a Siri Speaker, which on facial detection would auto-disable certain features. Right now the predictions indicate, that a master control/administrator would need to pre-input such restrictions. Functionailty Of course, with a name such as the Siri Speaker, there’s no doubt, if this is true that Siri, the one you find on your iPhone or iPad will be present. However. He/she will maybe sound the same, but be fundamentally different, mainly because of the type of device it’s incorporated into. Although what will remain the almost same is its ability to answer questions, the only differentiator will be the scope of question answerable. And of course, the fact that as a home-based smart assistant, the speaker it would serve as a home hub. Meaning that it could act as a gateway for controlling heating, lights, locks, curtains, communication between family members and more. As for additional functions, aimed at interactivity, it could read aloud your emails, text messages, and tweets. Plus, as we’ve seen with other devices, read aloud the news and weather reports for your local area. Other uses could also include the streaming of content via Apple Music, and the easy setup of reminders, the possibilities are almost endless. Built In Camera While it’s clear that any inbuilt facial recognition feature would require a camera, what else could the sensor do? How about stand guard over your home while away, and relay still images, or video to your iPhone? Yes, there are already products which do such a thing. However, they are stand-alone devices, not Smart Assistants like the Siri Speaker. Such functionality could enable the speaker to inform you or the police of intruders and capture all relevant data. Additionally, the monitoring of who comes in and out of your home at unexpected times of the day may be possible. As for the competition, Amazon’s Echo does include a camera; however, it does not have security focussed functionality. While the Google Home device has no camera at all, which for purposes of safety is an oversight, for sure. We think these smart devices should be able to monitor your home while you’re away, that way they double in effectiveness. And ultimately, provide a service which is 24/7 and ultimately worth, the big money, you would undoubtedly be asked to pay. Touch Screen Display According to a recent MacRumors report, Apple’s Marketing chief, Phil Schiller spoke about voice-activated smart speakers. He suggested that the premise of an assistant with only voice input is useless for social media. As such, it’s now thought that the Siri Speaker will feature a touchscreen, much like the Amazon Echo Show. Now, while Schiller, hasn’t come right out and said his company’s smart assistant would have one. It is probably easy to extrapolate Apple’s thinking as a whole on this. As such it’s easy to assume the Siri Speaker will also have a touchscreen display. To further back up the notion of a display. The well-known KGi Securities Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo recently predicted that he believes Apple’s Siri Speaker will include a screen. It’s thought, that Apple will not release a device, that’s behind a competitor is one area of functionality. Price At this moment in time, we have no information about Apple’s pricing plans. However, Analyst Kuo has indicated that he believes the Siri Speaker smart assistant will cost more than the Amazon Echo. That device can currently be purchased for $179, so as a pure guess we would say somewhere in the region of $250 to $300 USD. Which would be more than any home assistant available today. Although with advanced Siri, facial recognition and more, it may be a price worth paying. Tags: Siri Speaker Smart Assistant Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk New Factor Allocator Tool Shows the Value of Factor Investing Sam Zell – Am I Being Too Subtle? A Negotiation Win Interest In “Fiduciary” Reaches All Time High Most hedge funds today are hardly even hedging; they are record net long equities Closing ZOES Short Copyright © 2017 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team
Tech Apple Science Cars Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 WWDC 2017 E3 2017 Prime Day 2017     Apple Obsoletes Several MacBooks And IPhone 3GS June 30 Posted: Jun 2 2017, 5:14am CDT | by Shane McGlaun, in News | Apple     After products are marked obsolete, repairs through official channels disappear Apple is set to make several products obsolete at the end of June and once those products are obsolete, there will be no more repair support at Apple Stores and authorized partners. That means your obsolete devices are effectively unrepairable. 9to5Mac was able to get hands on an internal document outlining specifically what products will be moved to obsolete status come June 30. Don't Miss: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con in Stock Online The change will affect the 11-inch mid-2011 MacBook Air and the 13-inch mid-2011 MacBook Air. There are three MacBook Pro models that are moving to obsolete status as well. Those machines include the late 2011 13-inch, 15-inch, and 17-inch models. The 17-inch mid 2009 MacBook Pro will also be turned obsolete. If you own a first generation AirPort Express 802.11n device it will be moved to obsolete as well. This is the version of the AirPort that was introduced in 2008 and uses the wall socket design. If you are still using an iPhone 3GS in 16GB or 32GB flavors, those smartphones are also moving to obsolete. If you own any of these devices and still use them, you will have to seek repairs through unofficial channels if you need them fixed after the end of the month. This means if you own one of these devices and need a repair, you have a few more weeks to get them done before things get much harder. Interestingly Apple calls some of the obsolete products vintage. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Shane McGlaun Tech and Car expert Shane McGlaun (Google) reports about what's new in these two sectors. His extensive experience in testing cars, computer hardware and consumer electronics enable him to effectively qualify new products and trends. If you want us review your product, please contact Shane. Shane can be contacted directly at shane@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Apple to Use Intel Chips Instead of Qualcomm for iPhone 8 15 hours ago, 10:17am CDT App Store Generated $70 Billion for Developers 1 day ago, 8:04am CDT New MacBook and iPad Model Numbers Surface Ahead of WWDC 1 day ago, 5:48am CDT Apple Siri Speaker Production Underway Tips Rumor 1 day ago, 5:21am CDT ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 5 hours ago 7 Useful Summer Solutions 6 hours ago Father’s Day Gifts That’ll Undoubtedly Impress 6 hours ago, 6:55pm CDT What Do We Need to Make 3D Printing More Available? 13 hours ago, 11:58am CDT Killer Instinct Devs Release New Action Game Extinction Trailer 14 hours ago, 10:47am CDT E3 2017: YouTube Live at E3 Expands to Two Days 14 hours ago, 10:39am CDT E3 2017: Xbox Survey Refers Nintendo SNES Classic Edition 15 hours ago, 10:26am CDT Xbox Game Pass Now Available for All Xbox One Owners 17 hours ago, 8:22am CDT Gravitational Waves Detected Third Time 18 hours ago, 6:54am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Services are Free until 2018 19 hours ago, 5:40am CDT Nintendo Switch Online Service Launches in 2018 for $20 a Year 19 hours ago, 5:32am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch is Playable after 1,000 feet Drop WWDC 2017 Could be Huge   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Lego Nasa Apollo Saturn V Set in Stock on Amazon Apple Apple to Use Intel Chips Instead of Qualcomm for iPhone 8 15 hours ago, 10:17am CDT App Store Generated $70 Billion for Developers 1 day ago, 8:04am CDT New MacBook and iPad Model Numbers Surface Ahead of WWDC 1 day ago, 5:48am CDT Apple Siri Speaker Production Underway Tips Rumor 1 day ago, 5:21am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News ‘WatchBox by Govberg’ App a Timely Father’s Day Find 5 hours ago 7 Useful Summer Solutions 6 hours ago Father’s Day Gifts That’ll Undoubtedly Impress 6 hours ago, 6:55pm CDT What Do We Need to Make 3D Printing More Available? 13 hours ago, 11:58am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 iPhone 8 UK release date, specs and rumours: Everything we know about the next Apple handset Apple All the latest rumours and news about the Apple iPhone 8 Curtis Moldrich @khurtizz Thomas McMullan @thomas_mac 2 Jun 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email The iPhone 7 is great, but it’s not the best phone you can buy right now – instead that title falls to the Samsung Galaxy S8.  Samsung has thrown so many new features at its new flagship phone, but the edge-to-edge ‘Infinity’ screen, a buttonless design, and new AI assistant are the main things you need to know about it. And all those features mean the iPhone 8 is going to have to be seriously good.  See related  Apple Watch 3 UK release date and rumours: Sleep tracking to appear on next smartwatch We’re in June now, which means that the iPhone 8 release date should be in around three months, and we’re hearing more and more rumours about the iPhone 8 every day. To sort out the nonsense from the relatively likely, we’ve sifted through all the latest iPhone 8 rumours, and rounded up the ones you need to know about.  So want to know everything we’re expecting from the iPhone 8? Keep reading.  Everything else we know (and guess) about the iPhone 8 1. There could be THREE new iPhone 8s New rumours suggest those models will be joined by a third, higher-end model. According to a report from the Japanese website Mac Otakara, this new phone will be called the iPhone Edition, in the same way the higher end Apple Watch is called the Apple Watch Edition. Fast Company previously suggested the next iPhone would cost over $1,000, and it’s possible this is the handset its source was talking about. What’s not yet clear, is how the iPhone Edition will be different from the other two handsets. A look at the Apple Watch line-up reveals the only difference between the Apple Watch and Apple Watch Edition models is the use of a high-end ceramic finish, and it’s possible Apple could be bringing the same ceramic finish to the iPhone 8. For the last few years Apple has concentrated in giving consumers more choice – when it comes to colours and finishes at least – so this rumour is certainly viable. 2. We pretty much know the iPhone 8 release date Apple hasn’t announced anything about the iPhone 8 (7s) yet, but we already have a good idea of when it will be released. Apple tends to stick to a pretty rigid timeframe when it comes to iPhones, and a quick look at previous iPhone release dates will give a very good idea of when the next iPhone is due. Apple tends to release an iPhone every year in the last two weeks of September, so we should see the iPhone 7 around this time next year. 3. It should be easier to get an iPhone 8 when it is released A new report by BlueFin Research Partners, and reported on by MacRumors, suggests that Apple will begin making the iPhone 8 earlier than usual – but states that it doesn’t necessarily report to an earlier release date. Instead of changing the release date, it looks like Apple will begin production earlier, this time round, so it has more handsets available when then expected September release date does roll around. 4. The iPhone 8 might not have Touch ID According to renowned Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the iPhone 8 is going to feature a bezel-less display – just like the LG G6 and Samsung S8. That way, Apple will be able to give the new iPhone a larger screen, without making the handset itself larger. However, it looks like the Home button is going to be the first casualty in the new change, and according to Kuo, Apple is set to replace it with a new function area. This new area of screen could work like like the MacBook Pro’s TouchBar, giving users relevant controls when needed, but disappearing altogether when watching something like a movie, for example.  According to  MacRumours, details about "an optical fingerprint sensor to enable authentication directly on the screen" also came during TSMC’s annual Technology Symposium held in Taipei. 5. The iPhone 8 could feature wireless charging This year the iPhone 7 debuted water-resistant capability, something already seen on Android phones for the past few years – and it’s possible Apple will follow the Android crowd with another feature, too. Phones such as the Samsung Galaxy S7 feature wireless charging, and it’s possible Apple will introduce that feature in the next iPhone. Apple tends to wait a while before introducing new technologies, and the introduction of wireless charging could provide a good incentive to get the updated iPhone. 6. The iPhone 8 should cost the same as the iPhone 7 Apple hasn’t changed the price of the new iPhone recently, and that looks set to continue for the iPhone 8 or iPhone 7s. However, that doesn’t mean you won’t end up shelling more for the iPhone 7s: Apple may have kept the prices the same, but it’s also dropped and added storage options over the iPhone range. That’s forced owners to buy a smaller-capacity iPhone – or upgrade to a larger-capacity, more expensive model than before. 7. The iPhone 8 could finally use an OLED screen For the past few years we’ve expected Apple to put an OLED screen in the iPhone, and now the Sharp CEO, Jeng-wu Tai, has pretty much confirmed the iPhone 8 (7s) will have one. Late last year, Tai said: "The iPhone has been evolving and now it is switching from LTPS to OLED panel. We don't know whether Apple's OLED iPhones will be a hit, but if Apple doesn't walk down this path and transform itself, there will be no innovation. It is a crisis but it is also an opportunity." Tai is an executive at Foxconn, the parent company of Sharp, and also the people that make the iPhone – so it’s very likely he’s privy to some serious insider knowledge. 8. The iPhone 8 might have a vertical camera A new report from iDrop suggests the iPhone 8 will have a new, vertical camera. The rumour comes from a Foxconn source, and states that the new iPhone 8 Edition will have a vertical dual-camera, rather than a horizontal one. iDrop says the iPhone 8 will also feature a double camera set up above its screen too. iDrop’s source also says the iPhone 8 won’t have an under-screen Touch ID sensor, but will use an OLED screen, with an edge-to-edge display just like the Samsung Galaxy S8.   Read more about: Mobile phones You are here: Home Apple iPhone 8 UK release date, specs and rumours: Everything we know about the next Apple handset Most Popular Draw the cats of your nightmares using machine learning 24 Feb 2017 Art Future supreme court justice stumped by Reddit meme 22 Mar 2017 Politics i.Con wants to be the Fitbit for your penis 3 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Netflix’s interactive experiment is (a) Good (b) Bad 9 Mar 2017 Netflix This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant 23 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Here's how to get the latest version of Kodi 19 May 2017 Software 20 of the best Raspberry Pi 3 projects 8 May 2017 Raspberry Pi Nvidia’s Max-Q brings GTX 1080 graphics to ultrabooks 2 Jun 2017 Laptops Tesla Model 3: All you need to know 23 May 2017 Cars Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 4 2 Jun 2017 Games Technology Devices, software, wearables and more Snapchat brings its camera Spectacles to the UK Snap’s sunglasses come with an embedded video camera, and can record footage at the touch of a button 2 Jun 2017 Cameras DJI Spark review: Hands-on with the ultimate selfie drone DJI’s compact, follow-me drone is packed with tech – and it’s also great fun to fly 2 Jun 2017 Technology Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 can now run full-fat Windows 10 Qualcomm sticks it to Intel as Microsoft partners up to revolutionise the ultraportables market 2 Jun 2017 Technology Nvidia’s Max-Q brings GTX 1080 graphics to ultrabooks Say goodbye to hulking gaming laptops, Nvidia’s Max-Q has just revolutionised the gaming laptop 2 Jun 2017 Laptops Business How technology is changing your work 7 observations from the IoT World Forum 2017 Cisco’s Internet of Things World Forum was a timely reminder of just how big IoT is… and how much bigger it can get 26 May 2017 Business Just a few days left to apply for Apple's Developer Academy Apple’s first European Academy will be providing training on iOS development to those from a wealth of backgrounds 26 May 2017 Apple Raspberry Pi just extended its reach for young coders Raspberry Pi’s new merger gives it the scope to reach 185,000 children across the globe 26 May 2017 Raspberry Pi Minibrew raises $2.8 million to put a keg in your kitchen Minibrew is a tech-heavy answer to making homemade craft beer 24 May 2017 Startups Science Developments from the frontiers of science Trump pulls out of the Paris climate agreement: The fallout Making friends and influencing people 2 Jun 2017 Environment Elon Musk is about to dump Trump over climate change If the president pulls the US out of the Paris climate agreement, then Musk will cut his ties to the administration 1 Jun 2017 Environment Trump to pull the USA out of the Paris climate change deal 1.5 million Green party voters probably regret their choice right now 31 May 2017 Environment Shape-shifting pasta unpacks itself on your plate Self-folding food could change the way we store and ship the things we eat 31 May 2017 Bioscience Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet Lexus has finally made an exciting hybrid car 1 Jun 2017 Cars BMW CarData: Using your data for good BMW wants to put you in control of your car's data 31 May 2017 Cars Mercedes-AMG Project One hypercar: Everything we know Imagine an F1 car for the road with 1000hp. That's the Project One 31 May 2017 Cars Rolls-Royce Sweptail: A £10 million one-off The Sweptail is like a compilation of the nicest Rolls-Royces 30 May 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 4 Tekken is back with a platter of combos, counters and ludicrous theatrics in Tekken 7 2 Jun 2017 Games Covfefe and the minefield of internet pronunciation How do we decide the best way to say words coined online? 1 Jun 2017 Life & Culture Google wants to help you become an expert in fine art Deeper information on art searches, and a virtual tour of museums 1 Jun 2017 Art Square Enix is reinventing the MMO once again Change is at the heart of Final Fantasy XIV: Stormblood, and it shows the MMO has plenty of life left in it yet 31 May 2017 Games The Future The world of 20 years from now Microsoft has built a holographic display for your glasses Move over HoloLens – this is the future of augmented-reality glasses 22 May 2017 Microsoft Microsoft CEO: It’s a developer's duty to prevent dystopia Microsoft’s CEO highlights Nineteen Eighty-Four and A Brave New World as examples of futures best avoided 11 May 2017 The Future Skyscraper competition gives a glimpse of the future Winners of international competition show utopian visions for futuristic cities 28 Apr 2017 The Future Neuralink: Musk's new plan to turn us into computers Neuralink might be the most sci-fi project yet from Elon Musk 28 Mar 2017 The Future Latest Reviews Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 2 Jun 2017 Games DJI Spark review: Hands-on with the ultimate selfie drone 2 Jun 2017 Technology Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet 1 Jun 2017 Cars Nokia 3310 review: A millennium throwback best left there 1 Jun 2017 Nokia BMW i8 review: Hybrid power redefines the supercar 25 May 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down is happening 24 May 2017 Cars Lightning McQueen is Sphero's best robot yet 24 May 2017 Technology Ford Kuga review (2017): Solid tech in an affordable package 23 May 2017 Cars Huawei MateBook E: A genuine Surface Pro 4 challenger 23 May 2017 Huawei MateBook X: Huawei's new laptop is a MacBook rival 23 May 2017 Laptops Digital breathalysers: Are they worth the money? 18 May 2017 Technology Kobo Aura H20 2017 review – Kindle's waterproof rival 18 May 2017 Tablets Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology From Apple to IBM: How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam US president's decision. By Jason Murdock June 2, 2017 12:06 BST Close Donald Trump announces withdrawal from Paris Climate Accord: 'We're getting out' IBT On 1 June, US president Donald Trump confirmed the worst fears of many United Nations countries, businesses, scientists and technologists: he was pulling out of a landmark deal designed to reduce carbon emissions, mitigate the effects of global warning and generally save planet Earth. Trump said he wanted to renegotiate the terms of the agreement and said the previous deal had resulted in "draconian financial and economic burdens" on the US. Critics, including high-profile technology executives, are now speaking out against the seemingly unpopular decision. In an open letter to the president, 25 firms, including tech giants Adobe, Apple, Google, Facebook, HPE, Intel and Microsoft, had begged Trump to leave the deal intact. "Continued US participation in the agreement benefits US businesses and the US economy," it read. Ultimately, he ignored the warnings of the many. "As someone who cares deeply about the environment, which I do, I cannot in good conscience support a deal that punishes the United States, which is what it does," Trump said in his speech announcing the country's exit. As the dust settled, social media erupted with activity and, behind the scenes, some tech bosses were issuing internal letters to employees. From Apple to Microsoft, a pattern of condemnation emerged. Here is a list of the initial reactions from the biggest technology firms operating today. Tim Cook: "I know many of you share my disappointment." Apple CEO Tim Cook tweeted on 1 June: "Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver." In a more descriptive separate letter to employees, obtained by Axios, Cook wrote: "Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. I want to reassure you that today's developments will have no impact on Apple's efforts to protect the environment." "I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement. I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the US in the agreement. But it wasn't enough. "We're going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses with clean energy [...] knowing the good work that we and countless others around the world are doing, there are plenty of reasons to be optimistic about our planet's future." Pictured (L/R): Apple CEO Tim Cook, Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg, Tesla and SpaceX boss Elon Musk. Each voiced criticism of Paris Accord exit. Credit (L/R): Bernd Thissen/AFP/Getty Images, Reuters Microsoft: "Disappointed with today's decision." Microsoft's president and chief legal officer Brad Smith, known for his lengthy blog posts published via LinkedIn, did not refrain from the topic of climate change. "[The deal] creates new markets for innovative clean technologies, from green power to smart grids to cloud-enabled solutions. And by strengthening global action over time, the Agreement reduces future climate damage to people and organisations around the world. "We are disappointed with today's decision by the White House to withdraw the United States from the landmark, globally supported Paris Agreement on climate change. "We remain steadfastly committed to the sustainability, carbon and energy goals that we have set as a company and to the Paris Agreement's ultimate success. Our experience shows us [...] investments and innovations are good for our planet, our company, our customers and the economy." Satya Nadella, Microsoft's chief executive, added on Twitter: "We believe climate change is an urgent issue that demands global action. We remain committed to doing our part." You can read the full Microsoft statement here. IBM: "It is easier to lead outcomes by being at the table." Unlike its competitors, IBM has chosen to remain at the side of the Trump administration through tough times. Now, it has condemned the decision to abandon the Paris Accord but yet again has declined to use the moment to criticise the US government – a potentially huge customer. In a statement, it said: "Climate change is an international problem that requires an international solution, and we believe it is important for the world to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Therefore IBM supported — and still supports — US participation in the Paris Agreement. "This agreement requires all participating countries to put forward their best efforts on climate change as determined by each country. IBM believes that it is easier to lead outcomes by being at the table, as a participant in the agreement, rather than from outside it." Other executives issued shorter statements via social media. Here is the run-down: Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook: "Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children's future at risk. "For our part, we've committed that every new data centre we build will be powered by 100% renewable energy. Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it's too late." Jack Dorsey, Twitter: "This is an incredibly shortsighted move backwards by the federal government. We're all on this planet together and we need to work together." Sundar Pichai, Google: "Disappointed with today's decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all." Elon Musk, Tesla & SpaceX: "Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH [White House] & via councils, that we remain." Amazon: "Amazon continues to support the Paris climate agreement and action on climate change. We believe that robust clean energy and climate policies can support American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth. We remain committed to putting our scale and inventive culture to work in ways that are good for the environment and our customers." This list will be updated as more comments and statements are released. Trump has a long and established history of climate change denial. In one tweet from 2012, he said: "The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive." More recently, in a 2015 interview, he noted: "I believe in clean air. Immaculate air...But I don't believe in climate change." The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2012 @realDonaldTrump The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the leading climate change body, has said: "Warming [...] is unequivocal, as is now evident from observations of increases in global average air and ocean temperatures, widespread melting of snow and ice and rising global average sea level." Read more on IBTimes UK Technology Fireball malware could spark 'global catastrophe' after infecting 250 million computers Thousands of smartphone apps have been found leaking your personal data Europol wants you to look at these images to help save victims of online predators Related topics : Donald Trump Mark Zuckerberg Apple Facebook Google Twitter Amazon Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Need For Speed Payback reveal trailer (PS4, Xbox One, PC) Columnists Alastair Campbell “If May teamed up with Macron and Merkel, the three Ms could take on Donald Trump READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... Inside the mind of a hacker: Culprit behind leak of 25,000 plastic surgery photos opens up Hacker claims: 'We just want to live a better life, hacking is just... Silicon Valley startup sells 'life preserving' teenager blood to the old for $8,000 a bag Ambrosia offering controversial transfusions that claim to reduce... These are the top five retro gadgets you want to see revived Nintendo Game Boy, Sony Discman and Motorola Razr rank among the... Can you hack Android? Google will pay you $200,000 if you can find a way Bug bounty quadrupled but in the last two years no researcher had... Need For Speed Payback wants players to bet against The House this November Three lead characters take on a cartel in a fictional city based on... Microsoft accidentally releases Windows 10 builds: Here's what Insiders should do The company said it would not be releasing any new builds this week. Using Android? These are the most secure phones according to Google Google published a list of devices that are up to date with its... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Skip to main content area Toggle menus Toggle search Subscribe Give us 30 seconds and we'll give you 6 issues free Search Search Main menu News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers Sections Secondary menu General Election 2017 Article 50 Brexit Islamic State Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May Oil price tablets North Korea builds its own tablet called 'iPad' Jun 2, 2017 Myohyang IT's tablet 'appears to be in breach' of Apple's iPad trademark, say reports whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin email Justin Sullivan/Getty Images An official iPad, designed by Apple North Korean tech firm Myohyang IT has created a portable tablet computer similar to the Apple iPad, reports Gizmodo. See related  Laundroid: The £12,000 washing machine Apple MacBooks to get faster Intel Coffee Lake chip 'next year' Android co-founder unveils Essential smartphone An advert for the tablet, called the Ryonghung iPad, posted on the site says it's powered by a 1.2GHz quad-core processor with 1GB of RAM. It also comes with 8GB of storage and can be connected to a TV through HDMI.  It's significantly underpowered compared to Apple's most recent iPad, which the London Evening Standard says is fitted with 1.85GHz chips and 4GB of RAM. The official iPad also offers triple the internal storage as standard compared with Myohyang IT's version. "The tablet appears to be in breach of Apple's copyright", says the newspaper, as "iPad" is a registered trademark with the Cupertino-based company.  But analysts told the paper that Apple is "unlikely to pursue action" as the Ryonghung iPad "poses little threat to the real thing's market domination".  It's not the first time a North Korean tech company has imitated one of Apple's computers. In 2015, a company released a desktop computer that "looked really similar to an Apple iMac", says Mashable. That same year, a North Korean firm launched a copy of Apple's MacOS system called "Red Star 3.0".  There's no word on which operating system the Ryonghung iPad will run, but the website says it could be powered by "a heavily-neutered form of Android."  Myohyang IT's tablet is not expected to be released outside North Korea.  Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Read more: Technology Apple iPad tablets North Korea You are here: Home tablets North Korea builds its own tablet called 'iPad' View the discussion thread. Related Articles E3E3 2017: Need for Speed Payback, Star Wars and more MotoringTesla Model S Nintendo SwitchNintendo Switch: Classic games launching in 2018 driverless carsAudi targets 2021 for driverless car debut tabletsNorth Korea builds its own tablet called 'iPad' Personal TechLaundroid: The £12,000 washing machine driverless carsDriverless cars: What are the different autonomy levels? Star WarsStar Wars Battlefront 2: Leak shows mysterious Sentinel TRY A FREE ISSUE of The Week Magazine Try Portfolio The experts' guide to good living Tesla Model S Into The Unknown: Explore science fiction at the Barbican Twelve of the best rooftop bars in London Read more Popular North Korea builds its own tablet called 'iPad' Technology Melania Trump: 21 things you may not know about the US First Lady People Charlie Gard: Parents take legal battle for US treatment to Supreme Court UK News Peaky Blinders series 4: When will it arrive on the Netflix and the BBC - and might Samuel L Jackson co-star? Culture The dictator's wife: Who is Asma Al-Assad? World News Trending Topics Islamic State Gold price EU Referendum Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Corbyn Oil price Daily Briefing Ten things you need to know today In partnership with Rolex TV debate sees leaders struck in 'vulnerable spots' Bloomberg says US will keep to climate deal without Trump Conservative candidate charged over illegal spending Read more Our Latest Offers, Competitions and Events SAVE up to £56 on our latest selection from Liberty Wine BOOK NOW for our live debate on The Generation Gap SAVE 30% on tickets to the House & Garden Festival FIND OUT MORE Back to top Facebook Twitter News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers The Week US The WeekDay Privacy RSS Sitemap Contact us Authors About us © Copyright The Week Ltd which is a subsidiary of Dennis Publishing Limited. The Week incorporates The First Post. The Week™ and The First Post™ are trademarks of Felix Dennis. Felix Dennis Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
﻿ Menu  TMG Corporate website Adomonline website Multi-TV website Joy Fm Luv Fm Adom Fm Nhyira Fm Hitz Fm Asempa Fm Services About Us Contact us Advertisements Our Daily Bread Partners Google DW BBC Rancard Zenolive Media Photos Videos Audio Live Radio Live TV Social  RSS Feeds  Facebook  Twitter  Youtube  Google plus  LinkedIn  Instagram Community Sign in Newsletter Download App Features Save a child save a mother HotLine coming soon Events Bridal Fair Old Skuul Reunion Elections More Obituary Mynews Weather Stock Market Menu Classic View Home News Politics Sports Business Entertainment Opinion World Elections Live Radio Watch Live TV Photos Audio Videos Obituary TV More New Mac Pro hardware details will delight youNew Mac Pro hardware details will delight you Source: Forbes Date: 02-06-2017 Time: 10:06:08:am Apple is set to update a number of Mac machines at next week’s Worldwide Developer Conference. The details have been reported by French site Consmac, and relate to regulatory filings made in a Russian-language regulatory filing. Five model numbers for personal computers carrying the Apple trademark are listed. The model numbers registered in this filing are A1289 A1347, A1418, A1419, and A1481. The expectation is that these model numbers represent updates to a number of existing Mac machines rather than Apple recycling the model numbers; A1289 is the older boxlike Mac Pro, A1347 is the Mac mini, A1418 is the iMac, A1419 iMac, and A1481 is the cylindrical Mac Pro The inclusion of significantly older machines like the Mac Pro and the Mac mini clouds the issue of what exactly is being refreshed, but the obvious answer is that some of the Mac machines are going to join the MacBook line-up with an update to use Intel’s Kaby Lake chip architecture. There are already major signals that the three MacBook Pro machines announced in October 2016 will pick up the seventh-generation Intel chipsets. As previously discussed on Forbes, Apple’s decision to release one final iteration of MacBooks in 2016 with the sixth-generation Intel chips has meant the Windows 10 competition captured a lead in terms of specifications over the last six months. Apple has decided to risk upsetting the early adopters with a switch to Kaby Lake very early in this production cycle. The filing also has a new number - A1843 - listed as  a wireless input device and handily referred to as a ‘keyboard’). There’s been less talk of a new Magic Keyboard from Apple, but a recently published patent shows a wireless keyboard with an adaptive input row that matches the design and implementation of the Touch bar, but on a standalone peripheral. For developers to make best use of the Touch Bar it needs to become a primary control area, something that cannot happen with legacy hardware. This new peripheral offers Apple a way to retrofit the Touch Bar to older Mac machines. The WWDC keynote starts at 10am Pacific this Sunday, the 5th of June. Any new or updated hardware should be announced during the expected two-hour long presentation. Keep watching Forbes’ Technology channel for all the news and analysis.   Share this story Leave a comment What others are reading Latest Stories Benjamin Acheampong joins Zamalek Gianluigi Buffon inspired by Cameroon keeper Thomas N'Kono UCL final key battles include Ronaldo vs. Barzagli, Marcelo vs. Dani Alves Baba Rahman’s Schalke move dependent on recovery Novak Djokovic staves off huge upset with five-set win over Diego Schwartzman Video: Ded Buddy teams up with Madonna’s producer for new album Video: Tourism Minister commends Sarkodie for putting Ghana on the map ‘It’s our mandate to investigate Captain Mahama murder’ – IGP Previous article Washing hands in cold water works as well as hot against germs Next article Vice President Bawumia, Alhaji Iddrisu Foundation support 2017 Ramadan Cup LIFESTYLE Who orgasms most and least, and why﻿ ODD NEWS Antisocial woman pretends to be blind for 28 years so she wouldn’t have to greet people AUTOS The Junction Mall Auto Show TECHNOLOGY New Mac Pro hardware details will delight you OBITUARY Mrs. Diana Cynthia NAA AFARLEY SONEKAN ELECTIONS Expansion of electoral college cost NDC 2016 – Alex Segbefia Home News Politics Business Sports World News Opinion More Sections Entertainment Elections Health Odd News Automobile Technology Obituary Media Audio on Demand Photo Gallery Online Radio Videos On Demand Live TV Social RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook Youtube Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Myjoyonline Advertise Online Team Privacy Policy Services Contact us Feedback Our daily bread
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/android-vs-ios-are-iphones-really-safer-1496254475 Technology Android vs. iOS: Are iPhones Really Safer? In a new Apple ad, a thief breaks into “your phone” but struggles to get into an iPhone. Here’s how it plays out in the real world. By Emily Bary May 31, 2017 2:14 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Apple wants to give you a new reason for buying the iPhone. The company’s latest ad campaign features a thief who’s able to break in and steal things from “your phone,” but the line gets drawn -- quite literally -- at an iPhone. In the ad, a thief tries to enter an iPhone space but gets rebuffed and quickly gives up. The iOS versus Android security debate has been playing out for years, but Apple thinks it has enough of an edge now to make it part of the iPhone’s marketing campaign -- a reason for consumers to switch, presumably from an Android device to an iPhone. We wondered how the iOS/Android security question plays out in the real world and dialed up an expert to find out. There are several reasons why iPhones are more secure than the various phones running Android software, according to Mike Johnson, who runs the security technologies graduate program at the University of Minnesota. Johnson has used both Android and iOS devices, but he has an iPhone because of its security edge. For one, the old rule about PC viruses seems to be holding true with mobile phones, as well. Android phones make up more than 80% of the global smartphone market, and hackers are more likely to succeed if they write programs for these devices, just because of sheer numbers. “Criminals are going to target the thing that provides them the most return,” Johnson says. Plus, he says, the process of “patching” security holes is easier on iOS devices. Apple’s iOS operating system only runs on iPhones, while Alphabet’s Android software runs on phones made by numerous manufacturers. It’s more complicated to deliver patches, or bug fixes, that work across so many device makers and carriers. Android can release a patch, but it won’t necessarily be available on all devices right away. “Fragmentation is the enemy of security,” Johnson says. There’s a financial way to measure vulnerability, as well. So-called “zero days” are exploits discovered by hackers and security researchers that remain unknown to the software developer. When developers don’t know about them, they can’t issue a patch. That makes the exploits valuable to the intelligence community, and government agencies will sometimes buy those zero days to monitor suspected criminal behavior. Last year, Wired magazine reported that one security firm was offering up to $1.5 million for the most serious iOS exploits and up to $200,000 for an Android one, a sign that iOS vulnerabilities are rarer. Every device is at risk, Johnson notes, and there will be malicious apps in the App Store in addition to, say, the Google Play store. But, he says, Apple “has the right and edge to say we are more secure,” because its users are ultimately less vulnerable to hacks. Whether the security angle will draw in more users remains to be seen. Ordinary users tend to pay attention to other factors -- like cameras and screens -- when they choose new phones. Both of which are likely to get big upgrades in the next iPhone -- and surely their own ad campaign. More from Barron’s Next Here Comes The iPhone ‘Supercycle’ China’s Waning Loyalty to the iPhone The iPhone 8: Does Price Even Matter? iPad or Surface? Consumers Make Surprising Choice Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular What to Expect from Apple’s Monday Keynote Wall Street Can’t Stop Asking About Fidget Spinners Under Armour’s New Retail Strategy Is Winning Fans Canada Goose Scores A Direct Hit Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 06.02.17 WWDC Preview: Four Platform Upgrades, AI Everywhere, And Maybe A Siri Speaker Get ready for a keynote that will tell us a lot about Apple’s next moves as it takes on Google, Facebook, and other tech giants. By Mark Sullivan7 minute Read Apple’s annual developer conference kicks off this Monday at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, California. The official purpose of WWDC is to keep developers fired up–and well educated–about developing apps and services on and for Apple’s operating systems and platforms. But the event is also a statement about where Apple is in terms of consumer-tech competition on an array of fronts. advertisement New features in the company’s operating systems–iOS, MacOS, WatchOS, and tvOS–will likely dominate Monday’s two-hour keynote presentation. Unfortunately–for preview writers like me, at least–precious few details have leaked about Apple’s plans for the next versions of these platforms. Whatever the specifics of Apple’s announcements on Monday, it’s wise to look at them through the lens of two key strategic themes: artificial intelligence/machine learning and camera-related technologies such as computer vision. Throughout the keynote, we’ll likely hear repeated references to these themes as Apple both pushes its own stated goals in those areas, and responds to competitive pressures from companies such as Google, Facebook, and Microsoft. Some of the new AI features will be presented as Siri assistant functions. I predict you’ll hear Apple people mention the term “Siri” onstage approximately 237 times in 120 minutes at WWDC. Okay, probably less than that, but a lot. iOS (and New iPads?) I’ve heard some smart people say Apple will bake some significant interface changes into its mobile operating system. Though the specifics about iOS 11 haven’t leaked, it makes sense for Apple to focus on improvements to the most popular user-facing functions on the iPhone, the company’s most important product. From Facebook’s Messenger, Instagram, and WhatsApp to Microsoft’s Skype, messaging is a key battleground among the major tech platforms, which are fighting vigorously to get and keep daily users. The more features they build into their messaging environments, the less reasons people have to go outside of them. For instance, last year Apple began allowing users to play YouTube videos and Apple Music songs within the Messages app. Apple also announced new third-party integration possibilities in the iMessage service last year, like the ability to send Square payments and order food deliveries. This year it’s likely to expand the ways third parties can offer goods and services within the app. It may even talk about adding full Apple Pay support in iMessage. At last year’s WWDC keynote, a new version of Messages packed with features designed to help it take on Messenger and Snapchat got plenty of stage time. This year, some Apple watchers believe that the app could get some new image filters a la Snapchat and Facebook Messenger. advertisement The company will likely talk at least a little about Maps, perhaps adding new features that more intelligently understand the user’s intent and the context around map searches. “My expectation is for a number of changes as Apple tries desperately to keep Google Maps within reach,” Above Avalon analyst Neil Cybart wrote in a brief. Apple Music is likely to see some significant design changes, while sticking with its ultra-simple black-and-white-with-big-letters theme. As iPad sales have struggled, Apple has been working both to make its tablet more of a business tool and to make sure it’s relevant in a changing consumer market. So now might be a great time to add a bunch of new features to iOS just for the iPad. This could mean anything from new multitasking and screen-splitting features to a more work-ready Safari browser. Speaking of the iPad, the rumor mill has been working overtime on the rumor that Apple could unveil a new 10.5-inch iPad on Monday that may or may not replace the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. We know very little about the device except that it would have significantly less bezel and more screen space. It would likely also contain a faster chip than the other (9.7-inch and 12.9-inch) models in the Pro line, raising the possibility that Apple could announce chip upgrades for iPads in other sizes. MacOS (and New Macs?) Apple has managed to keep a lid on its plans for the next version of MacOS. Actually, much of the chatter seems to concern whether the company will finally ditch its “California landmarks” nomenclature and call the next version of the OS MacOS 11, which would look nice alongside the new iOS 11. (Apple changed the OS name from OS X to MacOS in 2016 but called the new version “Sierra.”) Lots of people would by very happy if Apple would finally reinvent iTunes. As wireless devices and music distribution models have evolved over the years, the iconic music app looks less and less relevant and intuitive. A redesign might feature Apple Music in a more central role. More likely, Apple will focus more on integrating MacOS with iOS in new ways, as it did last year with a clipboard that let you copy something on your iPhone and then paste it on a Mac. We may also see the company continue to export iOS features to MacOS. It brought Siri to the desktop last year, and there’s plenty of opportunity to make that experience richer. Other iOS features may follow. advertisement We may hear some talk about Mac hardware too. In early March Apple brought a few journalists to its Cupertino campus to say that it’s still devoted to its pro users–people who use their Macs for demanding work, such as the software developers in the audience at WWDC. Apple will probably repeat this message at WWDC. Though the new iMacs and Mac Pro models the company mentioned at that event may be a long ways off, Jason Snell, writing for Macworld, points to rumors that Apple might announce processor upgrades for the MacBook Pro models that were released last fall. There’s also been scuttlebutt about a new version of the 12″ MacBook. tvOS Apple won’t likely spend a lot of time talking about tvOS, but it may crow about a new content agreement that will make a difference to lots of people–a deal to bring the Amazon video app to Apple TV. We’ll also likely see Apple add some new Siri integration to Apple TV to help users find new content without having to click the remote. WatchOS Don’t expect massive differences as the Apple Watch’s software segues from WatchOS 3 to WatchOS 4. Notifications, the control center, and the app dock will likely remain largely the same in form and function. We may see some further emphasis on the Watch as a health device with the addition of new fitness and wellness functions. We’ll likely see some new watch faces and complications. The “Siri Speaker” Rumors have intensified in recent weeks about a new Apple smart speaker device that will look something like Google Home and Amazon Echo. A report by Bloomberg‘s Mark Gurman and Alex Webb on Wednesday said the new device is already in production and will feature “virtual surround sound” courtesy of some fancy speakers and software. If this is true, it may get announced on Monday. The device would act as the vehicle for the Siri assistant in the home, and would act as the front end for several major Apple services (notably Music). You’ll note that I didn’t mention HomeKit in the iOS section above. Well, that platform might end up getting a lot of attention on Monday. The new speaker device could assume a key role at the center of the Apple connected home. For consumers who own smart-home devices that support HomeKit, a speaker could be the go-to natural-language interface for home control. I’m betting we will indeed see the announcement of this product Monday. The popularity and influence of the Amazon Echo is simply too great for Apple to ignore. The risk is that some users might bail out on Apple services such as HomeKit if there’s no ambient way to call them up by talking. Even an announcement far in advance of when the product can actually ship might mitigate that risk somewhat. (Note that Google announced its Google Home speaker at last year’s I/O conference, six months before it shipped.) advertisement Augmented Reality Finally, some people are wondering if Apple will use this year’s WWDC to finally make some nods at augmented-reality features. The company has repeatedly expressed interest in the technology, which superimposes digital imagery over the real world as seen through a camera lens. And some believe Apple is beginning to feel some pressure from rivals like Google that are advancing the technology. One of the new iPhones coming this fall will indeed contain a 3D sensor, my sources say, which could enable the phone to process the real-world images shot by the camera and position 3D digital images in that environment. On the other hand, that 3D sensor could be used in the new phone for some other function, like iris recognition for securely locking the phone. Predicting when or if Apple will announce anything related to AR or VR is risky, but it’s worth acknowledging that such an announcement gets less farfetched every day. The WWDC keynote party begins at 10 a.m. PT/1 p.m. ET on Monday, June 5. You can find Apple’s live stream here. My colleague Harry McCracken and I will be on the ground at the event in San Jose. We’ll be delivering news and commentary throughout the keynote. Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Technology Felix Wants To Help Frustrated Freelancers Get Paid Technology Trump’s Climate Decision Reeks Of Steve Bannon’s Influence Technology The Honeywell Tech That Could Make Flying Cheaper, Faster, Less Bumpy, And More Netflix-y advertisement Video Amazon Could Soon Parachute Your Deliveries--And Other Stories You Might've Missed How The Art World Could Influence Political Opinions Pulling Out Of The Paris Climate Agreement Could Be A Huge Blow To The U.S. Economy Meet The Man (And Network) Behind Your Favorite TV Shows Kushner Ties Could Deter Tenants From Brooklyn's Iconic Watchtower Property Why Uber Might Owe You Money Sarah Michelle Gellar Is Disrupting The Baking Industry This Organization Works To Retain Employees, By Expanding Childcare and Eldercare To Workers You Can Control This Drone With Hand Gestures--And Other Stories You Might've Missed This VR Filmmaker Started Out Selling Avocados and Helping Friends With Record Labels Trump Isn't The First President To Declare War On The Media Why Gwyneth Paltrow Is In Awe Of Women Entrepreneurs Could Ford’s New CEO Get Self-Driving Cars On The Road Faster? How This Fashion Company Incorporates Inclusion For Its Team of 80% Women How Gwyneth Paltrow Pursued Her Passion To Found Goop Ideas Ideas If These Giant Companies Can Switch To The Circular Economy, So Can Anyone Ideas Does The History Of The Doomsday Clock Make You Feel Better Or Worse About Right Now? Ideas By Pulling Out Of The Paris Agreement, Trump Just Threw Away America’s Biggest Business Opportunity Entertainment Entertainment The End Is Here: An Exit Interview With “The Leftovers” Creator Damon Lindelof Entertainment “Fear And Loathing” In The Perfect Pint Video: This Week In Music Entertainment Demetri Martin Made This Movie To Tell a Story The Way He Couldn’t Onstage Co.Design Product This Joystick Floats In Midair (And Controls Your Whole Life) Product WWDC 2017: The Ultimate Test Of Voice Interfaces Cities The Ambitious Project To Study Disasters From Space Fast Company Technology Felix Wants To Help Frustrated Freelancers Get Paid Ideas If These Giant Companies Can Switch To The Circular Economy, So Can Anyone Entertainment The End Is Here: An Exit Interview With “The Leftovers” Creator Damon Lindelof Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming FRUITY RUMOUR Could Apple unveil its iPhone 8 on MONDAY? Analyst claims there could be a surprise WWDC reveal – as well as a look at updated iPads, a 4K TV AND ‘Siri Speaker’ Top tech expert from financial giant JP Morgan thinks Apple fans are in for a BIG treat next week By Jasper Hamill 2nd June 2017, 10:55 am Updated: 2nd June 2017, 11:10 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE annual Apple Worldwide Developers’ Conference begins next week and one expert believes the fruity firm is about to unveil a vast range of new products. Stock analyst Rod Hall, from the top financial services company J.P. Morgan, has written a note to investors that reportedly contains wild claims about Apple’s plans for the WWDC event next week. Reuters 2 Apple boss Tim Cook speaks on stage at WWDC in 2015 Website Apple Insider has seen the briefing document, which says that Apple will unveil the new iPhone 8 and updated iPads. But that’s not all, because the analyst also said tech fans will be able to get a first look at a new Apple TV device which will allow films and programmes to be streamed at 4K as well as an Amazon Echo-style “Siri Speaker, which is said to already be in production. Hall has previously suggested the iPhone 8 will come with a Samsung-style “infinity screen” and incorporate facial recognition technology. Alamy 2 An analyst has claimed Apple will unveil new iPads and iPhones MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE 'YOU NAUGHTY GOBLIN' Scientists say these bizarre chat-up lines are guaranteed to woo ladies - but we're not convinced WAKE UP LAZY 'BOTS! Robotic aliens are in hibernation and preparing for a dramatic return to our universe, boffins say SPECS APPEAL Snapchat Spectacles go on sale for an eye-watering £130 in UK today - from just ONE vending machine TECH IT OUT! From free AirPods for every buyer and rumours of 'leaked photos', these are the latest details for the iPhone 8 AMAZON FREEBIES Amazon Prime Reading will now let you enjoy books, magazines and comics for FREE WALK THE PLANK Free film sharing site ExtraTorrent shuts down as government cracks down on pirates However, other Apple experts advised tech fans to take the claims with a pinch of salt. Apple Insider said “WWDC silly season had begun” and called the rumours “baseless”. The Sun Online understands there is certainly big news on the way from WWDC, we simply cannot say exactly what is in store because Apple observes a strict secrecy policy and never reveals details of its upcoming products. We’ll be covering the WWDC all next week and will bring you all the latest Apple news, rumours and gossip as it happens. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Topics Apple Apple Rumours iPad iPhone 8 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Exclusive lust orders at the bar Boozy couple caught on camera having sex outside busy pub in heart of London's West End while onlookers clap and cheer News Exclusive JUDGE'S GESTURE Simon Cowell will pay for £80,000 back operation for Britain's Got Talent MerseyGirls finalist Julia Carlile TV & Showbiz Exclusive buggy crazy One-year-old baby left alone in her pram next to a bin for more than an HOUR while her parents queued to get on a rollercoaster at Thorpe Park News That's rich One lucky punter scoops mind-blowing £133million EuroMillions jackpot News YON BABY YON Beyonce fans think she's already given birth to her twins after posting this picture of her bump TV & Showbiz Exclusive KHAN SEE EVERYTHING Chloe Khan shows off her Brazilian bum lift on the beach in a wet T-shirt TV & Showbiz private time Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson finally admits she DID have 'secret sex' with Lewis Bloor in the CBB house TV & Showbiz Warning ALL SHOOK UP Man finds his wife’s ‘fidget spinner’ tucked in a drawer… but it's not what it seems Living Latest CONCERT 'TERROR' EVACUATION More than 80,000 fans evacuated from German music festival Rock am Ring after terror cops warn of 'concrete threat' News Investigation THE RICH TWIST We expose more than 100 super-rich celebs involved in £700m tax relief scheme including David Beckham, Robbie Williams and Geri Horner News Exclusive AU VIP-AIR Charlotte Church places anonymous advert to find nanny for 'VIP family' but gives her identity away with blatant clues TV & Showbiz MIDNIGHT MIME? 5 After Midnight accused of miming new single on Britain’s Got Talent TV & Showbiz Video NO HOLDEN BACK Amanda Holden ditches her underwear AGAIN for sexiest outfit yet on BGT - but viewers blast her for 'dressing like a STRIPPER' TV & Showbiz Belgian brilliance Manchester United to sign top Belgian scout who discovered Kevin De Bruyne and Thibaut Courtois Football Exclusive 'Now or Never' Antoine Griezmann snubs Jose Mourinho's ultimatum as Manchester United's top summer target agrees new Atletico Madrid deal Football Just Published YOU'LL WANNA CRY Leaked NSA cyber-weapon could spark global hack attack 'on scale of WannaCry', experts fear Tech WAKE UP LAZY 'BOTS! Robotic aliens are in hibernation and preparing for a dramatic return to our universe, boffins say Tech ALL WORK AND NO PLAYSTATION... PS4 games will soon be on smartphones, so you can sneakily play them in the office Tech 'YOU NAUGHTY GOBLIN' Scientists say these bizarre chat-up lines are guaranteed to woo ladies - but we're not convinced Tech LOST IN TRANSLATION Samsung's voice assistant Bixby has been delayed because it 'can't speak English' Tech Especsially exciting Get the lowdown on Snapchat Spectacles as secret vending machine launches in TODAY Tech QUITE A SPECTACLE Sun Online tried out Snapchat's £130 camera-equipped (and imaginatively named) 'Spectacles' at today's UK launch - here's our verdict... Tech THEY'VE CRACKED IT! New 'miracle material' 200 times stronger than steel could spell the end of smashed smartphones Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple app store Apple has paid developers over $70 billion since the App Store launched in 2008 By Shawn Knight on Jun 1, 2017, 2:30 PM TechSpot Apple on Thursday announced that it has paid out over $70 billion in earnings to developers since the launch of the App Store in 2008. As 9to5Mac highlights, a $70 billion payout to developers would put around $30 billion in Apple’s pocket based on the company’s standard 70/30 revenue split. Downloads have also grown more than 70 percent over the past 12 months, we're told. Of the 25 app categories in the App Store, Apple said the Gaming and Entertainment categories are the top-grossing. The Photo and Video category is among the fastest-growing at nearly 90 percent growth over the past year although both the Health and Fitness category and Lifestyle apps have grown more than 70 percent during the same period. Active paid subscriptions are also on the rise now that the model is available to developers across all app categories. Such subscriptions are up 58 percent year-over-year, Apple said. Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, described the $70 billion payout as “simply mind-blowing.” He added that they are amazed at all of the great new apps developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at the Worldwide Developers Conference. Speaking of, Apple is set to host its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference next week. The keynote kicks off on June 5 at 10 a.m. PT with festivities running through June 9. Most expect Apple to preview iOS 11 and the latest version of macOS at the event. It’s also likely that we’ll get a look at watchOS 4, tvOS 11 and perhaps a new iPad. Related Reads New Apple TV coming in October with App Store, Siri search Apple will soon be removing outdated, broken apps from the App Store Apple removes malware-infected apps that sneaked onto the App Store Post a comment 48 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Logitech updates high-end mice: MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S Microsoft co-founder shows off the world's biggest plane Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Product Finder scores 86 Apple iPhone 7 88 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 87 Apple iPhone 6s Popular 27 comments Intel Core X vs. AMD Ryzen Threadripper: What we know so far 26 comments Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Konkan village hopes its cheers are heard in Dublin by PM-in-waiting Leo Varadkar, a native son Paris Agreement: US pullout to slow down global action, unlikely to affect India’s efforts The state of Indian cricket, by Ram Guha Don’t criticise EVMs used in recent polls: Uttarakhand HC Dalit outfit to send 16-ft-long soap to Adityanath to ‘clean himself’ Home Technology Tech News Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones Apple has announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will now offer a new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. It's great for beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple's programming language to build apps. By: IANS | San Francisco | Updated: June 2, 2017 3:18 pm Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app,allowing kids to programme and control popular devices. (Source: Screenshot) Related News Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs Apple registers new MacBooks, iPads ahead of WWDC 2017 Tech giant Apple has announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will now offer a new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is great for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple’s intuitive programming language for building apps. “More than one million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Software Engineering. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favourite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn,” added Federighi. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to programme and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS EV3, Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store starting from June 5. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10 or even later versions. More Related News From India to Silicon Valley, how June software cashed in on Apple’s success Apple iPhone 8 news schematics leaked, size compared with Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Apple iPad No Comments. Most Read CBSE 10th result 2017 date and time: Results to release post 12 pm, know all updates here CBSE 10th result 2017: Where and how to check result at cbseresults.nic.in, cbse.nic.in CBSE 10th result to be on Bing search Aishwarya Rai lookalike Sneha Ullal left films due to severe illness, stayed away for 4 years. See photos Dangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club now Best of Express NIA raids 14 places in Kashmir, 8 in Delhi in connection with terror funding Six jawans injured as militants attack army convoy near Qazigund 368 militants neutralised in Kashmir since 2014, says Rajnath Singh OpinionAs US withdraws from Paris pact, it’s time the world recognised the real climate leaders OpinionWhy abolishing triple talaq is critical to creating a New India Buzzing Now EntertainmentWonder Woman movie review: Gal Gadot and her superhero will be a hard act to follow EntertainmentKatrina Kaif will go where I take her, says Salman Khan amid cheers EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club TrendingPM Modi and Vladimir Putin took a walk in the park and Twitterati think they are giving perfect #relationshipgoals TrendingRickshaw puller saved girl from committing suicide; after 8 years, she came back in his life to change it forever Top News CBSE 10th result 2017 to be announced today CBI arrests Lt Colonel, middleman involved in Army transfer racket PM Modi reaches France, to hold talks with President Emmanuel Macron Indian comic scene has serious problems: Sexism, bro-code and just a handful of women SportsNew Zealand, Australia share points after rain SportsThe state of Indian cricket, by Ramachandra Guha Lifestyle(Don’t) Keep Calm and Carry On Lifestyle‘We have digested, held in our bellies so much violence that it is hard to be moral': Arundhati Roy TechnologySony Xperia XZ Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs LG G6: Specifications battle TechnologyApple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Jun 03: Latest News Madras High Court upholds appointment of IIT Madras Director North Korea, cyberattacks and ‘Lazarus’: What we really know Top Gun sequel: Tom Cruise set to return as ‘Maverick’, reveals the film’s title If she has freedom of expression, I have too: Paresh Rawal on Arundhati Roy Sunil Narine stars in West Indies’ six wicket win over Afghanistan                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 1:14 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 1:14 A.M. ET Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 1:13 A.M. ET Updated Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 1:13 A.M. ET Updated How to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own life and home 6/02 This is your brain on stocks 6/02 Updated Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market 6/02 Updated No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America 6/02 Updated Blue Apron: 5 things to know as the $2 billion startup goes public 6/02 Trump weighing whether to block Comey testimony to Senate 6/02 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 6/02 Updated Retail carnage continues as sector loses jobs for fourth straight month 6/02 Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors 6/02 Updated Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? 6/02 RH may be taking a step back, but it’s setting itself up to compete with Amazon 6/02 Updated An industry icon explains how Enron’s fall sparked the ETF explosion 6/02 ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom 6/02 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 6/02 Updated Trump Today: President mum on blocking Comey testimony as Russia hearing nears 6/02 5 top airline booking mistakes and how to harness solar power without solar panels 6/02 Updated Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Mark Hulbert Get email alerts Opinion: This is the most recommended U.S. stock By Mark Hulbert Published: June 2, 2017 8:33 a.m. ET Share This tech company — and it’s not Apple — tops newsletter ‘buy’ lists Getty Images By MarkHulbert Columnist Apple is not the U.S. stock that is currently recommended by the greatest number of newsletter editors. Believe it or not, it’s IBM IBM, -0.41%  , which for years has represented in many investors’ eyes the kind of old, stodgy and washed-up company that nimble firms like Apple AAPL, +1.48%  run circles around. But a surprisingly large number of market-beating newsletters editors I monitor think that view is unfair. In essence, they argue that IBM is a growth company that trades like a value stock. Many of the newsletter editors credit IBM’s “Watson” for much of the company’s growth potential. Gray Cardiff, editor of the Sound Advice newsletter, describes Watson as IBM’s artificial intelligence “super computer that can ‘think’ like a human.” Notes Cardiff: “Watson cognitively scans a world of data and applies relevant information to what it learns about a company’s business and systems to create new revenue streams, reduce expenses, and make existing operations more efficient. We have only begun to see and imagine the uses of artificial intelligence. IBM is the leader in that field and on a solid path to provide a growing abundance of opportunities in the months and years ahead.” John Buckingham, editor of the Prudent Speculator newsletter, adds that “the growth opportunity for the company’s Strategic Imperatives is high. Watson continues to impress with deployments in Health Care, Internet of Things and Financial Services.” Despite such optimism, IBM stock in out of favor and trades solidly in the value camp. Its price/earnings ratio based on trailing 12 months’ earnings is 12.6, compared to almost double that for the S&P 500 SPX, +0.37%  . IBM’s P/E based on estimated earnings for the next 12 months is even lower, at 11.1. The newsletter editors also are impressed with IBM’s high dividend yield — 3.9% currently — that provides investors with a nice cushion during the time those editors think it could take for the rest of the market to discover the stock’s potential. Also impressive to them is that, with IBM’s recent 10-cent increase in its quarterly dividend, the company has now raised its dividend in each of the last 22 years. Kelley Wright, editor of Investment Quality Trends, bases his recommendation of IBM on its dividend yield. In fact, he calculates that the stock wouldn’t become overvalued until it’s trading at $462 — which represents more than a triple from where IBM is trading today. Moreover, each of these advisers recommending IBM has a market-beating track record. John Buckingham’s Prudent Speculator, for example, has beaten the broad stock market by 1.7 percentage points annualized over the past 30 years. Though my performance monitoring service has been tracking Gray Cardiff’s and Kelley Wright’s newsletters for less time, they also have beaten the market: Wright’s market-topping margin over the past 20 years annualized is 2.6 percentage points, while Cardiff’s over the past 15 years is 1.7 points. For the record, I should emphasize that the newsletter editors I monitor don’t actively dislike Apple. Many are recommending it also. They just like IBM more. Read: Has Apple’s stock finally run out of steam? For more information, including descriptions of the Hulbert Sentiment Indices, go to The Hulbert Financial Digest or email mark@hulbertratings.com.   More from MarketWatch This is the most recommended U.S. stock Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References IBM -0.62 -0.41% AAPL +2.27 +1.48% SPX +9.01 +0.37% Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America WSJ Privacy Test: Who Can See Your Personal Data? Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Mark Hulbert Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. MarketWatch Partner Center Mark Hulbert Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $152.05 -0.62 (-0.41%) Volume 3.4M Open $153.07 High $153.20 Low $151.80 P/E Ratio 12.51 Div Yield 3.95 Market Cap 143.4B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 798.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy Kerala temple organises iftar party for 500 Muslims, offers vegetarian feast to foster religious harmony NBC journalist Megyn Kelly asks Narendra Modi if he is on Twitter, causes online outrage Game of Thrones: Harvard introduces course based on George RR Martin's books and HBO TV show Japanese company releases 'false groping accusation benefit' for men to fight sex-pest claims Scientists discover Australian plant extract that can kill Zika virus more from #Apple Will technology portfolios still lead the US stocks? WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon's Alexa Online music streaming service Spotify could be listed on the stock market in the coming year Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple has added robots, and drones to Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app By IANS /  02 Jun 2017 , 15:11 #Apple Image: Reuters Tech giant Apple has announced that Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app for iPad, will now offer a new way to learn to code using robots, drones and musical instruments. Swift Playgrounds is great for students and beginners learning to code with Swift, Apple’s intuitive programming language for building apps. “More than one million kids and adults from around the world are already using Swift Playgrounds to learn the fundamentals of coding with Swift in a fun and interactive way,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Software Engineering. “Now they can instantly see the code they create and directly control their favourite robots, drones and instruments through Swift Playgrounds. It’s an incredibly exciting and powerful way to learn,” added Federighi. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to programme and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS EV3, Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store starting from June 5. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10 or even later versions. Publish date: June 2, 2017 3:11 pm| Modified date: June 2, 2017 3:11 pm Tags: App Store, Apple, Coding, Craig Federighi, drones, Musical instruments, robots, Swift, WWDC, WWDC 2017 Also read WWDC 2017: 40 percent increase in the income of Apple’s app developers New renders showcase upcoming Apple iPhone 8 alongside Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphones X Recommended For You Will technology portfolios still lead the US stocks? WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon’s Alexa New renders showcase upcoming Apple iPhone 8 alongside Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphones WWDC 2017: 40 percent increase in the income of Apple’s app developers Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Revenge Porn Jun 3, 2017 New laws for revenge porn to be introduced: We have a look at some of the required changes #Ministry of Finance Jun 3, 2017 Mobile-friendly webpage of Ministry of Finance launched by Arun Jaitley #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Mumbai Metro Jun 3, 2017 Mumbai Metro to tie-up with Google to provide details about service #satellite Jun 3, 2017 Mongolia to launch its first satellite on June 4 #Bitcoin Jun 3, 2017 Bitcoin attracts Mrs Watanabe; expected to go mainstream in Asia SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 1:14 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 1:14 A.M. ET Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 1:13 A.M. ET Updated Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 1:13 A.M. ET Updated How to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own life and home 6/02 This is your brain on stocks 6/02 Updated Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market 6/02 Updated No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America 6/02 Updated Blue Apron: 5 things to know as the $2 billion startup goes public 6/02 Trump weighing whether to block Comey testimony to Senate 6/02 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 6/02 Updated Retail carnage continues as sector loses jobs for fourth straight month 6/02 Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors 6/02 Updated Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? 6/02 RH may be taking a step back, but it’s setting itself up to compete with Amazon 6/02 Updated An industry icon explains how Enron’s fall sparked the ETF explosion 6/02 ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom 6/02 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 6/02 Updated Trump Today: President mum on blocking Comey testimony as Russia hearing nears 6/02 5 top airline booking mistakes and how to harness solar power without solar panels 6/02 Updated Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Mark Hulbert Get email alerts Opinion: This is the most recommended U.S. stock By Mark Hulbert Published: June 2, 2017 8:33 a.m. ET Share This tech company — and it’s not Apple — tops newsletter ‘buy’ lists Getty Images By MarkHulbert Columnist Apple is not the U.S. stock that is currently recommended by the greatest number of newsletter editors. Believe it or not, it’s IBM IBM, -0.41%  , which for years has represented in many investors’ eyes the kind of old, stodgy and washed-up company that nimble firms like Apple AAPL, +1.48%  run circles around. But a surprisingly large number of market-beating newsletters editors I monitor think that view is unfair. In essence, they argue that IBM is a growth company that trades like a value stock. Many of the newsletter editors credit IBM’s “Watson” for much of the company’s growth potential. Gray Cardiff, editor of the Sound Advice newsletter, describes Watson as IBM’s artificial intelligence “super computer that can ‘think’ like a human.” Notes Cardiff: “Watson cognitively scans a world of data and applies relevant information to what it learns about a company’s business and systems to create new revenue streams, reduce expenses, and make existing operations more efficient. We have only begun to see and imagine the uses of artificial intelligence. IBM is the leader in that field and on a solid path to provide a growing abundance of opportunities in the months and years ahead.” John Buckingham, editor of the Prudent Speculator newsletter, adds that “the growth opportunity for the company’s Strategic Imperatives is high. Watson continues to impress with deployments in Health Care, Internet of Things and Financial Services.” Despite such optimism, IBM stock in out of favor and trades solidly in the value camp. Its price/earnings ratio based on trailing 12 months’ earnings is 12.6, compared to almost double that for the S&P 500 SPX, +0.37%  . IBM’s P/E based on estimated earnings for the next 12 months is even lower, at 11.1. The newsletter editors also are impressed with IBM’s high dividend yield — 3.9% currently — that provides investors with a nice cushion during the time those editors think it could take for the rest of the market to discover the stock’s potential. Also impressive to them is that, with IBM’s recent 10-cent increase in its quarterly dividend, the company has now raised its dividend in each of the last 22 years. Kelley Wright, editor of Investment Quality Trends, bases his recommendation of IBM on its dividend yield. In fact, he calculates that the stock wouldn’t become overvalued until it’s trading at $462 — which represents more than a triple from where IBM is trading today. Moreover, each of these advisers recommending IBM has a market-beating track record. John Buckingham’s Prudent Speculator, for example, has beaten the broad stock market by 1.7 percentage points annualized over the past 30 years. Though my performance monitoring service has been tracking Gray Cardiff’s and Kelley Wright’s newsletters for less time, they also have beaten the market: Wright’s market-topping margin over the past 20 years annualized is 2.6 percentage points, while Cardiff’s over the past 15 years is 1.7 points. For the record, I should emphasize that the newsletter editors I monitor don’t actively dislike Apple. Many are recommending it also. They just like IBM more. Read: Has Apple’s stock finally run out of steam? For more information, including descriptions of the Hulbert Sentiment Indices, go to The Hulbert Financial Digest or email mark@hulbertratings.com.   More from MarketWatch An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References IBM -0.62 -0.41% AAPL +2.27 +1.48% SPX +9.01 +0.37% Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America WSJ Privacy Test: Who Can See Your Personal Data? Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Mark Hulbert Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. MarketWatch Partner Center Mark Hulbert Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $152.05 -0.62 (-0.41%) Volume 3.4M Open $153.07 High $153.20 Low $151.80 P/E Ratio 12.51 Div Yield 3.95 Market Cap 143.4B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 798.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Lionel Messi plans to open theme park based on himself in China Billed as 'the world's finest theme park' by its backers, who claim it will offer, 'the most cutting-edge technology, enabling visitors to immerse themselves in all things Messi' Ben Chapman Friday 2 June 2017 10:35 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The Messi Experience Park, set to open its doors in early 2019, will have more than 20 attractions based around the Barcelona superstar Getty Not content with being perhaps the best footballer of all time, Lionel Messi is now taking on Disney by opening his own theme park in China. The Messi Experience Park, set to open its doors in early 2019, will have more than 20 attractions based around the Barcelona superstar.  The park will use virtual and augmented reality to re-run the highlights of his career and take people through training sessions with a VR Messi. Read more Lionel Messi lookalike almost ends up in Iranian prison The new attraction is planned by a consortium of Chinese firms and will be developed with the help of the footballer’s image rights company, Leo Messi Management, and Spanish production company Mediapro. The group has billed the new attraction as “the world's finest theme park” and says it will offer: “the most cutting-edge technology, enabling visitors to immerse themselves in all things Messi by combining the latest-generation attractions with the very best advances in content and multimedia attractions.” The park will “immerse visitors in Messi's universe, combining the latest attractions with spaces to take part in the top sport”, the companies said in a statement. Read more Messi the 'best of all time' claims Suarez Five things we learned from Real Madrid vs Barcelona Bloodied Messi seals thrilling clasico victory at the death for Barca Launching the venture during a trip to China, Messi said he hoped it would inspire a new generation of footballers in the country. He told reporters: “I hope to provide them the experience they never had before and to inspire them to pick up the sport early on. Hopefully, they will feel that I am around when visiting the park.” Mediapro will run the theme park with Chinese broadcaster Phoenix Group. Business picture of the day 29 show all Business picture of the day 1/29 UK car production slumps by nearly a fifth in April as timing of Easter bites - Thursday May 24 UK car manufacturing plummeted by almost a fifth in April, as the timing of Easter ate into the number of production days in the month. Reuters 2/29 Marks and Spencer reports slump in profit hurt by clothing sales and cost of new food stores - Wednesday 24 May High street stalwart Marks and Spencer has reported a more than 60 per cent fall in pre-tax profit in the year to the end of March, hurt by a decline in clothing sales and higher costs from opening new food stores. Pre-tax profit came in at £176.4m for the year, while sales were broadly steady at £10.6bn. Food revenue was up 4.2 per cent. Reuters 3/29 Apple named world’s most value company in tech-dominated Forbes ranking - Tuesday 23 May Tech behemoth Apple has been named the most valuable brand in the world for a seventh consecutive year. The highly-regarded ranking, compiled by Forbes magazine, puts the iPhone makers’ brand value at $170bn, a 10 per cent increase on figure for 2016 and well ahead of second-placed Google, whose brand value has risen $19.3bn from last year to just under $102bn, according to Forbes. Tech peer Microsoft nabbed third spot, with a value of $87bn, followed by Facebook at $73.5bn. Consumer goods giant Coca-Cola rounds out the top five with a value of $56.4bn. Reuters 4/29 Diamond ring bought for £10 at car boot sale expected to fetch £350,000 at auction - Monday 22 May A large, diamond ring is expected to fetch £350,000 at auction 30 years after its owner paid £10 for it at a car boot sale, thinking it was a costume jewel. The “exceptionally-sized” stone was presumed not to be real because 19th Century diamonds were not cut to show off their brilliance like today's gems. And so the owner, unaware of its value, wore it for decades, while doing everything from the shopping to the chores. PA 5/29 $110 Basquiat sold by Family who bought it for $19,000 - Friday 19 May Jean-Michel Basquiat’s painting of a skull sold for $110.5 million at Sotheby’s in New York, setting an auction record for American artists and providing a windfall for the daughter of two collectors who purchased it for $19,000 in 1984. Getty Images 6/29 Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One announces 117 new episodes - Friday 19 May The company that owns the Peppa Pig brand has announced that it is producing 117 new episodes for the popular children’s cartoon. The new series will air from spring 2019 and take the total number of Peppa Pig episodes to 381. Getty 7/29 Property tycoon who banned 'coloured people because of curry smells' faces legal action - Thursday 18 May A buy-to-let tycoon who banned “coloured people” from his properties “because of curry smells” is facing legal action brought by the equality watchdog. Millionaire Fergus Wilson, who reportedly owns close to 1,000 properties in Kent, sent an email to a local letting agency informing them of the ban. Commission chief executive, Rebecca Hilsenrath, said: “We have asked the court if it agrees with us that Mr Wilson’s lettings policy contains unlawful criteria and, if so, to issue an injunction. “As this is now formal legal action we will release further information at a later date.” Gareth Fuller/PA 8/29 Nestlé foiled by Cadbury as it loses bid to trademark KitKat bar - Wednesday 17 May KitKat-maker Nestlé has been foiled again, after a UK Court of Appeal ruled that the consumer goods giant cannot trademark the shape of its popular four-fingered chocolate bar. The ruling is the latest in a long running legal battle between the Swiss-based company and its rival Cadbury. Nestlé argues that the KitKat’s shape is “iconic” and should be protected by law but Cadbury objects. On Wednesday, the Court of Appeal ruled in favour of Cadbury, dismissing the claim. iStock 9/29 Yorkshire is the best region in the UK for workplace happiness - Tuesday 16 May The best region in Britain for workplace happiness and satisfaction is Yorkshire and the Humber, according to new research. London only managed to make it to number five for happiness and came bottom for work satisfaction, according to research commissioned by recruitment agency Robert Half. The findings may give pause for thought to many workers in the capital putting up with sky-high property prices in the hope of landing their dream job. 10/29 Andy Murray funds company behind world's first foldable bike helmet - Monday May 15 He may be almost unbeatable on the tennis court, but how will Andy Murray fare in the world of investing? On Monday, a company that claims to make the world's first folding bike helmet announced that the tennis pro was one of more than 400 individuals who had helped it raise nearly £700,000 on crowdfunding platform Seedrs. Morpher’s bike helmets fold and unfold, meaning that they can easily be slipped into a bag when not in use, catering to cyclists who find normal helmets cumbersome to carry around. Morpher 11/29 Morrisons will sell 'wonky avocados' for just 39p from Monday as demand hit record levels - Friday May 12 Morrisons will start selling deformed avocados at a third of the average cost of normally-shaped ones as growing demand and reduced harvests from major producers has pushed up prices in recent weeks. The supermarket said on Friday that it would start selling the misshapen and superficially blemished fruits for 39p each or £2.40 a kilogramme in the majority of its stores across the UK starting from 15 May until the end of the summer. Morrisons claims that its offer is the cheapest on the UK market and compares to an average retail price of £1.05 apiece, which is up from 98p last year. Morrisons 12/29 Unilever develops technology to prevent billions of plastic sachets from entering into oceans - Thuesday 11 May Unilever, the consumer goods giant behind brands such as Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Marmite, is making a big push toward more sustainable packaging. The company sells billions of products in single-use sachets each year, including cosmetics and food products, particularly in developing and emerging markets. It says that it has now developed new technology to recycle them, which will prevent packaging from ending up in our oceans or in landfill. Through a system called CreaSolv Process, the plastic from the sachets will be recovered and then used to create new ones for Unilever products – creating a full circular economy approach. Unilever 13/29 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 14/29 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 15/29 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 16/29 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 17/29 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 18/29 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 19/29 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 20/29 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 21/29 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 22/29 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 23/29 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 24/29 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 25/29 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 26/29 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 27/29 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 28/29 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 29/29 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty It will feature 46,000 sq metres of indoor facilities, as well as 12,000 sq metres of “garden game areas” and 25,000 sq metres of public space. Messi, who has been crowned the world’s best footballer a record five times, will be hoping his latest venture adds to his huge fortune built up from a string of other commercial deals and a multi-million pound salary. The Argentine was the second-highest paid sportsperson in the world last year, banking $81.4m (£63m), according to Forbes. That amount left him just behind Real Madrid rival Christiano Ronaldo, who took home $88m. More about: Lionel Messi China theme parks Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 1:14 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 1:14 A.M. ET Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 1:13 A.M. ET Updated Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 1:13 A.M. ET Updated How to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own life and home 6/02 This is your brain on stocks 6/02 Updated Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market 6/02 Updated No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America 6/02 Updated Blue Apron: 5 things to know as the $2 billion startup goes public 6/02 Trump weighing whether to block Comey testimony to Senate 6/02 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 6/02 Updated Retail carnage continues as sector loses jobs for fourth straight month 6/02 Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors 6/02 Updated Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? 6/02 RH may be taking a step back, but it’s setting itself up to compete with Amazon 6/02 Updated An industry icon explains how Enron’s fall sparked the ETF explosion 6/02 ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom 6/02 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 6/02 Updated Trump Today: President mum on blocking Comey testimony as Russia hearing nears 6/02 5 top airline booking mistakes and how to harness solar power without solar panels 6/02 Updated Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Mark Hulbert Get email alerts Opinion: This is the most recommended U.S. stock By Mark Hulbert Published: June 2, 2017 8:33 a.m. ET Share This tech company — and it’s not Apple — tops newsletter ‘buy’ lists Getty Images By MarkHulbert Columnist Apple is not the U.S. stock that is currently recommended by the greatest number of newsletter editors. Believe it or not, it’s IBM IBM, -0.41%  , which for years has represented in many investors’ eyes the kind of old, stodgy and washed-up company that nimble firms like Apple AAPL, +1.48%  run circles around. But a surprisingly large number of market-beating newsletters editors I monitor think that view is unfair. In essence, they argue that IBM is a growth company that trades like a value stock. Many of the newsletter editors credit IBM’s “Watson” for much of the company’s growth potential. Gray Cardiff, editor of the Sound Advice newsletter, describes Watson as IBM’s artificial intelligence “super computer that can ‘think’ like a human.” Notes Cardiff: “Watson cognitively scans a world of data and applies relevant information to what it learns about a company’s business and systems to create new revenue streams, reduce expenses, and make existing operations more efficient. We have only begun to see and imagine the uses of artificial intelligence. IBM is the leader in that field and on a solid path to provide a growing abundance of opportunities in the months and years ahead.” John Buckingham, editor of the Prudent Speculator newsletter, adds that “the growth opportunity for the company’s Strategic Imperatives is high. Watson continues to impress with deployments in Health Care, Internet of Things and Financial Services.” Despite such optimism, IBM stock in out of favor and trades solidly in the value camp. Its price/earnings ratio based on trailing 12 months’ earnings is 12.6, compared to almost double that for the S&P 500 SPX, +0.37%  . IBM’s P/E based on estimated earnings for the next 12 months is even lower, at 11.1. The newsletter editors also are impressed with IBM’s high dividend yield — 3.9% currently — that provides investors with a nice cushion during the time those editors think it could take for the rest of the market to discover the stock’s potential. Also impressive to them is that, with IBM’s recent 10-cent increase in its quarterly dividend, the company has now raised its dividend in each of the last 22 years. Kelley Wright, editor of Investment Quality Trends, bases his recommendation of IBM on its dividend yield. In fact, he calculates that the stock wouldn’t become overvalued until it’s trading at $462 — which represents more than a triple from where IBM is trading today. Moreover, each of these advisers recommending IBM has a market-beating track record. John Buckingham’s Prudent Speculator, for example, has beaten the broad stock market by 1.7 percentage points annualized over the past 30 years. Though my performance monitoring service has been tracking Gray Cardiff’s and Kelley Wright’s newsletters for less time, they also have beaten the market: Wright’s market-topping margin over the past 20 years annualized is 2.6 percentage points, while Cardiff’s over the past 15 years is 1.7 points. For the record, I should emphasize that the newsletter editors I monitor don’t actively dislike Apple. Many are recommending it also. They just like IBM more. Read: Has Apple’s stock finally run out of steam? For more information, including descriptions of the Hulbert Sentiment Indices, go to The Hulbert Financial Digest or email mark@hulbertratings.com.   More from MarketWatch This is the most recommended U.S. stock Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 An Amazon engineer is letting people trade stocks with $50,000 of his own money Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References IBM -0.62 -0.41% AAPL +2.27 +1.48% SPX +9.01 +0.37% Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America WSJ Privacy Test: Who Can See Your Personal Data? Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Mark Hulbert Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. MarketWatch Partner Center Mark Hulbert Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $152.05 -0.62 (-0.41%) Volume 3.4M Open $153.07 High $153.20 Low $151.80 P/E Ratio 12.51 Div Yield 3.95 Market Cap 143.4B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 798.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Saturday June 3, 2017 News Local News Larger / SmallerNight Mode Bonnells Bay Public School parent anger over KOFM's Apple for the Teacher competition Helen Gregory@HGregory_Herald 2 Jun 2017, 7 p.m. Bonnells Bay Public School parents angry over KOFM's Apple for the Teacher competition. Winner: Shelley Sneath received 349,673 votes to win KOFM's Apple For The Teacher competition. Parents said she was "exceptional" and had helped many students improve. Picture: Bonnells Bay Public School Facebook page. Local Business A RADIO station competition intended to honour an outstanding educator has split parents at a Hunter school, as some say they “feel deceived” over the prize for their winning teacher and that their children were robbed of iPads. Hunter radio station KOFM awarded Bonnells Bay Public School year three teacher Shelley Sneath a glass trophy after she won its Apple for the Teacher competition last week with 349,673 votes. But some parents have lodged complaints with the Department of Education, saying the school led them to believe Ms Sneath and students in her class would directly receive much bigger rewards: a trip to New York City and their own iPads. If the students won t-shirts or chocolate bars they would not have to share them with everyone. - Bonnells Bay parent “We feel deceived,” one parent said. “It’s so confusing for our eight-year-olds to understand.” The department and the parents and citizens committee have defended the move to award the trip and iPads to the whole school instead, saying parents were kept informed of changes to the competition. KOFM posted on its Facebook page on May 1 the teacher “with the most votes will win big with a trip to New York City. Every child in their class will also win an Apple iPad mini each”. A spokesman for the Department of Education said it contacted KOFM on May 2 to explain its code of conduct, which includes that prizes of significant monetary value are usually considered property of the department. The spokesman said it also discussed “the issue of equity with the distribution of iPads” and “how these issues could be resolved with any prizes going to the winning teacher's school as a whole”. “The winning teacher, Ms Sneath, has always understood she is not in a position to accept the prize personally,” he said. KOFM group content director Mike Byrne said teachers not being able to accept prizes “was not something that was on our radar” when the station committed to the competition. “We thought, do we continue, do we still do this, or do we bail out?” Mr Byrne said. “We decided to go ahead with this change [to award the trip to the school]. “We made that very clear on air and in our correspondence. We’ll adjust how we do things in the future. It’s a bit disappointing, but understandable.” Mr Byrne said he had believed the iPads would still go to students in Ms Sneath’s class. The station’s posts from May 3 said the “winning teacher will have the honour and prestige of being crowned best teacher and the school will score a trip to New York City and Apple iPad minis for the class”. The school posted on its own Facebook page on May 15 that “each child in the class will receive an iPad if [Ms Sneath] wins”. The spokesman said the school then advised parents on May 17 “if Ms Sneath won, the prizes would benefit the school as a whole”. It said the school issued a newsletter and flyer that said it could win “lots of iPads”. But some parents said this wording did not adequately communicate the changes. They said the school did not specify how the prizes would be distributed until May 25, the day before the station visited the school. Parents received a letter that day that said the school would hold a raffle to determine the winner of the New York City trip. "The money raised… will be split equally between the John Hunter Hospital paediatric oncology unit and the school,” it said. The letter also said the class set of iPads would be shared between all pupils. “The iPads will be an amazing asset for our school,” the letter said. “As Miss Sneath teaches 3S, they will be using the iPads on a regular basis. “They will become a school resource available to other classes as well.’’ One parent said she was “ropeable”. “They knew how much we were voting,” she said. “I had the kids voting as I was cooking dinner and I was voting to midnight after I put the kids to bed. I had my workmates voting, others had family overseas voting. “We wanted Shelley to have a holiday. Also, there are lots of families in that class who can’t afford an iPad and we thought it would be a fantastic thing for our children. They were told they were getting that iPad. “If we had known [about the changes], we would still have voted, but not as extensively as we did. “We just want them to right this terrible wrong.” Another parent said Ms Sneath’s class should have been asked what to do with the prizes. “The station handed the iPads to each student and said ‘These are yours to keep’ but they then had to hand them back,” the other parent said. “If the students won t-shirts or chocolate bars they would not have to share them with everyone. I think the Department of Education has seen what a bonus this is for the school.” Principal Karin Hird is understood to have written to the parents who complained to the department to say she would respond to their concerns “in due course”. Bonnells Bay P&C president Kylie Whitelam said it was unfortunate some parents had misunderstood the rules, but said she felt they had been “black and white”. “Everyone reads into things differently and is entitled to their own opinion, but there was no doubt in my mind that the prizes were going to the school,” she said. “Our amazing teacher has received recognition and the school has received positive publicity, but this was a community competition and this is a community gift to benefit all the children.” Ms Sneath wrote in the newsletter she was “truly humbled by the support and excitement that surrounded our school”. “It was fantastic to see everyone out enjoying the morning,” she wrote. “I would like to thank the parents in my class who nominated me and the parents in the wider school community that supported me through the whole process. “Special mention also must go to my colleagues and the executive team for their support throughout the competition. “Lastly, I would like to thank all of the BBPS students and in particular my class. “Thank you for making every day an exciting learning adventure.” Local Business Latest News Edwards proud despite Rebels defeat in CRL final Eels v Warriors | photos Storm v Knights | photos Geelong v Adelaide | photos College slammed for backing pelvic ‘slings’ Editor's Picks Pasha Bulker memories flood back | photos A gentle man who endured with dignity The Elf on the Shelf in the Hunter | PHOTOS Popular Pasha Bulker memories flood back | photos WATCH LIVE: NHRU - Merewether VS Maitland Hearts are locked and loaded Searching for some Hunter hearts of gold A whole lotta love hearts Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Hunter’s best restaurants in pictures | photos CHECK out the top picks from our Weekender diners. Look inside a 120-year-old restored cottage Florrie's Cottage was saved from demolition and has been turned into a romantic getaway. Eels v Warriors | photos Parramatta Eels snare win over New Zealand Warriors Storm v Knights | photos Melbourne Storm defeated the Newcastle Knights 40-12. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport 90Minutes Red and Blue HQ Tipping Competition Soccer NRL National Sport AFL Basketball Tournaments Racing Form Fishing Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Opinion Liz Love Eats Out Column of the Day GREG RAY: Pictures of the Past Community Events Photo Sales Competitions Business Listings Newspapers in Education Forms Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature The Man on the Street Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Hunter Health Kick Kilgour Prize Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Theatre Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive The Herald TV Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 1:14 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 1:14 A.M. ET Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 1:13 A.M. ET Updated Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 1:13 A.M. ET Updated How to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own life and home 6/02 This is your brain on stocks 6/02 Updated Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market 6/02 Updated No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America 6/02 Updated Blue Apron: 5 things to know as the $2 billion startup goes public 6/02 Trump weighing whether to block Comey testimony to Senate 6/02 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 6/02 Updated Retail carnage continues as sector loses jobs for fourth straight month 6/02 Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors 6/02 Updated Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? 6/02 RH may be taking a step back, but it’s setting itself up to compete with Amazon 6/02 Updated An industry icon explains how Enron’s fall sparked the ETF explosion 6/02 ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom 6/02 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 6/02 Updated Trump Today: President mum on blocking Comey testimony as Russia hearing nears 6/02 5 top airline booking mistakes and how to harness solar power without solar panels 6/02 Updated Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Mark Hulbert Get email alerts Opinion: This is the most recommended U.S. stock By Mark Hulbert Published: June 2, 2017 8:33 a.m. ET Share This tech company — and it’s not Apple — tops newsletter ‘buy’ lists Getty Images By MarkHulbert Columnist Apple is not the U.S. stock that is currently recommended by the greatest number of newsletter editors. Believe it or not, it’s IBM IBM, -0.41%  , which for years has represented in many investors’ eyes the kind of old, stodgy and washed-up company that nimble firms like Apple AAPL, +1.48%  run circles around. But a surprisingly large number of market-beating newsletters editors I monitor think that view is unfair. In essence, they argue that IBM is a growth company that trades like a value stock. Many of the newsletter editors credit IBM’s “Watson” for much of the company’s growth potential. Gray Cardiff, editor of the Sound Advice newsletter, describes Watson as IBM’s artificial intelligence “super computer that can ‘think’ like a human.” Notes Cardiff: “Watson cognitively scans a world of data and applies relevant information to what it learns about a company’s business and systems to create new revenue streams, reduce expenses, and make existing operations more efficient. We have only begun to see and imagine the uses of artificial intelligence. IBM is the leader in that field and on a solid path to provide a growing abundance of opportunities in the months and years ahead.” John Buckingham, editor of the Prudent Speculator newsletter, adds that “the growth opportunity for the company’s Strategic Imperatives is high. Watson continues to impress with deployments in Health Care, Internet of Things and Financial Services.” Despite such optimism, IBM stock in out of favor and trades solidly in the value camp. Its price/earnings ratio based on trailing 12 months’ earnings is 12.6, compared to almost double that for the S&P 500 SPX, +0.37%  . IBM’s P/E based on estimated earnings for the next 12 months is even lower, at 11.1. The newsletter editors also are impressed with IBM’s high dividend yield — 3.9% currently — that provides investors with a nice cushion during the time those editors think it could take for the rest of the market to discover the stock’s potential. Also impressive to them is that, with IBM’s recent 10-cent increase in its quarterly dividend, the company has now raised its dividend in each of the last 22 years. Kelley Wright, editor of Investment Quality Trends, bases his recommendation of IBM on its dividend yield. In fact, he calculates that the stock wouldn’t become overvalued until it’s trading at $462 — which represents more than a triple from where IBM is trading today. Moreover, each of these advisers recommending IBM has a market-beating track record. John Buckingham’s Prudent Speculator, for example, has beaten the broad stock market by 1.7 percentage points annualized over the past 30 years. Though my performance monitoring service has been tracking Gray Cardiff’s and Kelley Wright’s newsletters for less time, they also have beaten the market: Wright’s market-topping margin over the past 20 years annualized is 2.6 percentage points, while Cardiff’s over the past 15 years is 1.7 points. For the record, I should emphasize that the newsletter editors I monitor don’t actively dislike Apple. Many are recommending it also. They just like IBM more. Read: Has Apple’s stock finally run out of steam? For more information, including descriptions of the Hulbert Sentiment Indices, go to The Hulbert Financial Digest or email mark@hulbertratings.com.   More from MarketWatch Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Quote References IBM -0.62 -0.41% AAPL +2.27 +1.48% SPX +9.01 +0.37% Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America WSJ Privacy Test: Who Can See Your Personal Data? Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Mark Hulbert Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. MarketWatch Partner Center Mark Hulbert Mark Hulbert has been tracking the advice of more than 160 financial newsletters since 1980. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $152.05 -0.62 (-0.41%) Volume 3.4M Open $153.07 High $153.20 Low $151.80 P/E Ratio 12.51 Div Yield 3.95 Market Cap 143.4B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $155.45 +2.27 (+1.48%) Volume 27.2M Open $153.58 High $155.45 Low $152.89 P/E Ratio 18.18 Div Yield 1.62 Market Cap 798.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 03, 2:23 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology A North Korean iPad? Apple's Trademark Being Used In Pyongyang, Violating Copyright By Rishabh Jain On 06/02/17 AT 4:49 AM Close A state-owned North Korean company is advertizing a locally made tablet under the copyrighted name of Apple’s flagship tablet, the iPad, NK News reported citing the North Korean Foreign Trade magazine in which an ad for the tablet was published. "Ryonghung iPad is now popular among customers. It can perform a range of functions such as reading different sources of digital information, office work and documentation. And it also has more than 40 apps. The iPad has been certified by the local GMP system, and highly appreciated at the third national sci-tech festival and the national intellectual property products show in 2016," it continued. GMP stands for "Good Project Management" the copy read, ironically mentioning the product, which violates Apple’s copyright, was presented at a show with ‘intellectual property’ in its name — the National Intellectual Property products show. Read: iPad Pro 2017 Specs: 10.5-inch, 12.9-inch Models Have Different Mic Placement As Per Leaked Cases The tablet specs include a 1GHz CPU, 512MB RAM, 8GB internal memory, 16GB external Memory, an eight-inch screen and a battery, which the company claims lasts for 6 hours. Apple’s iPad comes with a warning against violating copyrights, which hasn’t made any difference to North Korea. “You may not use or register, in whole or in part, Apple, iPod, iTunes, Macintosh, iMac, or any other Apple trademark, including Apple-owned graphic symbols, logos, icons, or an alteration thereof, as or as part of a company name, trade name, product name, or service name except as specifically noted in these guidelines,” the company’s guidelines for its trademarks and copyrights read. “iPad” is mentioned as a registered Apple trademark on its website. To use the term on any products, manufacturers in any part of the world generally need to ask Apple’s permission to use the term for any products. The company is yet to respond on the breach of its copyright. Apple does have a history of taking other companies to court for the violation of its copyright. The company has fought a long patent war with Samsung and is currently suing Qualcomm over being forced to pay extra loyalties. With its history of litigiousness, it would be a surprise, if Apple does not take up the matter. That being said, this is not the first time North Korea has violated American copyrights, or even the first time it has infringed Apple’s products. The country uses a national Linux-based operating system, called the Red Star OS, which is suspiciously similar in its design to Apple’s OSX operating system. Read: North Korea Ready To Attack US? Pyongyang Sourced IRBM Engine Likely From Ukraine Or Russia, Report Says North Korea’s state-run economy generally does not follow international trade or intellectual property rules and therefore has become a grey market for very similar, copyright-infringing adaptations of products from major brands. The Ryonghung tablet was launched in North Korea in 2013, but at that time it was called “Ryonghung-trademarked tablet computer.” In 2015, the tablet was disassembled by a North Korean defector and it was found the memory chip was manufactured by SK Hynix, which actually makes chipsets for Apple products Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories iPad Pro 2017 Models Have Different Mic Placement iPad Pro 2: 5 Expected Features Recommended Business Oil Prices, Production And 5 More Things To Know About OPEC From its humble beginnings to its global clout, these are things everyone should know about this market-moving cartel. Technology How Wearing Shoes Indoors Can Make You Sick Wearing shoes indoors is fairly common, but it turns out you’re trekking more than just dirt onto the carpet. World Cancer Found In Teen’s Bones At Witch Hill A teen buried in a trash pile at an abandoned human settlement called Witch Hill had bone cancer, and archaeologists don’t know why the child was put there. National Trump Administration Returns CIA Torture Report The returned copies are of a 2014 report which focused on the harsh interrogation techniques used by CIA during the time of President George W. Bush. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch App Store Earnings for Developers Exceed $70 Billion→ Linked By John Voorhees Apple announced today that since it launched in 2008, developers have earned over $70 billion from the App Store. People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers," said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” According to Apple’s press release, subscriptions saw a 58% increase year over year, fueled by their availability in all 25 app categories. Games and Entertainment are the App Store’s top grossing categories, Lifestyle and Health and Fitness apps have experienced 70% growth, and the Photo and Video category is up over 90%. Apple’s press release also highlights the addition of iMessage apps and stickers with iOS 10. The timing of Apple’s press release is interesting coming just days before WWDC, its annual developer conference. Developer earnings have historically been covered as part of the WWDC opening-day keynote. One possibility is that this is a sign that the usual keynote updates are being compressed this year to make room for more product and operating system announcements than usual. Source: businesswire.com Tags: app store, developers ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch Swift Playgrounds to Integrate with Real-World Devices→ Linked By Ryan Christoffel Apple announced in a press release today that its Swift Playgrounds app for iPad would soon be able to connect with and control real-world devices. Apple is working with leading device makers to make it easy to connect to Bluetooth-enabled robots within the Swift Playgrounds app, allowing kids to program and control popular devices, including LEGO MINDSTORMS Education EV3, the Sphero SPRK+, Parrot drones and more. The Swift Playgrounds 1.5 update will be available as a free download on the App Store beginning Monday, June 5. Since the primary purpose of Swift Playgrounds is education, today's announcement serves as a solid next step toward making coding fun and interesting for children. And the timing is fitting too. Expanding the capabilities of Swift Playgrounds with a 1.5 update Monday is a perfect kickoff to Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference, where the app was first introduced last year. Source: apple.com Tags: education, Swift ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Feature Report Series Sport Optimised Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica Infinite Loop — Apple may debut Alexa competitor with “virtual surround sound” technology at WWDC You'll probably have to wait until late 2017 to buy the Siri-powered smart speaker. Valentina Palladino (US) - Jun 2, 2017 7:27 am UTC Enlarge reader comments 34 Share this story Ahead of Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference next week, a report from Bloomberg suggest the company could announce a long-rumoured, Siri-controlled smart speaker. "People familiar with the matter" told Bloomberg that the device could be revealed as early as WWDC, but likely would not ship until later this year. Further ReadingGoogle Home review: A step forward for hotwords, a step backward in capability Details about the speaker are slim, but the report states the Siri-controlled smart speaker will have "virtual surround sound technology" and integration with Apple's existing product lineup. This would be Apple's first device to compete with Amazon's Echo and Google's Home, both of which are vessels for each company's virtual assistant. Sources say Apple has been developing the speaker to be louder than its competition and to produce crisper sound overall. The device may also include "sensors that measure a room’s acoustics and automatically adjust audio levels during use." In addition to keeping up with Amazon and Google, a Siri-controlled speaker would also likely serve as a smart home hub for Apple HomeKit products. Currently only Apple TVs and iPads can fully control HomeKit lights, door locks, and other devices, so a home-based speaker would be a logical addition to a household already equipped with HomeKit products. The Bloomberg report also suggests a smart speaker from Apple could encourage loyal Apple Music subscribers to stick with the service. In the wake of slowing iPhone sales, services like Apple Music, which costs users £10 per month, have become more important to Apple. Neither Amazon Echo or Google Home officially support Apple Music, so this speaker would be the only at-home smart speaker that Apple Music subscribers could use to access their streamable music. Further ReadingAmazon Echo Show: Alexa-powered touchscreen speaker launches June 28 The design and price of Apple's speaker will be telling. Amazon has evolved the Echo family over time to include the original cylindrical speaker, shorter disk-like speakers, and most recently the touchscreen-equipped Echo Show that can make voice and video calls. Sources told Bloomberg that Apple's device won't have a display, so it may look more akin to the original Echo or Google Home. At £130, Google's device undercut Amazon's speaker on price when it first debuted, but there's no word on how much Apple's smart speaker could cost at launch. This post originated on Ars Technica Valentina Palladino Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks. Twitter @valentinalucia reader comments 34 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Today on Ars RSS Feeds Newsletters View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica US Contact Us Staff Advertise with us About Us Condé Nast UK Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Contact Us  |  © Condé Nast UK 2017.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Betting on three themes in current valuation: Jigar Shah, Kimeng Securities Bullish on 4 stocks among financials: Daljeet Singh Kohli, IndiaNivesh GMR Infrastructure pares gross debt by 47%, stock soars Market awaiting direction from RBI and the rain gods Market awaiting direction from RBI and the rain gods Infra stocks rally on debt reduction Ravi Narain steps down as NSE vice-chairman Are investors worried over Adani Power bonds? Rupee zooms to 1-week high of 64.44 against dollar Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 02 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,273135.70 NIFTY 50 9,65437.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,905253.0 USD/INR 64.44-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Confused where the market is headed? Turn to Buffett wisdom By Rahul Oberoi , ETMarkets.com| Updated: Jun 02, 2017, 01.40 PM IST READ MORE ON » Warren BuffetttechnologyMarketFedExCharlie Mungercash flowApple Buffett says investors will do fine if they hold good businesses and “never look at short-term market moves.” Guru, guide and god – these are the words the investing community uses to describe billionaire investor Warren Buffett. Every single word from the ace investor is taken as prophetic and every action as a cue on investing. When Buffett talked about aviation stocks in his letter to shareholders this past February, aviation suddenly became a sector of investor interest. Everyone wanted to know why he suddenly started betting on a sector that looked all doom and gloom till the previous day. Buffett fans say his actions carry deeper messages, and his words are wisdom of life. We tried to decode some of them: Mistakes are part of life, accept it Whether it is you, me or Mr Buffett, anyone can make a mistake. The investment guru himself admitted this year that he was wrong to think International Business Machines Corp “would do better” when he amassed 81 million shares of the company six years ago. Berkshire recently sold about one-third of that holding even as it bought a large stake in Apple, which Buffett said is more of a “consumer” company that a technology company. Keep learning John Rooney, an American sportscaster once said, “The quickest way to become an old dog is to stop learning new tricks.” So, keep learning and always remain in the league. Even 86-year-old Warren Buffett and 93-year-old Charlie Munger say they both try to continue learning and that shows up in the investment decisions they make for Berkshire Hathaway. Munger says Berkshire’s purchase of 133 million Apple shares shows Buffett is learning because for decades the Oracle of Omaha had resisted investing in technology companies. Buffett says he came to realise that Apple behaves more like a consumer products company than a tech company. So he became comfortable in investing in it. Get your financial plan and goals in place first Your financial plan and goals are cornerstones of your financial success. Even before you set out to decide where to invest your money, you need to know what you want it to do for you. Put down on paper or work on an excel sheet, your financial plan with future cash flow requirements. If you cannot do this on your own, identify a professional financial planner who can do this for you. If this is not done properly, failure is assured. Ability to accept changes One should not be rigid with their decisions. At 86 years of age and with robust track record, Mr Buffet still believes the market is supreme and his views can change depending on how conditions change. For instance, Buffett has defended Berkshire’s foray into airlines, where it is a top investor in American Airlines Group, Delta Air Lines, Southwest Airlines and United Continental Holdings. “It’s a fiercely competitive industry. The question is if it’s a suicidally competitive industry. It has been operating at 80 per cent or better of capacity for some time... it’s fair to say they will operate at higher degrees of capacity over the next five to 10 years than historical rates. They actually at present are earning quite high returns on invested capital, I think higher than FedEx or UPS.” Learn to say thank you If someone does a great job for you or community, then you must be thankful to him or her. For instance, during Berkshire Hathaway’s annual shareholder bash in Omaha last month, Buffett thanked Jack Bogle, founder of Vanguard Group, for saving billions of dollars of investor money by creating index funds. In his address to the 53rd annual general meeting of Berkshire Hathaway, Buffett said index funds have bought down costs significantly for investors. Keep morale of employees and managers high For better productivity or results, you should not ignore praising your employees for good work. Buffett said Berkshire could have a new chief executive within 24 hours if he died or could not continue. He says he believes it works better to hold employees to a high standard and expect them to do the right thing instead of imposing extensive rules. Invest for the long term Buffett says investors will do fine if they hold good businesses and “never look at short-term market moves.” Be optimistic and make money Warren Buffett always says if you are optimistic, you will always make money. If you are associated with financial markets, buy assets which are growing, buy businesses which are cheap and those which are adding to productivity. READ MORE ON » Warren BuffetttechnologyMarketFedExCharlie Mungercash flowApple Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Confused where the market is headed? Turn to Buffett wisdom Market awaiting direction from RBI and the rain gods Infra stocks rally on debt reduction Ravi Narain steps down as NSE vice-chairman Are investors worried over Adani Power bonds? Sebi forms committee on corporate governance ETMarkets Evening Podcast: Bulls flex muscles again; what’s next? F&O Watch: Nifty must hold above 9,635 to continue rally Tech View: Nifty50 forms 'Doji' pattern; can touch 9,700 level Dream run continues: Sensex, Nifty50 end at fresh record high Goldman Sachs applies for Saudi equities trading licence-sources BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices The story behind the random century-old barn on Apple's futuristic $5 billion campus Tech Insider Kif Leswing 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Einstein called it: Scientists spot rare gravity waves for the third time ever Income tax 'absolutely' won't rise under Tories, minister reveals © Provided by Business Insider Inc Apple Barn Tucked away in a corner of Apple Park, the company's new futuristic, custom-designed $5 billion campus in Cupertino, California, is a particularly low-tech building. It stands out in a campus of gleaming glass and concrete structures where even the door handles are custom designed. So why did Apple recently construct an early-20th century barn in the shadow of its massive new "spaceship" campus? Here's a good picture from a recent drone flyover video filmed by Matthew Roberts.  © Provided by Business Insider Inc Apple Park It turns out, the historic "Glendenning Barn" was on the land first, and after a former Cupertino mayor asked Apple CEO Tim Cook what the company planned to do with the barn in the early stages of construction, Apple carefully took it apart and put it back together, just the way it was constructed before.  The Glendenning barn, built in 1916, had previously survived several changes of ownership, as the land around it transformed from farmland owned by the Glendenning family, to orchards, to an HP office park, and now, to Apple's new headquarters.   The barn wasn't specifically protected by local law, but the Cupertino Historical Society tried to save it, and it was beloved by the site's previous owners, HP, which used it as a gathering place for beer bashes and picnics. "I’m anxious to one day see it again," Ed Miller, a former HP manager, told the Mercury News.  Apple will store sports equipment and landscaping supplies in the barn. But its value to Apple is more as a little piece of history that shows how Silicon Valley has changed. An environmental impact report commissioned by Apple in 2013 gives the full backstory of the land that Apple's "spaceship" campus now sits on:  The project site was occupied by Robert and Margaret Howie Glendenning beginning in the 1850s. The Glendennings, originally from Scotland, were one of the first European-Americans to homestead in Cupertino. In 1851, the couple began farming 160 acres of land, living initially in a tent on the land. After building a house and planting crops, the owners of the Alviso Land Grant laid claim to the property, and the Glendennings were compelled to purchase the land at $30 an acre. Margaret Glendenning finished the land payments upon the death of her husband in 1868.  © Provided by Business Insider Inc Apple Barn By 1884, when Robert and Margaret’s children had come of legal age, the Glendenning property was divided among the family. Margaret Howie lived on the southern half of the property and the northern half was divided amongst the six Glendenning children: Mary, Margaret C. (Caroline), Ellen (Ella), Joe, Jim, and George. In 1888, approximately 60 acres of the property contained orchards and the remaining portion was utilized for grain and hay production. Margaret Howie had a house built on her property in 1889, where she lived with her daughters, Margaret C. Burrell and Ellen Glendenning. In 1914, Margaret Burrell obtained her mother’s parcel and her daughter and son-in-law, Grace and John Leonard, purchased the land. Leonard converted 48 acres of the property from dry-farming (hay and grain production) to irrigated orchards. It is thought that John Leonard built the Glendenning Barn around this time. The Leonards established a dehydrating and packing business on the property.  In 1964, Varian Associates purchased the Glendenning property from John Leonard and his son, Burrel. The Glendenning parcel was one of several family properties, including the Lester, Craft, and Orlando families, to be purchased by Varian. The Varian lands were pooled into the VALLCO land corporation, the name of which was derived from the first names of the principal parties involved in the sale. The Glendenning-Leonard acreages were the key parcels to be incorporated into VALLCO Park and became the site of the Varian building, the first constructed in the park. VALLCO continued minimal farming operations into the 1970s, but a master plan and associated development phased out farming. © Provided by Business Insider Inc Apple Barn VALLCO sold 46 acres to Hewlett-Packard in 1968, followed by another 50 acres in 1971. Aerial photographs from the 1980s show the barn, pump house, and windmill tower, but the Glendenning house built for Margaret Howie Glendenning, Margaret Burrell, and Ellen Glendenning was demolished in the early 1970s.16 The Hewlett-Packard and Ridgeview campuses were constructed in phases from the mid-1960s to late 1980s. Hewlett-Packard sold the 98-acre office park in November 2010 to Apple as part of its plan to consolidate employees at its Palo Alto campus. The property is just north of a 50-acre site Apple bought in 2006 and east of the main Apple campus. The properties purchased by Apple in 2006 and 2010 are part of the project site.   Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Tech Insider ‘Smartphone addiction’ seems to only be getting stronger Tech Insider Here's proof Apple is working on a technology that will increase the iPhone's internet speeds (AAPL) Tech Insider Apple Pay is expanding, but it still has a long way to go Tech Insider Tech Insider View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Home Video World US & Canada UK Business selected Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Business selected Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Business Business Paris climate deal: US firms criticise Trump move 2 June 2017 From the section Business These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.com/news/business-40127806 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Getty Images Some of the biggest firms in the US have reacted with dismay to President Donald Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate deal. General Electric, Facebook, Goldman Sachs and Walt Disney were among corporate giants to condemn the move. Critics say the withdrawal, part of Mr Trump's "America first" policy, will hurt US companies' ability to work abroad and inhibit innovation. US coal firms welcomed the move, saying it would save jobs and ease regulation. The Dow Jones share index closed up 0.6% following the widely expected announcement. 'Not good' Before Mr Trump confirmed he would go ahead with his campaign pledge to withdraw, a slew of major companies issued statements urging him to remain in the deal. After the announcement, they expressed disappointment. Why is US business angry about climate deal decision? Watch: Can coal make a comeback under Trump? Exxon shareholders back 'historic' vote on climate "Climate change is real," tweeted Jeff Immelt, chief executive of GE. "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Tesla boss Elon Musk confirmed he would quit two seats on White House advisory groups. He wrote on Twitter "Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world." Walt Disney chief executive Robert Iger said he too would quit an advisory role, while Goldman Sachs boss Lloyd Blankfein used his first ever tweet to condemn the move. Other big firms, including Morgan Stanley, PepsiCo and Walmart, and major tech firms such as Apple and Google, issued statements on Thursday with several reaffirming their own commitments to protect the environment. Apple boss Tim Cook told the Financial Times: "I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the US in the agreement. But it wasn't enough. "I want to reassure you that today's developments will have no impact on Apple's efforts to protect the environment." 'They went wild' Under the deal, the US, which accounts for about 15% of global greenhouse gas emission, had committed to a 26% to 28% reduction from 2005 levels by 2025. The US also promised $3bn in aid to a United Nations fund to help poorer countries to tackle climate change problems. In his announcement on Thursday, Mr Trump said the deal, which involved voluntary commitments, put the US at a disadvantage. He said he would be willing to renegotiate under different terms. "The rest of the world applauded when we signed the Paris Agreement -- they went wild; they were so happy -- for the simple reason that it put our country, the United States of America, which we all love, at a very, very big economic disadvantage," he said. "They don't put America first," he said. "I do, and I always will." 'Saving coal jobs' Some energy firms, including Exxon Mobil and Chevron, had also pressed the administration to remain in the pact. But for the US coal lobby, the decision by Mr Trump to withdraw from the global Paris agreement on climate change was a win. Murray Energy, a coal mining company based in Ohio, applauded the move, describing it as an important part of the Trump administration's broader environmental agenda. "In following through on his promise, President Trump is supporting America's uncompromising values, saving coal jobs, and promoting low-cost, reliable electricity for Americans and the rest of the World," chief executive Robert Murray said in a statement. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The coal industry has welcomed the move Paul Bailey, the president of the coal lobbying organisation American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity, said the standards established under the previous Obama administration were too stringent. "We support President Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris agreement," he said. "Meeting President Obama's goal would have led to more regulations, higher energy prices, and dependence on less reliable energy sources." Market reaction Oil stocks such as ExxonMobil and Chevron climbed on Thursday, as did the overall market. The broad S&P 500 share index and the technology index, the Nasdaq, closed at new highs, having already been climbing throughout in the day in anticipation of strong employment figures due out on Friday. Investors had been expecting President Trump's announcement and analysts said it had already been factored into prices. Peabody Energy, the US's largest publicly traded coal company, saw its shares slide 0.66% on Thursday. Peabody welcomed the decision to leave the Paris accord. "We believe that abiding by the accord, without significant changes, would have substantially impacted the U.S. economy, increased electricity costs and required the power sector to rely on less diverse and more intermittent energy," the company said. Related Topics Donald Trump Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Tech leaders defy Trump on climate deal 2 June 2017 Why is business angry over US climate decision? 2 June 2017 Dow higher after US climate deal withdrawal 1 June 2017 Paris climate deal: Trump pulls US out of 2015 accord 1 June 2017 Top Stories US warns Beijing on South China Sea islands US Defence Secretary James Mattis says China's militarisation of man-made islands is not acceptable. 3 June 2017 Grande visits fans hurt in arena attack 3 June 2017 US can fulfil climate pledges - Bloomberg 3 June 2017 Features Macron: Birth of the anti-Trump? Does Trump still think it's all a hoax? The man who built his plane using YouTube videos Trump's 'climate Brexit' blow to Tillerson Video Toasting the stars Half-Indian, gay and 38: Ireland's next PM Legacy of the Rumble in the Jungle Why did this Indian village erupt into violence? I had to wait 11 days to be told of my daughter's death News navigation Business Sections Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Home Video World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada US & Canada Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Election 2017 Business selected Business Home Market Data Markets Global Trade Companies Entrepreneurship Technology of Business Business of Sport Global Education Economy Tech Science Magazine Entertainment & Arts Health In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports World News TV Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Home Home News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Has Paid App Store Developers More Than $70 Billion To Date By Tyler Lee on 06/02/2017 01:05 PDT Deciding which platform to develop for is an important choice because some platforms aren’t quite as lucrative as others. Also for smaller developers, being able to develop for multiple platforms simultaneously can be tiresome and expensive. That being said it seems that Apple’s iOS and Mac platforms appear to be making good money. During Apple’s recent earnings call, the company has announced that they’ve managed to pay out a whopping $70 billion to developers to date, and that App Store downloads have managed to increase by 70% year-on-year. Given that Apple takes more or less a 30% cut from apps sold in its App Store, it has been estimated that Apple might have made as much as $30 billion so far. According to Apple’s SVP of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller, “People everywhere love apps and our customers are downloading them in record numbers. Seventy billion dollars earned by developers is simply mind-blowing. We are amazed at all of the great new apps our developers create and can’t wait to see them again next week at our Worldwide Developers Conference.” Recently Apple has been trying to get developers to start selling more in-app subscriptions and services, in which the company will take a reduced cut to make it more tempting. We’ve seen services such as Spotify express their displeasure at the 30% cut that Apple takes, which prompted them to encourage users to sign up via their website instead of the iTunes App Store. Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Computers. Read more about Apps, iOS and Mac (Apple). Related Articles 2017-06-01 Chrome Will Start Blocking ‘Annoying’ Ads In 2018 2017-06-01 Facebook Reportedly Building A Teen-Friendly Chat App 2017-05-31 New Pokemon Game For Smartphones Released 2017-05-31 Microsoft Office Bug Nags With Pop-Ups Every Hour 2017-05-21 Deleted iPhone Notes Remain Stored In iCloud Even After 30 Days 2017-05-15 Google Assistant For iOS Launch Expected Soon 2011-12-12 Apple Mac App Store hits 100 million downloads 2011-07-01 Apple updates Keynote Remote app Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/androids-creator-wants-to-shake-up-the-smartphone-industry-again-1496350792 Technology Android’s Creator Wants To Shake Up the Smartphone Industry. Again. Andy Rubin is responsible for the Android operating system. Now he’s hoping to make your phone’s hardware a little better. By Nicholas Jasinski June 1, 2017 4:59 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Essential's Phone features a titanium body and an edge-to-edge display. Photo: Essential Phone Andy Rubin -- the creator of the world’s most popular smartphone software -- is looking for his next act. After creating the Android operating system, Rubin is trying to jump start hardware innovation. Get the best of Barron's Next every weekday. By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. I'd like to receive updates and special offers from Dow Jones and affiliates. Email address is not valid. Agree to the policies to sign up. Subscribe Congratulations! You have been subscribed to our daily Barron’s Next newsletter Newsletters will start being sent to you within 48 hours. Review our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Rubin believes that smartphone makers like Apple and Samsung have lost their edge in recent years, and customers have paid the price. As the now-CEO of startup Essential Products, Rubin’s response is a sleek smartphone simply named Phone. “One of the reasons I started this company is because I would go into a store and I wasn’t happy with any of the phones out there,” Rubin said at recode’s Code Conference in California on Tuesday. With Apple and Samsung accounting for 56% of the US smartphone market today, according to Counterpoint Research, Rubin complains that innovation has become “lumpy.” Gone are the days when phone makers were trying to coax first-time buyers into making the smartphone leap by pushing out flashy new features in quick succession. “Every six months there’d be some new technology out there,” Rubin told the conference-goers. “There’d be a higher-res display, there’d be a 3D camera, there’d be a faster processor. And was really a great time when the consumer saw the innovation that was happening.” Today, however, most of the innovation happens at rich firms like Apple and Samsung. The pair each release a new flagship model every two years, with more minor tweaks in the off-years. “The innovation is still happening, but it’s happening in these much more lumpy cycles,” Rubin said. Rubin’s $699 Phone -- available for preorder online -- runs Android, features a titanium unibody frame, edge-to-edge display, fast processor, and an antenna that works with any mobile network. Rubin plans to roll out new features faster than the big guys thanks to a magnetic connector on the back of the device. That tweak will allow users to wirelessly connect a wide range of accessories, without having to buy a whole new phone. It will also let them keep their add-ons even if they upgrade to a newer Phone with a different shape. Remember what happened to your iPhone dock once Apple dropped its original 30-pin iPhone charger? Or what happened to your favorite headphones once the headphone jack disappeared? This is a “much more powerful way to get technology and innovation into consumers’ hands quicker,” Rubin said. The first accessory available for Essential’s Phone is a 360-degree camera that clips onto the back of the device and acts like an internal camera, no configuration required. The add-on is barely larger than your thumb. Rubin claims it’s the world’s smallest high-quality 360 camera. Essential is promising more accessories to come. Meanwhile, the company plans to make the connector open source, allowing third-party companies to sell their own add-ons. The Phone will be sold directly to consumers, but, according to BayStreet Research, more than 92% of U.S. phone buyers today buy their device through their mobile carrier, so Rubin might have a tough task getting the masses to buy in. Production volume will likely be low at first. But Rubin sees niche-status as another advantage over the likes of Apple. It allows Essential to experiment with technologies that might not yet be ready to produce at scale. If Apple wants to introduce a new feature to the iPhone, Rubin says, it has to be ready to ship 50 million of them over the next quarter. The Phone is unlikely to topple Apple or Samsung, but it could cause the two to pay more attention. Apple added a Smart Connector to its iPad Pro line two years ago, but it never really pushed the idea beyond a few keyboard accessories. In theory, the smart connector could behave in a way similar to Rubin’s new connector. To make his point, Rubin’s next act won’t have to take over the world. He just has to make your phone a little more exciting. More from Barron’s Next Why a T-Mobile Deal Could Happen Soon The One Number That Shows Trouble At Verizon When to Buy Airline Tickets to Get The Cheapest Fare Text Size Regular Medium Large Most Popular What to Expect from Apple’s Monday Keynote Wall Street Can’t Stop Asking About Fidget Spinners Under Armour’s New Retail Strategy Is Winning Fans Canada Goose Scores A Direct Hit Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices New Mac Pro Hardware Details Will Delight Apple Faithful Forbes Ewan Spence, Contributor 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors © Provided by Forbes Media LLC Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during a product launch event at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California Apple is set to update a number of Mac machines at next week’s Worldwide Developer Conference. The details have been reported by French site Consmac, and relate to regulatory filings made in a Russian-language regulatory filing. Five model numbers for personal computers carrying the Apple trademark are listed. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 155.45 +2.27 +1.48% Intel Corp INTC ▲ 36.32 +0.20 +0.55% The model numbers registered in this filing are A1289 A1347, A1418, A1419, and A1481. The expectation is that these model numbers represent updates to a number of existing Mac machines rather than Apple recycling the model numbers; A1289 is the older boxlike Mac Pro, A1347 is the Mac mini, A1418 is the iMac, A1419 iMac, and A1481 is the cylindrical Mac Pro The inclusion of significantly older machines like the Mac Pro and the Mac mini clouds the issue of what exactly is being refreshed, but the obvious answer is that some of the Mac machines are going to join the MacBook line-up with an update to use Intel’s Kaby Lake chip architecture. There are already major signals that the three MacBook Pro machines announced in October 2016 will pick up the seventh-generation Intel chipsets. As previously discussed on Forbes, Apple’s decision to release one final iteration of MacBooks in 2016 with the sixth-generation Intel chips has meant the Windows 10 competition captured a lead in terms of specifications over the last six months. Apple has decided to risk upsetting the early adopters with a switch to Kaby Lake very early in this production cycle. © Provided by Forbes Media LLC Magic Keyboard with Touch Bar Patent drawing (USPTO) The filing also has a new number - A1843 - listed as  a wireless input device and handily referred to as a ‘keyboard’). There’s been less talk of a new Magic Keyboard from Apple, but a recently published patent shows a wireless keyboard with an adaptive input row that matches the design and implementation of the Touch bar, but on a standalone peripheral. For developers to make best use of the Touch Bar it needs to become a primary control area, something that cannot happen with legacy hardware. This new peripheral offers Apple a way to retrofit the Touch Bar to older Mac machines. The WWDC keynote starts at 10am Pacific this Sunday, the 5th of June. Any new or updated hardware should be announced during the expected two-hour long presentation. Keep watching Forbes’ Technology channel for all the news and analysis. Now read why these updates will anger everyone… Follow me on Facebook. Find more of my work at ewanspence.co.uk, on Twitter, and Linked In. You should subscribe to my weekly newsletter of 'Trivial Posts' Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes Owner of original Honus Wagner card revealed Forbes How Did Bristol Lose An Edge In Lung Cancer? It's No Mystery, Says New R&D Boss Forbes The 25 best cities for young professionals in 2017 Forbes Forbes View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Konkan village hopes its cheers are heard in Dublin by PM-in-waiting Leo Varadkar, a native son Paris Agreement: US pullout to slow down global action, unlikely to affect India’s efforts The state of Indian cricket, by Ram Guha Don’t criticise EVMs used in recent polls: Uttarakhand HC Dalit outfit to send 16-ft-long soap to Adityanath to ‘clean himself’ Home Technology Tech News Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs US President Donald Trump has announced the United States of America will be pulling out of the Paris Climate change agreement. While the world is still reeling from the impact of this decision, leaders from Silicon Valley have spoken against this decision. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: June 2, 2017 1:50 pm US President Donald Trump has pulled his country out of the Paris Climate change agreement. Here are reactions of top tech leaders from Silicon Valley to the decision. Related News Donald Trump calls his maiden foreign trip ‘historic’ Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Google Chrome to block some ‘annoying’ ads starting next year President Donald Trump has announced the United States of America will be pulling out of the Paris Climate change agreement. The President in a speech confirmed the US will no longer be a party to the Paris Accord of 2015. In his speech, President Trump said, “The United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord and begin negotiations to reenter either the Paris Accord or a really entirely new transaction on terms that are fair to the United States, its businesses, its workers, its people, its taxpayers.” According to Trump, the United States “will cease all implementation of the non-binding Paris Accord,” and it will also end all the “implementation of the nationally determined contribution” including the Green Climate Fund, which, according to him, has cost the country “a vast fortune”. While the world is still reeling from the impact of the US pulling out of the Paris Accord on Climate Change, leaders from Silicon Valley have come out to speak against this decision. SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk, who has been very vocal about climate change, tweeted that he would be leaving the presidential councils in light of the decision. Musk tweeted, “Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.” Elon Musk has also tweeted articles about how India and China are trying to cut down on greenhouse gas emissions, which is believed to be the number one source for pollutants and thus contributing to climate change. Musk tweeted an article on how China wants to produce clean electricity, saying: “Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by 2030 as the US does from all sources today.” On India, the Tesla CEO tweeted, “India commits to sell only electric cars by 2030. It is already the largest market for solar power.” Also read: Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris Climate Agreement: Here’s the full text of his statement Apple CEO Tim Cook has also spoken out against the decision. Cook tweeted, “Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change, and we will never waver.” According to a report on CNN, Tim Cook also sent out a message to Apple employees assuring them the US government’s decision wouldn’t mean that Apple would stop caring about the environment and climate change. Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all. — Sundar Pichai (@sundarpichai) June 1, 2017 The report on CNN quotes Tim Cook’s message as saying, “I want to reassure you that today’s developments will have no impact on Apple’s efforts to protect the environment.” The report also says Tim Cook had spoken to President Trump in the hope of keeping US from leaving the Paris deal. Google CEO Sundar Pichai also tweeted against President Trump’s decision. He wrote, “Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all.” Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg also voiced his criticism, saying it was bad for the economy and puts “our children’s future at risk.” Facebook’s co-founder wrote on his personal page, “Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy…” adding as a company they had committed that every new data center built by them will be “powered by 100% renewable energy.” “Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it’s too late,” he wrote. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella also criticised the decision, saying “climate change is an urgent issue that demands global action”. He said Microsoft is committed to fighting this, and shared a letter by Microsoft’s President and Chief Legal Officer Brad Smith, which has discussed this issue at length. “In the past few months, Microsoft has actively engaged the Trump Administration on the business case for remaining in the Paris Agreement. We’ve sent letters to and held meetings on this topic with senior officials in the State Department and the White House. And in the past month, we’ve joined with other American business leaders to take out full-page ads in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal and New York Post, urging the Administration to keep the United States in the Paris Agreement,” says Smith’s letter. Microsoft in its letter adds climate change demands global attention , and the company says they wish to keep their operations 100 per cent carbon neutral. “We remain steadfastly committed to the sustainability, carbon and energy goals that we have set as a company and to the Paris Agreement’s ultimate success,” concludes the letter. More Related News Donald Trump to nominate Richard Spencer for Navy secretary Comedian Kathy Griffin fears career is over after Donald Trump photo scandal For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: 2015 Paris Agreement Apple donald trump Elon Musk Google Sundar Pichai Tim Cook No Comments. Most Read CBSE 10th result 2017 date and time: Results to release post 12 pm, know all updates here CBSE 10th result 2017: Where and how to check result at cbseresults.nic.in, cbse.nic.in CBSE 10th result to be on Bing search Aishwarya Rai lookalike Sneha Ullal left films due to severe illness, stayed away for 4 years. See photos Dangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club now Best of Express NIA raids 14 places in Kashmir, 8 in Delhi in connection with terror funding Six jawans injured as militants attack army convoy near Qazigund 368 militants neutralised in Kashmir since 2014, says Rajnath Singh OpinionAs US withdraws from Paris pact, it’s time the world recognised the real climate leaders OpinionWhy abolishing triple talaq is critical to creating a New India Buzzing Now EntertainmentWonder Woman movie review: Gal Gadot and her superhero will be a hard act to follow EntertainmentKatrina Kaif will go where I take her, says Salman Khan amid cheers EntertainmentDangal vs Baahubali 2 box office: Aamir Khan film creates Rs 1800-cr club TrendingPM Modi and Vladimir Putin took a walk in the park and Twitterati think they are giving perfect #relationshipgoals TrendingRickshaw puller saved girl from committing suicide; after 8 years, she came back in his life to change it forever Top News CBSE 10th result 2017 to be announced today CBI arrests Lt Colonel, middleman involved in Army transfer racket PM Modi reaches France, to hold talks with President Emmanuel Macron Indian comic scene has serious problems: Sexism, bro-code and just a handful of women SportsNew Zealand, Australia share points after rain SportsThe state of Indian cricket, by Ramachandra Guha Lifestyle(Don’t) Keep Calm and Carry On Lifestyle‘We have digested, held in our bellies so much violence that it is hard to be moral': Arundhati Roy TechnologySony Xperia XZ Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs LG G6: Specifications battle TechnologyApple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon's Alexa Jun 03: Latest News Madras High Court upholds appointment of IIT Madras Director North Korea, cyberattacks and ‘Lazarus’: What we really know Top Gun sequel: Tom Cruise set to return as ‘Maverick’, reveals the film’s title If she has freedom of expression, I have too: Paresh Rawal on Arundhati Roy Sunil Narine stars in West Indies’ six wicket win over Afghanistan                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Search for: Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home Apple How to Speed Up Your iPhone How to Speed Up Your iPhone By Adam Mills Posted on 05/22/2017 Today we want to show you how to speed up your iPhone, be it an iPhone 7, an iPhone 6s, or an older model like the iPhone 5. If your iPhone isn’t as fast as you’d like it to be, your first thought might be to take it to the closest Apple Store. But why spend an hour or more at the Apple Store (more if there isn’t one close to you) when you can speed up your iPhone from your computer chair or couch in a matter of seconds. You don’t need to be an Apple Genius or even an expert to speed up your iPhone right now. All you need is a few seconds during a quiet part of the day. If your iPhone is starting to feel sluggish, try one of these remedies. Some of these will work better than others so you might need to use trial and error until you find the right combination for you and your iPhone. Restart Your iPhone A simple restart could have a significant impact on your device’s speed, especially if you haven’t turned it off in awhile. To shut off your phone, hold down the power button until the prompt appears. Follow the on-screen instructions and power your iPhone down. Wait a minute and then hold the power button down again to power the phone back on. Clear Space If you’ve owned your iPhone for awhile you’ve probably collected a ton of clutter on your device’s hard drive. If you’re anywhere close to your hard drive’s threshold, you’ll want to do some cleanup. Freeing up space could speed up your iPhone. To get started you’ll want to head into Settings > General > Storage & iCloud Usage and select Manage Storage. From that screen you can determine what can stay and what needs to go. Maybe it’s a game you no longer play, a video you no longer watch, or hundreds of photos you no longer need. You should be able to find something to delete. Deleting your messages could save you a ton of space and help speed up your iPhone. If you notice your Messages taking up multiple GBs of storage, it might be a good idea to get that under control. To cut down on the amount of saved messages on your iPhone, go to Settings > Messages and scroll down to the Message History section. Tap on Keep Messages and select 1 Year or 30 Days. This will delete any messages older than a year or 30 days so make sure to save the photos and videos from within those messages that you wish to keep. Clear Browser Cookies & Data You can also free up some memory by clearing your browser’s cookies and data. If you use Safari go into your iPhone’s Settings > Safari > and scroll down to where it says Clear History and Website Data. Tap that. Clearing this will remove your browsing history, cookies, and other data from Safari. History will also be cleared from any devices signed into your iCloud account. If you can handle that, tap Clear History and Data again. If you’re using Google Chrome on your iPhone, you’ll want to head into the app itself and tap the three vertical circles in the top right corner. From there, tap Settings > Privacy > Clear Browsing Data. There, you can select what you wish to delete. If you’re noticing serious lag on your iPhone it might be a good idea to start clean. Select them all (you’ll notice a check mark on the right once you’ve done this) and then click Clear Browsing Data. Install the Latest Software If you failed to install iOS 10.3 or iOS 10.3.1 and you haven’t install iOS 10.3.2 on your iPhone, you’ll want to consider it. Apple’s iOS 10.3 update delivered a brand new file system called APFS. If you chose not to install iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.2 will automatically convert your device’s filesystem from HFS+ to APFS. Installing iOS 10.3.2 and APFS could improve your device’s boot time (the time it takes for the phone to go from an off state to on), the overall speed (our iPhone 5 feels faster with iOS 10.3.2 and APFS on board), and a bump in storage which, again, could improve your device’s speed. The move to iOS 10.3.2 might seem daunting for those of you with older iPhone models on older versions of iOS. If you’re straddling the fence, take a look at our full list of reasons to install the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone right now. Turn Off Animations Turning off some of your iPhone’s animations and transitions could deliver a nice little bump to your device’s overall speed. To reduce Motion Effects, go into your iPhone’s  Settings > General > Accessibility and toggle Reduce Motion on. Toggling this on will disable some features like the bubble effect in the Messages app. While you’re there, you’ll also want to reduce the transparency and blur effects on your iPhone to. This could help your iPhone’s GPU. To Reduce Transparency on your iPhone, tap Increase Contrast and then tap the toggle to turn on the Reduce Transparency function. Disable Widgets Try cutting down on the amount of active widgets to see if that gives your iPhone a speed boost. If you have a lot of widgets active on your iPhone, they could be hogging your device’s precious resources and thus, hampering its overall speed. To start killing off widgets, swipe to the right while you’re on your iPhone’s home screen. Scroll all the way to bottom of the list of widgets and select Edit. Disable iPhone widgets to improve your device’s speed. You’ll be taken to a new screen where you should see a long list of services and apps. These are your widgets. If a widget is active, you’ll notice a red circle with a minus sign to the left of its name. If it’s inactive, you’ll see a green plus. To remove a widget, tap the red circle with the minus sign and tap Remove. You can remove all of them or a few as needed. Delete Apps We also recommend getting a handle on your applications. Just because you’re no longer using an application doesn’t mean that it’s no longer sucking up your device’s precious resources. If you no longer need an application, get rid of it. If for some reason you decide you still want it on your iPhone, you can always re-download it from the App Store. Kill Processes in the Background If you aren’t good at managing the apps and services on your iPhone there’s a good chance some of your apps and services have become resource hogs. Getting a handle on your items running in the background could pay dividends. The first service to look at is Background Refresh. When Background Refresh is flipped on, your apps will be refreshed with new information while running in the background. It’s nice but it might be the cause of your lag. If you don’t need instant data, go to your Settings > General > Background App Refresh and toggle Background Refresh off. This will completely kill the service. If you’d prefer to whitelist some apps, go down your list and toggle Background Refresh off for individual applications. If you have Automatic Downloads turned on, you might have apps downloading new content in the background. To disable Automatic Downloads, go to your Settings > iTunes & App Stores > and toggle Music, Apps, Books & Audiobooks, and Updates off. Wipe Your Device If these quick fixes don’t help you speed up your iPhone in seconds, it’s time to press the red button and go nuclear. If you’re using an older phone like the iPhone 5 or iPhone 4s, it might be time to wipe the phone and start from scratch. We recently did this on our iPhone 5 and the results were fantastic. It feels 100x faster than it did before. Restoring your iPhone will take more than a few seconds to complete because you’ll need to start by making a backup. Once you backup your iPhone, you’ll want to head to Settings > Reset > Erase All Content and Settings to get started. For additional support, take a look at our full length guide. Go to Apple Contacting Apple support on Twitter is an option but we recommend taking your iPhone to the nearest Apple Store so Apple Geniuses can run diagnostics. Appointments fill up quickly so if your situation is dire, you’ll want to try a book a visit as soon as you possibly can. Buy a New iPhone If all else fails, it might be time to buy a new phone. Devices like the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5c will probably see their software support end here in a few weeks. In other words, you won’t be able to count on Apple and its iOS updates to fix your lag or sluggishness. The iPhone 7 is Apple’s fastest phone but for those on a budget, you might take a look at the iPhone 6s or iPhone 6. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s are still plenty fast with iOS 10.3.1 on board and they’re worth a look if you can no longer deal with your device’s speed. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.2 & 10 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.3.2 If You Want Better Security   1 / 14 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  iOS 10.3.2 brings (by our count) 23 security patches for a potential exploits. That's a ton for a small maintenance update and a great reason to install iOS 10.3.2 in the near future. Your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring even more security features if you failed to download previous versions of iOS. If you skipped iOS 10.3.1, your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring its security patch. If you skipped iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring its monster list of patches as well.  The iOS 10.3 update delivered over 60 known patches for potential exploits. That's substantial, even for a milestone upgrade. The previous version of iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, brought 14 known patches. If you skipped the iOS 10.2.1 update and/or the iOS 10.2 update, know that iOS 10.3.2 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2.1 update had 14 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device.    1 / 14 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In Apple 7 Things to Know About the iPhone 5s iOS 10.3.2 Update We’ve been taking a close look at Apple’s iOS 10.3.2 update and today we want … 06/02/2017 6 min read 9 Things to Know About the iPhone 6s iOS 10.3.2 Update The iPhone 6s iOS 10.3.2 update is a small but important release for the former flagship. … 06/02/2017 6 min read 9 Things to Know About the iPad iOS 10.3.2 Update Its been a little over two weeks since the iOS 10.3.2 update release for the iPad, iPad Ai… 06/02/2017 6 min read Load More In Apple 1 Comment One Comment driving directions maps 06/02/2017 at 12:37 am These tips are useful to speed up my iPhone fastly. Thanks for sharing the article Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors 100 Best Android Apps for 2017 5 Best iPhone 7 Camera Lenses and Add-ons 16 Best LG G6 Cases 5 Best Apple Watch Alternatives 5 Best Chromebooks for 2017 7 Best Online Tech Learning Apps and Sites Best New 9.7-inch iPad Cases 28 Best iPhone 7 Cases Best iPhone 7 Skins 15 Best Offline Android Games 15 Best 2016 MacBook Pro Accessories Best Bluetooth Game Controllers for Android Best Fighting Games for Android (2017) 5 Best iPad Alternatives Running Windows Best Galaxy S7 Clear Cases 5 Best Alarm Clock iPhone Apps Best Password Managers for Android Best Action Games for Android (2017) © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
