Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories Lenovo Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Lenovo Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS « You might soon be able to see Messenger and Instagram notifications on Facebook | Main | Google Assistant now lets you type out your queries » Friday May192017 Apple blames third-party batteries for Beats headphones that exploded on its user Friday, May 19, 2017 at 11:36PM Apple is denying that the explosion of a pair of Beats headphones while on its user has anything to do with the product itself. Apple claims their investigation found that the “issue was caused by a third-party battery” and they are refusing to compensate the victim. The incident happened back in February to an unnamed Australian woman flying from Beijing to Melbourne. She woke up on the flight to the sound of the explosion and a burning sensation. Her face, hands, and hair were burned. But what she’s seeking compensation for is the headphones and the ruined clothes. As mentioned, Apple doesn’t want to compensate her for these. But the woman says she was using AAA batteries bought in Australia and there weren’t that many alternatives. "The headphones don't work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones —or their packaging —did it specify which brand of batteries should be used," she said. The Beats headphones in question are said to be an older model bought back in 2014 that needed extra batteries to work. Source: Engadget + Apple Insider Nicole Batac | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Apple Beats, Beats Email Article in Apple, News, Public service Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) Dow 30 20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) Nasdaq 6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) Why you shouldn't buy a new MacBook right now Todd Haselton CNBC May 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Getty Images. Apple is reportedly gearing up to launch new laptops soon, so don't buy a new MacBook, MacBook Pro or MacBook Air right now.More Don't buy a new MacBook right now, no matter what model you're considering. A report this week suggested that Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is gearing up to announce new MacBooks as soon as next month during its annual developer conference, known as WWDC. It makes perfect sense, too, since this is where Apple typically unveils new software that powers its computers. In this case, we're expecting an update to macOS. Bloomberg said this week that Apple is planning to introduce, at the very least, a refreshed MacBook Pro with Intel's latest seventh-generation processors. Apple, for whatever reason, wasn't able to get those chips in time for the initial launch of the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, which only launched back in October. Apple is also planning to update its smaller and thinner MacBook laptops with the new processors, too, so you'll want to make sure you aren't buying that right now either. Additionally, Apple may — though Bloomberg was less confident on this — finally refresh the MacBook Air laptop, its thin-and-light machine that still offers some of the more traditional ports, like full-size USB and an SD card slot, which people still want. Intel's new processors are more powerful and are also more efficient, which means you should see longer battery life out of them. It's unclear if Apple plans to make any other changes to its laptops, but you'd be silly not to sit on the bench for a few weeks just to find out what's in store. Take this as a simple public service announcement. Sit tight on buying a new MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro right now. Apple should have fresh models on the market very soon. Oh, and for what it's worth, you also shouldn't buy a new iPad Pro yet. More From CNBC There's no better time to buy a new smartphone than right now Google's Siri competitor is now on the iPhone -- and it does things Siri can't Here’s how to use Instagram’s new face filters Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 BGR News This is the new laptop Microsoft will unveil next week, but don’t call it a Surface Pro 5 BGR News 4 Stocks I'll Hold Forever -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool The smaller iPad Pro should be coming next month BGR News This is your rare opportunity to buy a dip in Apple, trader says CNBC White House officials say Trump is 'undisciplined' and 'self-destructive' Business Insider Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Finance 11 judges will soon decide the fate of a polarizing US agency Yahoo Finance Scientists hunt down super rare T. Rex ant and are shocked at what they find BGR News Nvidia Horus Yahoo Finance Video Leon Cooperman: There are four things you can do with wealth Yahoo Finance Couple who paid off $18,000 in 54 days shares their No. 1 money saving tip CNBC The White House is reportedly starting to prepare for the distant possibility of impeachment proceedings Business Insider Saudis welcome Trump with gold medal, receive arms package Associated Press Best Buy will have the Nintendo Switch in stock tomorrow BGR News Nvidia-GTC-2017-Corrected Yahoo Finance Video Alec Baldwin, Scarlett Johansson reprise Trump roles on 'Saturday Night Live' season finale Bri: Nothing more disturbing than unfounded Hatred in action. Please send me a list of all Sat Nite Live Advertisers so I and my closest 100 friends can boycott their products. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 54
Recent Posts Another major Moto Z discount period through May 21 at 12:59am Eastern AAA batteries in Apple headphones explode, company says it’s a “third-party” issue Should OEMs be worried about carrier-made phones? Not on T-Mobile ONE? Get ready for hiked fees of up to $3.18 Google waffles on Fuchsia replacing Android Recent Comments Anonymous on OPPO PM-1 review: the best sound I’ve ever heard Anonymous on Should you leave your smartphone’s WiFi on or turn it off? Anonymous on Print Photos Direct From Your Windows Phone With HP iPrint Anonymous on BLU Life One review: bold, but not quite liking it Anonymous on Walmart unveils full Black Friday 2016 deal roster, cheap phones, tabs and wearables galore Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Wearables AAA batteries in Apple headphones explode, company says it’s a “third-party” issue by Jules WangMay 20, 2017 5:15 pm Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement Apple will not compensate a customer whose AAA-powered headphones caught fire on a February flight from Beijing to Melbourne. The reason? “Our investigation indicated the issue was caused by a third-party battery,” reads an Apple representative’s statement found in a release from the victim’s lawyers Friday. The statement also contains word from the victim — who identifies from Adelaide, but wishes to remain anonymous — of her disappointment. “The headphones don’t work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones – or their packaging – did it specify which brand of batteries should be used,” she said. The Verge reports that as Apple has stopped selling headphones using AAA batteries for power, the model in question would likely be an older Beats product — the customer claimed that she picked up her duty-free unit in 2014 with batteries later purchased in Australia. Pictures issued from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau back in March show the extent of burns across the victim’s face and blisters on her hand and neck. Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 13% Like It 5% Want It 3% Had It 7% Hated It 72% ViaThe Verge Sourcenews.com.au Posted In iOS, Wearables Tags Apple, Australia, battery, Beats, explosion, Headphones, Legal, News, Support Apple, Australia, battery, Beats, explosion, Headphones, Legal, News, Support About The Author Jules Wang Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time. Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Another major Moto Z discount period through May 21 at 12:59am Eastern AAA batteries in Apple headphones explode, company says it’s a “third-party” issue Should OEMs be worried about carrier-made phones? Not on T-Mobile ONE? Get ready for hiked fees of up to $3.18 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   Let’s chat HTC U11 and playing Zelda on your phone! | Pocketnow Weekly 253 Google Fuchsia and OnePlus 5 Leaks | #PNWeekly 252 Making the BlackBerry KEYone cool to normals | #PNWeekly 251 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next... Smartphone Addiction and Digital Mental Health: Dr. Timothy Fong Interview, UCLA Neuroscience (Vi... Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   Samsung Galaxy Note 8 dual-camera zoom, OnePlus 5 specs & more – Pocketnow Daily iPhone 8 design leaks, OnePlus 5 camera upgrade & more – Pocketnow Daily Android O Preview: the top new Android O features! (Video) 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Follow Us ©2017 Pocketnow.com. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
Latest News Dow 20,805 +141.82 +0.69% Nasdaq 6,084 +28.57 +0.47% S&P 500 2,382 +16.01 +0.68% 5/20 Nearly half don’t have the cash to pay for a $400 emergency, Fed survey finds 5/20 Updated The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco 5/20 Updated 5 things college won’t ever teach you 5/20 Updated Young, married women should learn this skill 5/20 Updated Trump to propose scrapping beleaguered student loan forgiveness program — report 5/20 Updated Trump administration wants to overhaul the way you repay student loans 5/20 Updated This is why you shouldn’t lie to a future employer about your salary 5/20 Updated My husband is either giving $300,000 to a religious cult, being blackmailed — or plotting a divorce 5/20 Updated This is exactly how many years of work you should reveal on your resume 5/20 Updated Why you should never swipe right on Tinder just because of an attractive photo 5/20 Updated Is this $1 billion scratch-card game everything that’s wrong with America? 5/20 Updated The 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S. 5/20 Updated 4 cities where millennials actually act like grown-ups 5/20 Updated This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba 5/20 Current White House official is target in Russia probe, and Trump told Lavrov that Comey was a ‘nut job’: reports 5/20 Updated Stock market set for showdown between bulls and bears 5/20 Updated The American dystopia didn’t begin with Trump 5/20 Updated Why the Fed is wrong to obsess about wages 5/20 Updated Are the Chicago Cubs really worth $2.5 billion? Some back-of-the-napkin math says so 5/20 Updated Weekend roundup: 20 years of Amazon| How retailers are struggling | Should the Social Security age be raised? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release SoftBank Vision Fund Announces First Major Close By Published: May 20, 2017 10:30 a.m. ET Share In Addition to the Public Investment Fund, SoftBank Group and Mubadala, Initial Investors in Global Technology Fund include Apple, Foxconn, Qualcomm and SharpSoftBank Vision Fund Seeks to Accelerate Information Revolution SAINT HELIER, Jersey, May 20, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- The SoftBank Vision Fund (the “Fund”) today announced its first major close with over U.S.$93 billion of committed capital. In addition to SoftBank Group Corp (“SBG”) and the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“PIF”) as previously announced, investors in the Fund also include the Mubadala Investment Company of the United Arab Emirates (“Mubadala”), Apple Inc. (“Apple”), Foxconn Technology Group (“Foxconn”), Qualcomm Incorporated (“Qualcomm”) and Sharp Corporation ("Sharp"). The Fund is targeting a total of U.S.$100 billion of committed capital, with a final close within six months. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170520005010/en/ SBG created the SoftBank Vision Fund as a result of its strongly held belief that the next stage of the Information Revolution is underway, and building the businesses that will make this possible will require unprecedented large scale long-term investment. Additionally, the Fund’s portfolio companies are expected to significantly benefit from SBG's global scale and operational expertise, as well as its ecosystem of group portfolio companies (including Sprint and Yahoo Japan); this will thereby help them to accelerate their own growth profile. The Fund will be SBG’s primary vehicle to realise its SoftBank 2.0 vision, with preferred access to investments of U.S. $100 million or more that meet the Fund's investment strategy. Masayoshi Son, Chairman & CEO of SoftBank Group Corp. said: “Technology has the potential to address the biggest challenges and risks facing humanity today. The businesses working to solve these problems will require patient long-term capital and visionary strategic investment partners with the resources to nurture their success. SoftBank has long made bold investments in transformative technologies and supported disruptive entrepreneurs. The SoftBank Vision Fund is consistent with this strategy and will help build and grow businesses creating the foundational platforms of the next stage of the Information Revolution.” H.E. Yasir Al Rumayyan, Managing Director of the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, added: “Our investment in the SoftBank Vision Fund alongside other sovereign and corporate investors is an important part of our overall investment strategy. We are building a portfolio that is diversified across sectors, asset classes and geographies, and expect the Vision Fund to act as a platform to access a range of exciting, emerging opportunities in the technology sector. We expect that this will, in turn, help enable the Public Investment Fund’s role in supporting the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030 strategy to develop a diversified, knowledge-based economy.” Khaldoon Khalifa Al Mubarak, Group CEO of Mubadala Investment Company, said: “Our participation in the SoftBank Vision Fund perfectly complements Mubadala’s strategy as a long-term global investor and partner to the technology sector’s high-growth companies. Technology and innovation are central to the UAE’s economic diversification strategy, and we believe the Vision Fund has the scale to deploy significant capital into these disruptive industries that are shaping the future.” Investment Strategy The Fund will target meaningful, long-term investments in companies and foundational platform businesses that seek to enable the next age of innovation. The Fund will seek to acquire minority and majority interests in both private and public companies, from emerging technology businesses to established, multi-billion dollar companies requiring substantial growth funding. The Fund is expected to be active across a wide range of technology sectors, including but not limited to: IoT, artificial intelligence, robotics, mobile applications and computing, communications infrastructure and telecoms, computational biology and other data-driven business models, cloud technologies and software, consumer internet businesses and financial technology. The Fund will have the right to acquire certain investments already acquired (or agreed to be acquired) by the SoftBank Group, including 24.99% of its holding in ARM, and investments in Guardant Health, Intelsat, NVIDIA, OneWeb and SoFi. Key Leadership The Fund will be advised by wholly-owned subsidiaries of SBG, known collectively as “SB Investment Advisers”. Rajeev Misra will serve as the CEO of SB Investment Advisers and will be a member of the Investment Committee. He will play a key role in all Fund transactions, supported by a highly-experienced global team across offices in London, San Carlos, and Tokyo. Nizar Al-Bassam and Dalinc Ariburnu of newly formed Centricus, who advised on structuring and fund raising efforts for the Vision Fund, will continue their roles as advisers. ARM group Relationship to SoftBank Group Corp. This statement is issued by SVF GP (Jersey) Limited, as general partner of SoftBank Vision Fund L.P. ENDS Advisers Linklaters LLP acted as fund counsel and provided tax support. Kirkland & Ellis LLP acted as US regulatory counsel to the Fund, and Carey Olsen as Jersey fund counsel. Mori Hamada & Matsumoto and Maples & Calder provided additional legal and regulatory support. PwC provided tax, operational build and programme delivery support. Aztec Group will provide ongoing administration services. Goldman Sachs International acted as financial advisor. Milltown Partners provided strategic communications support. Legal disclaimers THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (THE “INFORMATION”) IS SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMERS, NOTES AND QUALIFICATIONS. No Offer. The distribution to you of the Information is made for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy limited partnership interests in SoftBank Vision Fund L.P. (together with, as the context may require, any parallel fund, feeder fund, co-investment vehicle or alternative investment vehicle, the “Fund”). The Information is not intended to be relied upon as the basis for an investment decision, and is not, and should not be assumed to be, complete. The contents of the Information are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice, and each prospective investor in the Fund should consult its own attorney, business advisor and tax advisor as to legal, business and tax advice. Forward-Looking Information. To the extent presented herein, any projections or other estimates included in the Information, including estimates of returns or performance, are forward-looking statements and are based upon certain assumptions. Other events which were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the actual returns or performance of the Fund and/or any of the companies in which the Fund, SoftBank Group Corp. (together with its subsidiaries, “SoftBank”) or any of their applicable affiliates have invested or may invest. Any assumptions should not be construed to be indicative of the actual events which will occur. Actual events are difficult to project and depend upon factors that are beyond the control of the Fund, SoftBank, the manager of the Fund ()Manager”), the general partner of the Fund ()General Partner”) and their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, advisers or agents. Certain assumptions have been made to simplify the presentation and, accordingly, actual results may differ, perhaps materially, from those presented herein. There can be no assurance that any specific investment referenced herein will be profitable, that the Fund will achieve results comparable to those presented or that investors in the Fund will not lose any or all of their invested capital. No Reliance. None of SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner or any of their applicable affiliates makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Information. SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner and their applicable affiliates will not be liable with respect to use or reliance upon any of the Information in the evaluation of a potential investment in the Fund or otherwise with the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank of any of their applicable affiliates. The Information speaks as of the date hereof, or where applicable as of the date indicated herein, and none of SoftBank, the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, managers, directors, officers, employees or agents have any obligation to update any of the Information. Certain Estimates. To the extent presented herein, any projections or estimates regarding the number, size or type of investments that the Fund may make (or other similar information) are estimates based only on the Manager’s intent as of the date of such statements and are subject to change due to market conditions and/or other factors. Date and Accuracy of Information. The Information contained herein speaks as of the date hereof or as of the specific date(s) noted herein, as applicable. The Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank and their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, advisers and agents do not have any obligation to update any of the Information. . None of the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank or any of their applicable affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein, and nothing contained herein should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to past or future performance of the Fund, any investment or any other entity. The Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank or any of their applicable subsidiaries or affiliates, and its and their respective members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents and advisors advisers cannot be held liable for the use of, and reliance upon, such materials and information and any opinions, estimates, forecasts and findings contained herein. Suitability. None of SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner or any of their applicable affiliate represents that the Information is all-inclusive or that the Information contains all information that may be desirable, necessary or required to properly evaluate a potential investment with SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner and/or their applicable affiliates. Any investment or investment activity to which this Information relates is available only to (i) persons falling within any of the categories of “investment professionals” as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001, as amended (the “CIS Order”) and Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “FPO”); (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of “high-net-worth entities” as described in Article 22(2) of the CIS Order and Article 49(2) of the FPO; or (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Exempt Persons”) on an invitation basis and will be engaged in only with such Exempt Persons. Furthermore, procedures are in place to assess the status of investment participants. Accordingly, persons who are not Exempt Persons (in particular, persons who would be classified as “retail clients” under the FCA rules) must not rely on this Information. In the case of persons outside the United Kingdom, investments or investment services referred to in the Information are only available on an invitation basis and are subject to procedures to assess status and suitability. For the avoidance of doubt, investments or investment services referred to in the Information are not available to private or retail customers. SoftBank and/or the Manager do not and will not act for you. In particular, SoftBank and/or the Manager do not and will not advise you or provide any other investment services to you and will not be responsible for providing you with any protections. No employee of, or other person associated with, SoftBank and/or the Manager has the authority to represent otherwise. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170520005010/en/ SOURCE: SVF GP (Jersey) Limited USA Sard Verbinnen & Co Paul Kranhold / Megan Bouchier softbank-svc@sardverb.com +1 415 618 8750 or EMEA, MENA, UK Finsbury Rollo Head / Andy Parnis softbank@finsbury.com +44 (0) 20 7251 3801 or JAPAN SoftBank Media Relations sbpr@softbank.co.jp +81 3 6889 2300 or INDIA SoftBank Paroma Roy Chowdhury paroma@softbank.com +91 (124) 4131400 or Website More information can be found at https://softbank-ia.com/ Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage There is a Trump rally after this rough week — a rise in his chances of staying in office Stock market set for showdown between bulls and bears Current White House official is target in Russia probe, and Trump told Lavrov that Comey was a ‘nut job’: reports Most Popular The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Stock market set for showdown between bulls and bears Bernanke: Always ‘puzzled’ by way markets ignore political risk until ‘last moment’ Trump administration wants to overhaul the way you repay student loans Barshefsky: China Stepped Up Reform Push Reversals MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple CarPlay to work wirelessly on new cars Many new vehicles will offer CarPlay via their wifi hot spot. Until now, all vehicles with CarPlay required the phone to be hardwired into the vehicles’ USB port. Post to Facebook Apple CarPlay to work wirelessly on new cars Many new vehicles will offer CarPlay via their wifi hot spot. Until now, all vehicles with CarPlay required the phone to be hardwired into the vehicles’ USB port.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2r4KrNF {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Apple CarPlay to work wirelessly on new cars Mark Phelan , Detroit Free Press Auto Critic 11:16 p.m. ET May 20, 2017 The 2017 BMW 5-series' wi-fi hot spot wirelessly transmits Apple CarPlay's smart phone apps to the car's touch screen. (Photo: Chris Tedesco, BMW) Story Highlights Apple CarPlay to work wirelessly in new cars in wifi hotspots BMW is first to offer feeature, other automakers expected to follow quickly 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Good news for Apple iPhone users: CarPlay, the system that reduces distraction using your smartphone in the car, now works wirelessly on some new cars and more are on the way. BMW’s new 5-series, and most of the automaker’s other 2017 models, now offer CarPlay’s benefits via their Wi-Fi hot spot. Until now, all vehicles that had CarPlay required the phone to be hardwired into the vehicles’ USB port. CarPlay allows  the driver to do web searches for directions, phone numbers, find gas stations, play music, send and receive text messages and use some apps hands-free. It also displays some of the phone’s features on the vehicle's dashboard. iPhone users have wanted the system to work wirelessly, but the phones’ Bluetooth connections didn’t have enough bandwidth for features such as real-time updating of navigation maps. See Apple CarPlay work in a Chevrolet Corvette Wi-Fi hotspots provide a sturdier connection that can transfer the phones’ more data-intensive features to the same screen the BMWs use for navigation and audio. Apple expects many more vehicles with CarPlay-friendly Wi-Fi systems to hit the road shortly. Transferring navigation information and music to the car via Wi-Fi uses less battery power than streaming music alone via Bluetooth, according to Apple. Apple won’t identify the next vehicles likely to offer the feature, but any Wi-Fi-equipped new model from an automaker with advanced infotainment is a likely candidate. That should include a number of vehicles from high-volume, affordable brands before the year is out. Contact Mark Phelan: mmphelan@freepress.com or 313-222-6731. Follow him on Twitter @mark_phelan. 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2r4KrNF
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple A look at 100 awesome iOS 11 features we hope Apple introduces at WWDC Yoni Heisler BGR News May 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share WWDC is now just about two weeks away and Apple has done an unusually solid job of keeping upcoming iOS 11 features under wraps. Still, it’s not as if Apple has been able to prevent any iOS 11 rumors from leaking out. Over the past few months, for example, we’ve seen indications that iOS 11 will feature enhanced Siri functionality, support for multi-user video chatting in FaceTime, peer-to-peer payments via Apple Pay, a Dark Mode option, smarter battery management software, and improved call quality. We even saw one sketchy rumor claiming that iOS 11 will alert a user when someone else takes a screenshot of an iMessage conversation. Now that’s all well and good, and even if we assume that all of the above rumors pan out, it’s a safe bet that iOS 11 will introduce a plethora of additional features designed to improve system performance and, more than anything, enhance the overall user experience. With a scarcity of iOS 11 rumors at our disposal, the EverythingApplePro YouTube channel recently put out a video highlighting an all-encompassing iOS 11 feature wish list. What makes the video remarkably impressive and engaging is that the vast majority of the suggested iOS 11 features are actually clever, intuitive, and user-friendly. Don't Miss: Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life The entire video is well worth watching in its entirety, but a few of the suggested features that struck a chord with me include: more control over what appears in the Control Center, a volume toggle that doesn’t obstruct the display when turning the sound up or down, a numbered-key row above the stock keyboard, the ability to pause and re-start a recording without creating a new video, and a more useful one-handed mode than what Reachability provides. All in all, the video below is without question one of the most thoughtfully crafted and extensive iOS wish lists we’ve ever seen. And far from focusing on fantastical features that are either impractical or impossible to pull off, the suggested iOS 11 features below are completely reasonable for Apple to incorporate. For as advanced as iOS has become, the following video demonstrates that iOS still a lot of room left for improvement. Trending right now: You won’t have to wait until November to buy Apple’s next-gen iPhone 8 These are the best Google Assistant features that Siri can’t match Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Android O: Google tries to fix Android's biggest weakness Yahoo Tech Scientists hunt down super rare T. Rex ant and are shocked at what they find BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Why leaked NSA hacking tools are not like stolen Tomahawk missiles Yahoo Tech ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Tech Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech The simple reason so many companies were hit by the WannaCry 2.0 ransomware Yahoo Tech How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Tech Google Home's mastermind has no intention of losing to Amazon Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Tech How Gogo will transform your Wi-Fi experience in the sky Yahoo Tech Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech NASA just discovered a bizarre ‘bubble’ around Earth, and humans accidentally created it BGR News Why Hulu with Live TV and other streaming TV services are worth the money Yahoo Tech Why investors are paying huge premiums for enormous tech companies Yahoo Tech These are the tech industry's 2 biggest concerns about Trump Yahoo Tech Android O’s most exciting new feature is a total game-changer BGR News Microsoft Surface Laptop hands-on: Taking on Apple Yahoo Tech
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Watercooler Like Follow Follow Apple’s lack of daycare isn’t an oversight, it’s a feature 1.8k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? By Cassie Murdoch2017-05-20 14:30:00 UTC After WIRED offered us all a peek into Apple’s new headquarters, one notable fact emerged: there’s no daycare center. Whooooopsie.  Except this was no mistake. It was a big fat message to anyone who might be contemplating trying to balance family life with their obsessive devotion to their job. And that message reads, in the sleekest font imaginable, “nope.” The 150-acre campus contains a huge fitness and wellness center and every other amenity you can possibly imagine. Basically everything you’d need to live your life at work. Unless, of course, your life includes children. Kids are many things, but mostly they are messy. That goes against Apple’s whole vision of how the world should be — and it’s a vision that most of Silicon Valley shares. I’m not talking about being physically messy, though sticky children don’t exactly coordinate with Apple’s pristine white glass aesthetic.  SEE ALSO: Women, You Don't Have to Be Loud to Be Good Leaders I’m talking about the fact that having kids messes with your life. They’re unpredictable, they get sick, they need attention — actual face time, not FaceTime. No one should stay at the office 24 hours a day, but most parents simply cannot.   Being expected to work all the time affects everyone, but the burden falls disproportionately on mothers. Women, as you may have heard, aren’t super well represented in Silicon Valley. So maybe it's not a surprise that no one in the heavily male upper echelon of Apple took into account that lining up childcare is a costly and complicated endeavor for most families. No one should stay at the office 24 hours a day, but most parents simply cannot.   On-site daycare, of course, is not a perfect solution. But having reliable child care at your office makes being a working parent a lot easier. And in fact companies who provide it, like Patagonia, see a huge return in the form of retaining great workers.  There are those who might argue that on-site child care isn’t practical for many employers. And that’s true. It requires space, though it’s hard to see how that’s a factor when this campus was custom built to serve the company’s exact needs. It’s also expensive, but come on, this is Apple we’re talking about. Cash is not a factor.  Apple clearly could have included a daycare center if they’d wanted to. Hell, they could have built an entire K-12 school too. And probably a rocket launching pad for that matter. But these just weren’t priorities. And that says a lot. (Well, not the rocket launcher, but the other stuff.) That’s maybe fine at this exact second, considering that daycare likely isn’t the most relevant benefit to large swathes of their workforce. After all, tech bros aren’t exactly breeders… yet.  But this whole campus is a massive investment in Apple’s future, and their employees will not stay 25 forever. They’re going to grow up, and they’re going to start having kids. And as soon as they do, they’re going to be crazy thirsty for a place to drop those children off while they do their work. Too bad they're not going to find it.  They will, however, find a daycare on Google's campus.  Apple's shiny new HQ is not even open yet and already this thing feels like a relic of the past. That's what you get for building something exactly in the way Steve Jobs envisioned it. He wasn't exactly known for his own work-life balance, and so it's not a surprise that his idea of the future didn't include anyone who might want to actually see their family.  Here’s the thing, though. Jobs is dead. And so is the idea that there’s no need for work-life balance in Silicon Valley. Lean in, riiiight? It may take a while for startup culture to come around to having families in-office, but it'll happen sooner or later. It says a lot that Apple’s current leadership decided to double-down on such a family-unfriendly policy now. It’s especially ironic, coming from a company whose famous for the motto “Think Different.” This is some very same-y, old school thinking.  And, make no mistake, there was plenty of thinking involved in this endeavor. Every molecule of the campus was designed within an inch of its life. They designed the door handles, the specific angle of the windows, the goddamn pizza boxes. They didn’t forget to put a daycare in, they just didn’t want one. WATCH: This toddler monitor is helping parents track their roaming kids Topics: Apple, family and parenting, Parenting, Steve Jobs, Watercooler, work/life Image: Vicky Leta/MashabLe About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 25, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Dealhacker: Save $200 On An iPhone 7 At JB Hi-Fi How To Buy A Puppy Without Getting Scammed How The Australian Bank Levy Will Affect You, The Customer Hump Day Deals: Best Of Click Frenzy Home 3-Ingredient Happy Hour: The Sweet And Tart Mulligan Meet Dragon's Breath: The World's New Hottest Chilli Will It Sous Vide? A Boozy Chocolate-Cherry Sundae Confirmed: Google Home Is Coming To Australia Entertainment All The Dangerous Things You Shouldn't Be Doing With Your Fidget Spinners The MP3 Is Dead, Long Live The MP3 (Maybe)  The Best Online Videos Of The Week Overwatch Is Free Next Weekend Travel Deals: Get 80% Off Military Grade Torches Australian Government Contemplates In-Flight Laptop Ban Would You Wear A 'Baby On Board' Button To Get A Seat On The Train?  New Google Maps Update Makes It Even Harder To Get Lost Health Get All Your Fitness Tracking Data In One Place Try Melbourne's New Delicacy: Deep-Fried Tequila This Post About Dog Pee Will Change Your Life Four Ways Junk Food Brands Befriend Your Kids Online Design How To Upgrade Your Computer's Login Screen Cleaning Your Mirrorless Camera Sensor, Minus The Panic Attack A Breakthrough In Flexible Electronics Could Turn Your T-Shirts Into Amazing Speakers Have Apple And Microsoft Traded Places? Work Productivity Upload Files Directly From Chrome's Download Bar By Dragging And Dropping How Do You Stay Creative When The World Is On Fire? 10 Strategies To Improve Motivation At School Or Work [Infographic] Everything New About Android From Google I/O Communicate Language App Duolingo Finally Added Japanese And It's Great NBN Technology 101: The World's Most Confusing Network Explained Dealhacker: Save 40% On Kogan Mobile's 12-Month Prepaid Plans How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Organise Briefly: Renewable Lego, New Star Trek Trailer, Mega Tax Fraud Briefly: Fantasy Noir, Aussie Wage Freeze, Trump FBI Bombshell Are Tesla Solar Tiles Worth The Money? Briefly: E3 Schedule, Flight Hacks, Pac-Manicures Career What Is The Average Australian Weekly Wage? How To Write A Resume From Scratch [Infographic] 15 Signs You're Underpaid At Work 'Don't Be A Know-It-All; Be A Learn-It-All' Business Travel Here's What The Hook By Your Aeroplane Tray Table Is For Brace Yourself: The US Wants To Ban Electronics On All European Flights Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Zones Provides Easy Time Zone Conversion On The IPhone Security Twitter Changed Their Privacy Policy, So Update Your Settings How To Protect Yourself Against Ransomware Attacks Change Your Passwords Right Now: 560 Million Email Credentials Have Been Leaked  Too Many Australians Are Still Using Windows XP Small Business & Startups Optus' Latest SMB Service Wants To Slay PABX Telephony Systems Should Your Business Be On Instagram? Elevator Pitch: Energy Locals How To Make Sure People See Your Page's Facebook Posts IT Pro Cloud OpenStack Gaining Ground Leading Into Australian Event Tape-as-a-Service Offers A New Take On An Old Solution Veeam Announces New DR Solution Using Microsoft Azure Veeam Announces Updated Office 365 Backup And Faster VM Recovery IT Career What You Need To Do Right After Graduating University How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions What Is The 'Net Promoter Score' And Why Should You Care? Veeam's Recruitment Mantra: Hire Hungry, Humble And Smart IT Security How To Completely Remove Google From Your Life Tape-as-a-Service Offers A New Take On An Old Solution WannaCry Is The Tip Of The Iceberg DDos Attacks Are Getting Smarter Developer Google's Coolest Tech Is Getting Harder And Harder To See Xamarin.Forms 3.0 Will Bring UI Support To .NET Desktop Platforms Four things You Need To Know From Google I/O Deals: This Is How You Can Build Smart Home Apps Deployment Unsung Australian Tech Ideas That Transformed The World Latest macOS Update Makes Windows 10 Creators Update Easier To Instal It's 2017. Why Are Windows PCs Still Infested With Bloatware? Review: Synology RT2600ac Router Servers Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers What Is The Average Australian Weekly Wage? Meet Dragon's Breath: The World's New Hottest Chilli Confirmed: Google Home Is Coming To Australia Post Pornhub, Australian Pornography Is Fighting For Survival Get All Your Fitness Tracking Data In One Place David Nield May 21, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android apps fitbit fitness fitness trackers google fit ios apps iphone apps mobile apps wearables Share You've got data pouring in from your connected fitness tracker, your smartphone, your smartwatch, the smart scales in your bathroom and the dieting app you use to log your meals — so how do you get all of this information in one place? It isn't easy, but here are a few pointers to help. Image: Fitbit Fortunately for those looking to consolidate their health and fitness data, most of these services have APIs, so there are options for pooling stats from different devices and apps. It's what Google and Apple have been trying to do with their own health and fitness portals, though with a limited amount of success so far. Using Google Fit Image: Google Google Fit now comes as standard on Nexus and Pixel devices, using the sensors packed into your phone (or Android Wear watch) to keep track of steps, sleep, and other measurements automatically. As you would expect from Google, it's slick and available on the web, but we're yet seeing much in the way of support from non-Google devices, even though Google Fit was first announced way back in summer 2014. Image: Screenshot There are a decent number of apps that work with Fit: Strava, Sleep As Android, and Runtastic, for example, so if you use these apps to track your running, walking, sleeping, and workouts then Google Fit is a decent option for consolidating everything in one place. What's missing is direct compatibility with the major wearable makers, the likes of Fitbit and Misfit, though Withings devices are supported. Compatible apps (here's a list) are usually connected from within each individual app's settings, so you'll need to dig around to find the option. From within the Google Fit app on Android, choose Settings from the menu then tap Apps connected to see what's piping data into Google Fit. Using Apple Health Image: Apple It's a similar story with Apple Health as it is for Google Fit — strong integration with Apple's own kit and support for some big-name apps, but more limited compatibility with actual devices you might be wearing on your body (unless it's the Apple Watch). Health is much broader in scope than Fit, acting as a repository for all of your medical data, not just the number laps your ran this morning. It also goes into greater depth when analysing your progress and making recommendations about where you can improve (like when to stop and take a breath). Image: Screenshot There's no easy way of checking which apps work with Apple Health and which don't, but as with Google Fit, Strava and Runtastic have joined the party, and Health links to apps from Misfit, Withings and Garmin too, so you can in theory use any of their wearables and pipe data through the default apps then on to Apple Health. Fitbit is the big hold-out. As with Google Fit, access is granted to Apple Health through the individual apps. Tap the Sources link on the front page of the Health app to see what you've linked up and adjust which variables each of the apps is allowed to edit. Using IFTTT Image: Screenshot We're unashamed fans of IFTTT (If This Then That), and the service plugs into just about every fitness tracking API out there including Fitbit, Jawbone, Withings, Misfit, Strava and more. This makes it even broader in scope than the offerings from Google and Apple. It's a shame then that IFTTT doesn't work with Google Fit or Apple Health directly. IFTTT isn't a repository for your data either, so once you've collected all the information from your various trackers and apps, you need to put it somewhere else. Fortunately, there are lots of options to pick from. You can pipe your statistics out to Evernote, for example, or a Google Drive spreadsheet, or OneNote, or even a blog post if you want the world to know what you're up to. A bit of trial and error might be required to get the data in the shape you need, but you've got plenty of scope for collecting and analysing feedback from multiple apps and devices. If you want to log your daily Fitbit stats to a Google Drive sheet, for example, choose Fitbit then Daily activity summary as your trigger, then Google Drive and Add row to a spreadsheet as your action. With a bit of touching up on the sheet itself, you can get a very decent-looking record of your exercise and sleep. Then you can import information from the spreadsheet into various apps. Using Exist We may well have saved the best until last. Exist draws in a ton of data from a range of fitness apps and devices, and will even go to the trouble of analysing it for you, letting you know which days you're most productive, and even how the weather affects your exercise. Exist works with Fitbit, Jawbone, Misfit, Withings, Google Fit, Apple Health (and the Apple Watch), Strava, Moves, Runkeeper and more besides. It can also pull in data from the likes of Last.fm, Spotify, Twitter, Dark Sky and RescueTime to try and chart your exercise against other factors like social media activity and how much music you're listening to. A subscription to Exist will set you back $US6 ($8) a month but there is a 30-day free trial available so you can work out whether it's for you. Once you've got yourself up and running, you can connect various services with just a few clicks. The online interface is a breeze to use and lets you dig into your stats in great detail, letting you chart different variables against each other. It also tries to pick out trends for you, letting you know everything from which music artist gets you exercising more to how your tweet patterns boost your step count. WATCH MORE: Healthy Living News & Ideas Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now All The Dangerous Things You Shouldn't Be Doing With Your Fidget Spinners Andrew Liszewski 21 May 2017 8:00 AM Like lawn darts, nano-magnets and slap bracelets, fidget spinners are only one stupid stunt away from becoming yet another forgotten fad. And as usual, instead of enjoying them responsibly, the internet is hard at work trying to find ways to make spinners as dangerous as playing with firecrackers. This is why we can't have fun things. Post Pornhub, Australian Pornography Is Fighting For Survival Mark Serrels 19 May 2017 1:00 PM The Australian porn scene is struggling. Post-Pornhub, there's simply less demand for paid content. But if history has proven anything, it's that pornography finds a way. We spoke to some of Australia's premier porn performers and producers. They're struggling, they're doing it tough, but they're using technology (and their innate sense of hustle) in a last gasp fight for survival. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Overwatch Is Free Next Weekend Deals: Get 80% Off Military Grade Torches Dealhacker: Save $200 On An iPhone 7 At JB Hi-Fi Deals: This Is How You Can Build Smart Home Apps Trending Articles 1 All The Dangerous Things You Shouldn't Be Doing With Your Fidget Spinners 2 What Is The Average Australian Weekly Wage? 3 Post Pornhub, Australian Pornography Is Fighting For Survival The New Fear The Walking Dead Teaser Sure Is... Something Arnold Schwarzenegger Will Reteam With James Cameron For The Next Terminator Movie Aussie-Made Zombie Flick Wyrmwood Is Getting A TV Series This Beautiful Circuit Board Is A 'Dis-Integrated' MOS 6502 Processor Pokemon Sun And Moon Mod Is A Hardcore Overhaul  The Surge Is Like Dark Souls Except You Can Dismember Everyone Topre Realforce RGB Keyboard Review: Life Beyond The Rubber Dome Mount & Blade Is Free On GOG Until Midnight Google's Coolest Tech Is Getting Harder And Harder To See Xamarin.Forms 3.0 Will Bring UI Support To .NET Desktop Platforms Upload Files Directly From Chrome's Download Bar By Dragging And Dropping Get All Your Fitness Tracking Data In One Place Inside 2 stunning, multimillion-dollar apartments at one of Zaha Hadid's final projects This 15-story underground doomsday shelter for the 1% has luxury homes, guns, and armoured trucks How to protect your eyes if you stare at screens all day Guys, here's exactly what you should wear to that wedding you have coming up © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Record First Quarter Results Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on San Francisco — Apple today announced powerful new Siri capabilities, single sign-on for Apple TV and many more great new features for users, making the entertainment experience in the living room even better. With expanded Siri capabilities, including searching across even more apps, YouTube search, topic search and tuning right into more live channels, customers can get to their favorite content even faster. The future of TV is apps, and with single sign-on customers can authenticate all the video channels from their pay-TV providers by simply signing in once to enjoy all of their network-TV apps. “The future of TV is apps, and Siri on Apple TV has changed the way we interact with our television and these expanded features will continue to deliver viewers what they want to watch even faster,” said Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. “There are over 6,000 apps to enjoy on your Apple TV including over 1,300 video channels, which are even more fun to watch with the new Siri features combined with single sign-on.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Next PostNext Global Apps for Earth campaign with WWF raises more than $8M Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive A party on the bridge: 'Walk and Roll' event showcases new Yucca Loma expanse Saturday May 20, 2017 at 4:54 PM May 20, 2017 at 4:56 PM Monica Solano Staff Writer @DP_MonicaInes APPLE VALLEY — Before rubber hits the road, thousands of residents and their pets literally took to the streets to experience the town's new Yucca Loma Bridge. “How often do you get to party on a bridge,” said Town spokeswoman Kathie Martin. “This has been in the talks for such a long time and to now see (the bridge) finally complete and open is such an exciting moment for our town.” After 11 years in the making, thousands of people came out to celebrate the newly completed Yucca Loma Bridge on Saturday morning. The bridge opened to pedestrian traffic on Friday. “We wanted to give residents the chance to experience the new bridge and bike path for themselves before it’s in full swing Monday morning,” Marin said. “So many people have told me how excited they were to finally be able to walk along the bridge. One man told me he had lived here for 40 years and would always look out from his window anticipating to use the bridge.” As children happy walked across the bridge with their parents by their side, others took to their bicycles and rode their way down to the end of the bridge while the first 750 participants received free event T-shirts. Timothy and Tara Lang, of Apple Valley, happily watched as their three sons Noah, Drew and Maxwell played with their toy cars along the walls of the bike path while they prepared for a bike ride down the bridge. “We told our kids this is the only time they’ll really get to play on the street,” said Timothy Lang jokingly. “We’re all really excited for this bridge. I used to ride my bicycle along the sidewalk on Bear Valley but it would terrify me with the cars being so close. I know my family and I will be using this bridge a lot.” Appearing on San Bernardino County circulation plans since as early as the 1960s, the bridge was identified as the town’s top transportation priority in 2006 in order to relieve traffic on Apple Valley Road and its intersections at Bear Valley and Highway 18. Today, it is the longest bridge in the High Desert that includes two lanes in each direction, barrier-protected pedestrian and bike paths, and Class II bike lanes on each side and travels from Apple Valley Road, across the Mojave River, past Mojave Narrows Regional Park along Yates Road and connect with Ridgecrest Road, according to Martin, The City of Victorville is also planning the third phase of the project that will extend Yates Road over the BNSF Railroad to Green Tree Boulevard at Hesperia Road. “It’s a wonderful addition to the community and we have been enjoying watching all the people come by and seeing the smile on their faces,” Martin said. The Yucca Loma Bridge is scheduled to open to traffic at approximately 9 a.m. Monday, according to officials. Monica Solano can be reached at MSolano@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6231. Follow her on Twitter @DP_MonicaInes. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Yesterday AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Latest drone flyover video shows gorgeous sunset footage of Apple Park Chance Miller - May. 20th 2017 1:53 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Park View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Earlier this week, we saw the first set of press images from Apple’s new Apple Park headquarters emerge as work continues on the campus. Now, Duncan Sinfield is back with his latest flyover video of Apple Park, taking us on a gorgeous sunset tour of the new spaceship building… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover While we saw some nighttime footage of Apple Park earlier this month, today’s video takes on a sunset-only tour of the campus. The video shows just how massive Apple’s new headquarters really are, as the building lights up the darker it gets outside. Furthermore, we can see work continue on Apple Park’s landscaping. While building itself is all-but-completed, the landscaping still largely resembles that of a construction site. Earlier this week, Wired got an exclusive look inside the spaceship ring of Apple Campus, going in depth on many of Apple’s goals with the campus, as well as the vision of Steve Jobs. The piece iterated the huge amounts of thoughts has gone into the smallest of details, much of it driven personally by Steve Jobs. Stefan Behling, one of Foster+Partner’s project leads says: They describe the level of attention devoted to every detail, the willingness to search the earth for the right materials, and the obstacles overcome to achieve perfection […] At one point, Behling recalls, Jobs discussed the walls he had in mind for the offices: “He knew exactly what timber he wanted, but not just ‘I like oak’ or ‘I like maple.’ He knew it had to be quarter-­cut. It had to be cut in the winter, ideally in January, to have the least amount of sap and sugar content. We were all sitting there, architects with gray hair, going, ‘Holy shit!’” Watch the full video of the sunset flyover below and let us know what you think of it down in the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Park Apple Park, previously titled Campus 2, will become the company's new headquarters in 2017 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Shares New iPhone 7 Photography Tutorial Videos Friday May 19, 2017 12:47 pm PDT by Juli Clover Earlier this month, Apple launched a new "How to Shoot on iPhone 7" website and video series featuring short tutorials designed to help users take advantage of the camera features built into the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. As of yesterday, four new tutorial videos have been added to the site, including how to shoot a horizon, how to capture an intimate moment, how to convert to black and white, and how to shoot with zoom on the iPhone 7 Plus. All four can be watched on Apple's tutorial site, but the latter two are also available on YouTube. Apple has 20 tutorial videos on its "How to Shoot on iPhone 7" website, and the company is slowly uploading each of the videos to YouTube. 13 of the 20 videos can be watched on Apple's YouTube channel. New YouTube additions include how to shoot a one-handed selfie and how to edit a selfie, two videos previously exclusively available on the tutorial site. Apple's videos are designed to teach iPhone 7 and 7 Plus users how to use the iPhone camera to capture various kinds of photos, including panoramas, portraits, action shots, night shots, and more. Each of the videos is approximately 40 seconds in length and includes a clear step-by-step tutorial on how to use each feature. Most of the videos are simple and straightforward, designed for people who don't often use the camera and haven't invested a lot of time in learning its features, but there are some neat tips and tricks that even more advanced users might find useful, like capturing a unique angle, shooting with a street light, capturing stills while filming, and more. Tag: Apple ads [ 20 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) meaning-matters 1 day ago at 01:06 pm After 3 years, I'm still locking the iPhone instead of taking a picture. Ridiculous design all for the sake of ****ing Ive symmetry. Rating: 5 Votes ck2875 1 day ago at 01:17 pm After 3 years, I'm still locking the iPhone instead of taking a picture. Ridiculous design all for the sake of f*cking Ive symmetry. iOS didn't even have the Volume-to-Shutter button idea for the camera until Camera+ by tap tap tap went around Apple's APIs and created their own to accomplish this ('https://www.engadget.com/2010/08/12/camera-pulled-from-app-store-for-volume-button-as-camera-shutt/'), which caused Apple to remove the app from the app store in late 2010. Then Apple added an api for it in 2011 for iOS 5 ('//www.macrumors.com/2011/10/13/ios-5-camera-volume-shutter-lock-screen-remote-triggering/'). So we have to be fair to Ive here: He's only had 5 years of iPhone releases to fix this annoyance that first appeared 2 years after Apple got on board with the concept of allowing the volume button to act as a manual shutter button. How quickly do you expect him to fix design issues that shouldn't have ever been an issue to begin with? /s Rating: 4 Votes tchadrainwater 1 day ago at 01:07 pm Apple has become a Toy company. Rating: 4 Votes SteveJobs2.0 15 hours ago at 08:36 am "This video will teach you how to use the all new zoom feature on your iPhone. Step 1: Press the zoom button. That's it for this video, see you next time!" Rating: 3 Votes Zaft 1 day ago at 12:54 pm Hopefully next iPhone will have a wider front facing camera. Rating: 3 Votes teddybearstand 1 day ago at 02:33 pm Just if app animations were as smooth as they are depicted in the videos... perhaps iOS11 will be this smooth... Rating: 2 Votes Relentless Power 1 day ago at 12:57 pm 7 Plus owner here. Useful techniques for myself as a camera enthusiast who wants maximize the capabilities of the dual camera. Rating: 2 Votes Ted_Appleseed 1 day ago at 12:51 pm Those music are dope! Rating: 2 Votes ck2875 1 day ago at 01:05 pm including [...] how to capture an intimate moment Hopefully this will teach people how to better use their iPhone in low-light situations when making 'intimate' films. Rating: 1 Votes Time Less 1 day ago at 01:03 pm Watching the videos on my iPhone made me want to press the shutter button and when it ended with :apple: I thought my phone rebooted. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Says 2011 MacBook Pro No Longer Eligible For 'Video Issues' Repair Program 5 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple says the following models are no longer eligible for its MacBook Pro Repair Extension Program for Video Issues: • 15-inch, Early 2011 • 15-inch, Late 2011 • 17-inch, Early 2011 •... 23 comments Musical.ly in Talks With Viacom and NBCUniversal to Create Original Programming 20 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular entertainment social network Musical.ly is in talks with media companies including Viacom and NBCUniversal to make original programming, according to people familiar with the matter (via... 7 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Leather Desk Organizer Set from Pad & Quill 2 days ago on iOS Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Pad & Quill to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a Leather Desk Organizer Set that includes a Large Leather Desk Pad, a Leather Mouse... 4 comments TouchArcade iOS Gaming Roundup: Zelda, The Sims, Oceanhorn 2, and More 2 days ago on iOS Blog Hey everyone! I'm Eli Hodapp, and I serve as Editor in Chief over at MacRumors' sister-site TouchArcade. If you haven't heard of us before, we're the largest iOS-exclusive gaming site... 14 comments iTunes Launches Sale and LEGO-Themed Makeover for Digital Release of 'The LEGO Batman Movie' 2 days ago on iOS Blog Apple today gave the iTunes Movies storefront a small visual overhaul to coincide with the digital home release of The LEGO Batman Movie, which will debut on DVD and Blu-Ray on June 13. With the... 12 comments Facebook Signs Deals With ESL and MLB in Ongoing Streaming Video Push 2 days ago on iOS Blog After its first sports-related streams went live early last year, focusing on soccer and hockey, Facebook this week has made inroads into two new categories that will bring fans of eSports and... 6 comments 3D Touch Component Costs for OLED iPhone '150% Higher' Than LCD Models 2 days ago on iOS Blog A new report on Friday added support to the claim that Apple is facing higher component costs for this year's highly anticipated OLED iPhone, which some analysts believe will carry a... 86 comments Telegram Encrypted Messenger Gains Video Support, Bot Payments, and More 2 days ago on iOS Blog Encrypted messaging platform Telegram received a significant update today, bringing video messaging, bot payments, and other new features to the chat app. In version 4.0 of Telegram, users can... 16 comments • Vevo Debuts Revamped Apple TV App With Curated Playlists and Video Previews (2) • 'Eggggg - The Platform Puker' Available for Free as Apple's App of the Week (28) • Facebook Messenger Redesign Makes it Easier to Navigate, Find Online Friends, and Play Games (38) • SwiftKey Keyboard for iOS Gains Refreshed Design, Animated Themes and Support for 68 New Languages (33) • Kanex Launches Apple Certified 'GoPower Watch Stand' With Extra USB Port for iPhone (22) • Pioneer Unveils New Aftermarket CarPlay Receivers, Including First Single-DIN Model For Older Vehicles (53) • SiriusXM Again Having 'Active Discussions' to Acquire Pandora (18)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Dark Lord Trip Report - The TouchArcade Show #307 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Old Man's Journey' Google Play Awards Winners Include 'Hearthstone', 'Transformers', and 'Mushroom 11' 'FIFA Mobile Soccer' Update Adds Real-Time VS Attack Mode and Improves Gameplay 'Elder Scrolls: Legends' Update Adds a Spectator Mode YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Apple Remains Best Performing DJIA Stock of 2017 By Paul Ausick May 20, 2017 9:50 am EDT Print Email Tweet Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) dropped $3.04 last week (1.9%), after posting a new 52-week high on Monday. The company remains the best-performing stock by a wide margin among the 30 equities that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). The company’s stock is up 32.15% year to date, well above second-place McDonald’s 21.71% improvement. The company’s market cap at Friday’s close was $810.19 billion, so its position as the world’s most valuable publicly traded company remains secure. But a 2% drop in Apple’s share price means that investors lost $16.2 billion in market value last week. That’s more than the market cap of Fiat Chrysler or Best Buy. Qualcomm filed a lawsuit against a number of Apple’s iPhone manufacturing partners last week, seeking royalty payments that have been withheld over a dispute between Qualcomm and Apple. That sent Apple stock down about 3% on Wednesday. The political situation in Washington is viewed by many investors and analysts as negative for a major tax reform bill by the end of this year. A tax holiday that would allow Apple to repatriate all or some of its $240 billion cash pile currently stashed offshore is similarly unlikely to go anywhere this year. On the plus side of the ledger, reports that Apple’s new top-of-the-line iPhone may have a retail price of $1,000 caused Goldman Sachs analysts to boost its price target on Apple stock from $164 to $170 and maintain a Buy rating. The firm expects strong demand for an expected 5.8-inch phone. Also noteworthy is Berkshire Hathaway’s increase in its holdings of Apple stock from 57.4 million to 129.36 million. Warren Buffett doubled his stake in Apple at the end of last year and, as of the end of March, doubled it again. Apple shares closed at $152.96 on Friday in a 52-week range of $91.50 to $154.36. The consensus 12-month price target is $153.96 in a price target range of $104 to $202 per share. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why One Analyst Thinks AMD’s Rally Could Be Over Read more: Technology, Corporate Performance, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The 25 Healthiest Cities in America 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks States With the Worst Roads Recent Apple Remains Best Performing DJIA Stock of 2017 Why One Analyst Thinks AMD’s Rally Could Be Over Verizon Remains DJIA’s Worst Performing 2017 Stock for Fifth Straight Week Why Analysts Are Still Positive on Cisco Even After This Report Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Tax-Free Investment vs. Taxable Investment What Types of Retirement Plans Can I Roll Over? 2 Top Cruise Line Stocks to Buy in 2017 Nasdaq Composite ends week down 0.6% For the week, Dow, S&P 500 end week off 0.4% Dow, S&P, Nasdaq finish week in the red, but pare worst of decline New Research Reports for Britol-Myers, Pricline & Phillips 66 Shire (SHPG) Up on Positive Phase III Study Data on HAE Drug Is Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Entering "Buy" Territory? Wall Street Week Ahead: Softer Dollar May Be Stock Silver Lining Amid Washington Drama Ex-FBI Director Comey To Testify In Public Senate Hearing Why Gerdau, Cosan, and Companhia Siderurgica Nacional Stocks Soared Today SWAMP Act Would Make Donald Trump Pay For His Own Visits To Mar-A-Lago Woman Awarded $100,000 For Starbucks Coffee Burns Senators Demand Answers After Reporter Is 'Manhandled' At FCC Hearing Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Yesterday AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Apple among companies meeting at White House next month to talk government modernization, immigration, more Chance Miller - May. 20th 2017 12:58 pm PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is again said to make a visit to the White House in the coming weeks. According to a new report from Recode, Apple is among a handful of companies who will meet with White House officials next week to discuss modernization, big data, and high-skilled immigration… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The report explains that the meeting will include Apple, Google, Facebook, and other tech companies. It falls under the blanket under of the new American Technology Council, which is an effort initiated by President Trump to modernize government and citizen services and being led by Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner. The meeting will focus on things such as using machine learning to tackle waste and fraud, and analytics. The White House is also said to have interest in an “exchange” program that would allow engineers to spend brief periods of time at the White House for a specific task. Here is how the White House describes the American Technology Council: American people should be able to interact with the government the way that they do with the best private-sector companies — through intuitive digital experiences that effectively solve problems. The White House goes on to say that in their current state, many federal agencies offer a “very poor experience defined by outdated websites, unhelpful call centers, and thousands of pages of paper-based forms.” With the help of Silicon Valley companies like Apple, the Trump Administration hopes to make government services “more intuitive, user-friendly, and effective.” This meeting won’t be the first time Apple has made the trip to meet with Trump Administration officials. In December, Tim Cook traveled to Trump Tower to join a handful of tech executives in talking immigration, China, and job creation. Furthermore, Cook separately met with Trump son-in-law Jared Kusher and Ivanka Trump, a meeting for which Apple VP of environment, policy, and social initiatives Lisa Jackson was also in attendance. While Apple and Cook have vocally opposed President Trump’s immigration actions thus far, Cook believes that it’s better to be in the game than on the sidelines, thus his reasoning for attending these meetings. This is something he explained in an open-letter to Apple employees. The first meeting of the American Technology Council is set to take place on June 19th Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 241% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 110% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple's Classy Move Is Smarter Than You May Think Today at Apple rolls out, giving the consumer-tech giant a way to attract more customers. Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) May 20, 2017 at 2:09PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is hoping to school its customers -- in a good way. The world's most valuable consumer-tech company began offering Today at Apple experiences at its namesake stores this week. The classes and workshops cover everything from coding to computer-assisted art sessions.  Apple is no stranger to turning its 495 stores into classrooms. It has offered introductory courses covering its products and platforms for years. Today at Apple is more evolutionary than revolutionary. However, by offering more conventional sessions -- and offering more themed nights like Teacher Tuesday and Kids Hour -- Apple is hoping to woo consumers beyond the ones that are just starting out on one of its products. It's brilliant, and in a week that began with investors getting giddy as the stock hit another all-time high, it's a savvy development that isn't generating a lot of attention. Image source: Apple. Class act Apple announced the new initiative last month, but Recode is reporting that Today at Apple officially launched on Tuesday. Turning the educational component of its stores into town halls for higher learning is believed to be the handiwork of Angela Ahrendts, leaving her imprint on the chain of stores. Ahrendts was CEO at Burberry until 2014, when she left to head up Apple's retail arm.  Today at Apple is brilliant. There's little downside to the push, outside of the investment to outfit its stores with new mobile screens to enhance the sessions. The upside is substantial. At the very least, it makes Apple's free workshops cool. Before this week's tweak, Apple's in-store sessions attracted first-time iPhone owners or folks looking for tips on creating music through GarageBand or editing videos on iMovie. Today at Apple is tossing out a wider net, and this is where things start to get interesting. Let's say you have an interest in photography. There's no shortage of online courses or night school classes available locally. YouTube tutorials are always a free click away. However, Apple's new sessions offer an interesting approach. There are six "how to" courses covering aspects including shooting and editing. More advanced smartphone shutterbugs can opt for Photo Walks, where participants leave the stores to hit area subjects to delve into lighting and storytelling. Apple now has the means for folks to make the Apple Store a bigger part of their free time, and keeping them close and coming to its stores will make it that much easier for Apple to expose them to all of the shiny new gadgetry and updates that it will be rolling out in the years to come. Today at Apple generates demand at a time when its stock price is making promises its fundamentals will have to keep. Apple shares have soared 62% over the past year -- up 32% in 2017 alone -- and revenue has posted year-to-year declines in back-to-back quarters. Investors are bidding Apple up in anticipation of what will happen in the future, particularly when it rolls out its new iPhone 8 later this year.  Folks will line up outside Apple Stores when the new smartphone marking the 10th anniversary of the iPhone is introduced. Today at Apple may keep folks coming before and after, when there are no hot products to introduce. Apple's getting smarter about making consumers smarter, and that's -- well -- smart business. Rick Munarriz owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Rick has been writing for Motley Fool since 1995 where he's a Consumer and Tech Stocks Specialist. Yes, that's a long time with more than 20,000 bylines over those 22 years. He's been an analyst for Motley Fool Rule Breakers and a portfolio lead analyst for Motley Fool Supernova since each newsletter service's inception. He earned his BBA and MBA from the University of Miami, and he splits his time living in Miami, Florida and Celebration, Florida. Follow @market Article Info May 20, 2017 at 2:09PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $152.90 up $0.36 (0.24%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China This Apple Inc. Watch Competitor Totally Failed This Apple Inc. iPhone Rumor Sounds Sketchy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple's Classy Move Is Smarter Than You May Think @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Sunday, May 21, 2017 North Bay, ON 12° Overcast Sponsored by: Canadore College Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Events UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Programming know-how sparks invitation By GORD YOUNG, The Nugget Saturday, May 20, 2017 2:21:03 EDT PM Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error   Two North Bay high school students are off next month to California's tech Mecca to attend Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference. David Moore, a Grade 11 student at St. Joseph-Scollard Hall and Ozzie Kirkby, a Grade12 student at Ecole Secondaire Catholique Algonquin, have both received scholarships to attend Apple's developers conference in Silicon Valley. which runs from June 5 to 9. Both Moore and Kirkby will be attending the event for a second consecutive year. "I went last year and it was a super cool experience. To go again is just amazing," said Kirkby, who plans on attending university next year to study computer science. The two young developers are self-taught and have for years been coding and building their own apps, including some that are available in Apple's App Store. They're among 350 scholarship recipients aged 13 and older from around the world who will be joining Apple's developer community during the conference for hands-on labs, one-on-one consultations, speakers and events. Both Moore and Kirkby said they're looking forward to speaking one-on-one with Apple engineers. "That's the best part of the conference. You can go and ask whatever questions you want," said Moore, who's planing for a career in biotechnology. He said the conference is also a chance to network with a bunch of like-minded people and to get a glimpse at some of the latest technology. Kirkby agreed, noting the chance to visit Silicon Valley and experience the culture is exciting. The two earned their scholarships through an application process that involved creating a visually interactive scene in Apple Swift playground that can be experienced within three minutes. They also had to write supplemental essays about their creations and themselves. One of the main apps that Kirkby has developed is called Outflow, which manages subscriptions so users know exactly when monthly bills are due. "I learned it all from the Internet . . . and watching YouTube videos," he said, explaining how he has been programming since the age of 11. Moore launched his first official app in Apple's App Store at the age of 11. He has since added several more. His work includes an app that he developed for his parent's business - Resolution Machining - which allows shop workers to access data and communicate with the second-floor offices via iPads and iPhones. As part of a co-op placement, Moore is also currently working with Canadore College to build a digital signage app, which will allow the college to manage promotions that will be displayed on screens at the school.  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Services DOMES ELECTRIC Insurance Rivet Insurance Education International Baccalaureate Program Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with North Bay Nugget Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options North Bay View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow North Bay Nugget Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Lacrosse Curling Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Events Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Contests Polls Weather My Flyers Playoff Pool Frugal Fridays Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print North Bay Nugget Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 North Bay Nugget. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple Blames Exploding Beats Headphones Incident On Third-Party Batteries International Business Times Denisse Moreno 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL These 10 companies control everything you buy 15 Social Security scams you need to watch out for © Provided by IBT US Apple has blamed third-party batteries for an explosion of Beats By Dre headphones that burned a woman’s face while she was sleeping on a flight in February, according to the Australian Associated Press. The Australian woman, who asked not to be identified, was traveling from Beijing to Melbourne, Australia when she woke up two hours into the flight to the sound of her headphones exploding and a burning sensation. The woman’s face, hands and hair were burned during the incident. Popular Searches Sothebys BID ▲ 50.01 +0.47 +0.95% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 959.84 +1.35 +0.14% JC Penney Co Inc JCP ▲ 4.56 +0.07 +1.56% Walt Disney Co DIS ▲ 107.52 +0.84 +0.79% She was looking to get reimbursement for her headphones and ruined clothing, but Apple said the incident was not due to product defects. "Our investigation indicated the issue was caused by a third-party battery," the Cupertino company said in a statement shared by the woman's lawyers. The woman said she bought the batteries in Australia. "The headphones don't work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones - or their packaging - did it specify which brand of batteries should be used," she said. The battery and cover of the headphones were melted and stuck on the floor of the airplane. “I continued to feel burning so I grabbed them off and threw them on the floor. They were sparking and had small amounts of fire," the woman said back in February. "As I went to stamp my foot on them the flight attendants were already there with a bucket of water to pour on them. They put them into the bucket at the rear of the plane.” Load Error The incident sparked chaos among passengers traveling on the aircraft. The smell of melted plastic, burnt electronics and burnt hair filled the airplane, with people “coughing and choking the entire way home.” After the incident, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) reminded travelers of safety precautions when using battery-powered devices. The Bureau recommended: - Batteries should be kept in an approved stowage, unless in use - Spare batteries must be in your carry-on baggage NOT checked baggage - If a passenger’s smartphone or other device has fallen into the seat gap, locate their device before moving powered seat. - If a passenger cannot locate their device, they should refrain from moving their seat and immediately contact a cabin crew member. Apple’s blame on third-party batteries comes after Samsung Galaxy Note 7 devices were globally recalled last year after the phones were found to cause battery fires. The Galaxy Note 7 failure cost Samsung $5.3 billion in operating profit. In October 2016, a Galaxy Note 7 replacement burst into flames on a Southwest Airlines flight. After the incident, the devices were banned from all U.S. aircrafts by the U.S. Department of Transportation, with the Federal Aviation Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. Regulators said passengers with the Note 7 would be denied boarding a flight, and could face fines and even criminal prosecution if they were found to have violated the ban. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from International Business Times How Your iPhone Is Making You Lonely International Business Times What Is 'Sologamy'? People Are Now Getting Married To Themselves International Business Times How to decrypt your files if you've been hit by WannaCry International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction One of only eight working models in the world, the machine fetched 110,000 euros (USD 125,000), well below the expected 180,000-300,000 euros -- suggesting that a spike in prices after Jobs' 2011 death is definitely over. By: AFP | Berlin | Published: May 20, 2017 11:29 PM A rare working Apple-1, the first computer produced by Steve Jobs’ world-beater-to-be company four decades ago, sold for less than expected at auction in Germany today. (Reuters) A rare working Apple-1, the first computer produced by Steve Jobs’ world-beater-to-be company four decades ago, sold for less than expected at auction in Germany today. One of only eight working models in the world, the machine fetched 110,000 euros (USD 125,000), well below the expected 180,000-300,000 euros — suggesting that a spike in prices after Jobs’ 2011 death is definitely over. “From our point of view we are back at normal levels. Five years after the death of (Apple co-founder) Steve Jobs the ‘hype’ has settled back,” Uwe Breker, who oversaw the auction in Cologne, told AFP. Also watch: Breker’s auction house, which specialises in the sale of technical antiques, had also been involved in a 2013 sale of another Apple-I — which fetched 516,000 euros. The model auctioned off Saturday and whose original owner was a Californian engineer, still had its receipt, its operating manual and other documents. “(The Apple 1) was one of the first opportunities for someone to possess a real computer. I’d been working with computers for a while but they were huge,” original owner John J. Dryden, who bought the Apple in 1976, said Friday. He admitted that parting with the machine was a wrench but said the time had come as he had not used it in a long time. The computer was one of around 200 Apple 1 units marketed by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, who developed and built it. Today’s buyer was a German engineer who collects old computers. No Comments. Don't Miss Government should think about taxing rich farmers, says Bimal Jalan US visa, immigration row: As lay-offs hit IT industry, Nasscom steps up lobbying in America Consumer durables firms anticipate July-August sales dip on GST GST to cut inflation by 2%, create buoyancy in economy: Hasmukh Adhia Donald Trump, in address to Muslims, urges fight against terror In tribute to A P J Abdul Kalam, NASA names new species after him FPIs stay bullish on India, pump in $2 billion in May Three years of Narendra Modi government: Jairam Ramesh says Centre has failed on job creation, agricultural growth and investment Coal scam case: CBI seeks 7 years jail for ex-coal secretary H C Gupta Congress pays tributes to Rajiv Gandhi on his 26th death anniversary Business Gallery Donald Trump’s first foreign trip after becoming President: Take a look Sachin: A Billion Dreams: Tendulkar meets PM Narendra Modi, gets an inspiring message; check pics Goa bridge collapse: Victims watching suicide bid fall into river Keam result 2017: Entrance Examination results likely today, visit cee.kerala.gov.in for updates Indian Navy’s INS Sharda saves MV Lord Mountbatten crew from pirates in Gulf of Aden; check out photos Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News लड़की द्वारा 'साधू' का लिंग काटने पर बोले शशि थरूर- कानून हाथ में लेने की जगह पुलिस में जाना चाहिए था काटजू के बयान ने पाक मीडिया में बटोरी सुर्खियां, जाधव की फांसी को ICJ में उठा भारत ने की गलती रजनीकांत की राजनीति में एंट्री को लेकर बिफरे सुब्रमण्यम स्वामी, बताया 'अनपढ़' और 'महामूर्ख' Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Tim Cook spotted testing blood sugar tracker for the Apple Watch Apple Tim Cook spotted testing blood sugar tracker for the Apple Watch By Bindu Nair - May 20, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Apple CEO Tim Cook has been spotted out and about at the brand’s campus testing a prototype glucose tracker which pairs with the Apple Watch. Unlike current monitoring devices which employ tiny sensors that penetrate the skin, the tracker he was utilizing is apparently non-invasive and uses optical sensors to shine a light through skin. This is a pretty big breakthrough if true. Several companies over the years have tried to come up with ways to track glucose levels without piercing the skin but have failed. A source told CNBC that Cook was wearing a glucose tracker on the Apple Watch, hinting at a future where the wearable would become a must-have device rather than a luxury commodity. Having a smartwatch continuously track blood sugar levels would help people with diabetes and those at risk of getting it as well. Cook reportedly spoke at length about this during a speech to students at the University of Glasgow back in February this year, stating that he had been wearing a glucose monitor for a few weeks. Also See: Apple officially starts manufacturing iPhones in India He didn’t say specifically say whether it was an Apple prototype, but this seems very likely. He explained that he’s been able to understand how his blood sugar responded to foods and make changes to keep his levels more consistent. The CEO then discussed the mental anguish that a person with diabetes goes through since they have to stick a needle on themselves several times a day. Cook then talked about the hope that a person who arms themselves with constant knowledge of what they’re eating will adjust to healthier living well before they actually become diabetic. He even spoke about being excited for Apple’s contribution to this specific sector. CNBC had previously come out with an in-depth report about Apple’s top-secret plans for using the Apple Watch to keep an eye on glucose levels. The firm appears to be fairly far along since it’s supposedly already moved on to conducting feasibility trials at clinical sites. A small team of biomedical engineers have apparently been hard at work on the project for the past 5 years. Interestingly enough, 3 people familiar with the matter claim that the entire initiative originally came from the mind of late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs. We’ll have to wait and see whether the company can follow through on his vision and deliver a product that will help the millions of people suffering from diabetes. SOURCECNBC TAGS Apple Watch Tim Cook SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleMoto Z2 Force leaked render reveals dual cameras, ShatterShield display Next articleNew WannaCry fix recovers your files without any ransom Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR This could be the iPhone 8’s final design Apple officially starts manufacturing iPhones in India Apple granted patents for bezel-free screen, embedded Touch ID 244,230FansLike 13,621FollowersFollow 14,425SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More New WannaCry fix recovers your files without any ransom Bindu Nair - May 20, 2017 0 Tim Cook spotted testing blood sugar tracker for the Apple Watch Bindu Nair - May 20, 2017 0 Moto Z2 Force leaked render reveals dual cameras, ShatterShield display Bindu Nair - May 20, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 5/20/17 - 05/20/2017 - Lambert Strether WSJ: JJ Jelincic to Leave CalPERS Board - 05/20/2017 - Yves Smith The Bank Competition Myth - 05/20/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/19/2017 - 05/19/2017 - Lambert Strether Notes From an Emergency: Tech Feudalism - 05/19/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/19/17 - 05/19/2017 - Lambert Strether Trump Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin Renounces Commitment to Glass-Steagall While Saying He Isn’t - 05/19/2017 - Yves Smith Private Equity’s Lousy Governance - 05/19/2017 - Yves Smith Quelle Surprise! Pricey Housing Discourages Having Kids - 05/19/2017 - Yves Smith Notes From an Emergency: Tech Feudalism Posted on May 19, 2017 by Yves Smith Yves here. This is a wide-ranging, lively, sobering talk about the implications of tech feudalism and what we can do about it. By Maciej Cegłowski,  a painter and computer guy who lives  in San Francisco and runs a bookmarking site called Pinboard. Originally published at Idle Words This is the text version of a talk I gave on May 10, 2017, at the re:publica conference in Berlin. The good part about naming a talk in 2017 ‘Notes from an Emergency’ is that there are so many directions to take it. The emergency I want to talk about is the rise of a vigorous ethnic nationalism in Europe and America. This nationalism makes skillful use of online tools, tools that we believed inherently promoted freedom, to advance an authoritarian agenda. Depending on where you live, the rise of this new right wing might be nothing new. In the United States, our moment of shock came last November, with the election of Donald Trump. The final outcome of that election was: 65.8 million for Clinton 63.0 million for Trump This was the second time in sixteen years that the candidate with fewer votes won the American Presidency. There is a bug in the operating system of our democracy, one of the many ways that slavery still casts its shadow over American politics. But however tenuously elected, Trump is in the White House, and our crisis has become your crisis. Not just because America is a superpower, or because the forces that brought Trump to power are gaining ground in Europe, but because the Internet is an American Internet. Facebook is the dominant social network in Europe, with 349 million monthly active users. Google has something like 94% of market share for search in Germany. The servers of Europe are littered with the bodies of dead and dying social media sites. The few holdouts that still exist, like Xing, are being crushed by their American rivals. In their online life, Europeans have become completely dependent on companies headquartered in the United States. And so Trump is in charge in America, and America has all your data. This leaves you in a very exposed position. US residents enjoy some measure of legal protection against the American government. Even if you think our intelligence agencies are evil, they’re a lawful evil. They have to follow laws and procedures, and the people in those agencies take them seriously. But there are no such protections for non-Americans outside the United States. The NSA would have to go to court to spy on me; they can spy on you anytime they feel like it. This is an astonishing state of affairs. I can’t imagine a world where Europe would let itself become reliant on American cheese, or where Germans could only drink Coors Light. In the past, Europe has shown that it’s capable of identifying a vital interest and moving to protect it. When American aerospace companies were on the point of driving foreign rivals out of business, European governments formed the Airbus consortium, which now successfully competes with Boeing. A giant part of the EU budget goes to subsidize farming, not because farming is the best use of resources in a first-world economy, but because farms are important to national security, to the landscape, to national identity, social stability, and a shared sense of who we are. But when it comes to the Internet, Europe doesn’t put up a fight. It has ceded the ground entirely to American corporations. And now those corporations have to deal with Trump. How hard do you think they’ll work to defend European interests? The Feudal Internet The status quo in May 2017 looks like this: There are five Internet companies—Apple, Google, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook. Together they have a market capitalization just under 3 trillion dollars. Bruce Schneier has called this arrangement the feudal Internet. Part of this concentration is due to network effects, but a lot of it is driven by the problem of security. If you want to work online with any measure of convenience and safety, you must choose a feudal lord who is big enough to protect you. These five companies compete and coexist in complex ways. Apple and Google have a duopoly in smartphone operating systems. Android has 82% of the handset market, iOS has 18%. Google and Facebook are on their way to a duopoly in online advertising. Over half of the revenue in that lucrative ($70B+) industry goes to them, and the two companies between them are capturing all of the growth (16% a year). Apple and Microsoft have a duopoly in desktop operating systems. The balance is something like nine to one in favor of Windows, not counting the three or four people who use Linux on the desktop, all of whom are probably at this conference. Three companies, Amazon, Microsoft and Google, dominate cloud computing. AWS has 57% adoption, Azure has 34%. Google has 15%. Outside of China and Russia, Facebook and LinkedIn are the only social networks at scale. LinkedIn has been able to survive by selling itself to Microsoft. And outside of Russia and China, Google is the world’s search engine. That is the state of the feudal Internet, leaving aside the court jester, Twitter, who plays an important but ancillary role as a kind of worldwide chat room. Google in particular has come close to realizing our nightmare scenario from 1998, a vertically integrated Internet controlled by a single monopoly player. Google runs its own physical network, builds phone handsets, develops a laptop and phone operating system, makes the world’s most widely-used browser, runs a private DNS system, PKI certificate authority, has photographed nearly all the public spaces in the world, and stores much of the world’s email. But because it is run by more sympathetic founders than Bill Gates, because it builds better software than early Microsoft did, and because it built up a lot of social capital during its early “don’t be evil” period, we’ve given it a pass. Security It’s not clear that anyone can secure large data collections over time. The asymmetry between offense and defense may be too great. If defense at scale is possible, the only way to do it is by pouring millions of dollars into hiring the best people to defend it. Data breaches at the highest levels have shown us that the threats are real and ongoing. And for every breach we know about, there are many silent ones that we won’t learn about for years. A successful defense, however, just increases the risk. Pile up enough treasure behind the castle walls and you’ll eventually attract someone who can climb them. The feudal system makes the Internet more brittle, ensuring that when a breach finally comes, it will be disastrous. Each of the big five companies, with the important exception of Apple, has made aggressive user surveillance central to its business model. This is a dilemma of the feudal internet. We seek protection from these companies because they can offer us security. But their business model is to make us more vulnerable, by getting us to surrender more of the details of our lives to their servers, and to put more faith in the algorithms they train on our observed behavior. These algorithms work well, and despite attempts to convince us otherwise, it’s clear they work just as well in politics as in commerce. So in our eagerness to find safety online, we’ve given this feudal Internet the power to change our offline world in unanticipated and scary ways. Globalism These big five companies operate on a global scale, and partly because they created the industries they now dominate, they enjoy a very lax regulatory regime. Everywhere outside the United States and EU, they are immune to government oversight, and within the United Statesl the last two administrations have played them with a light touch. The only meaningful attempt to regulate surveillance capitalism has come out of the European Union. Thanks to their size and reach, the companies have become adept at stonewalling governments and evading attempts at regulation or oversight. In many cases, this evasion is noble. You don’t want Bahrain or Poland to be able to subpoena Facebook and get the names of people organizing a protest rally. In other cases, it’s purely self-serving. Uber has made a sport of evading all authority, foreign and domestic, in order to grow. Good or bad, the lesson these companies have drawn is the same: they need only be accountable to themselves. But their software and algorithms affect the lives of billions of people. Decisions about how this software works are not under any kind of democratic control. In the best case, they are being made by idealistic young people in California with imperfect knowledge of life in a faraway place like Germany. In the worst case, they are simply being read out of a black-box algorithm trained on God knows what data. This is a very colonial mentality! In fact, it’s what we fought our American War of Independence over, a sense of grievance that decisions that affected us were being made by strangers across the ocean. Today we’re returning the favor to all of Europe. Facebook, for example, has only one manager in Germany to deal with every publisher in the country. One! The company that is dismantling the news industry in Germany doesn’t even care enough to send a proper team to manage the demolition. Denmark has gone so far as to appoint an ambassador to the giant tech companies, an unsettling but pragmatic acknowledgement of the power relationship that exists between the countries of Europe and Silicon Valley. So one question (speaking now as an EU citizen): how did we let this happen? We used to matter! We used to be the ones doing the colonizing! We used to be a contender! How is it that some dopey kid in Palo Alto gets to decide the political future of the European Union based on what they learned at big data boot camp? Did we lose a war? The lack of accountability isn’t just troubling from a philosophical perspective. It’s dangerous in a political climate where people are pushing back at the very idea of globalization. There’s no industry more globalized than tech, and no industry more vulnerable to a potential backlash. China and Russia show us that the Internet need not be a world-wide web, that it can be subverted and appropriated by the state. By creating a political toolkit for authoritarian movements, the American tech giants may be putting their own future at risk. Irreality Given this scary state of the world, with ecological collapse just over the horizon, and a population sharpening its pitchforks, an important question is how this globalized, unaccountable tech industry sees its goals. What does it want? What will all the profits be invested in? What is the plan? The honest answer is: rocket ships and immortality. I wish I was kidding. The best minds in Silicon Valley are preoccupied with a science fiction future they consider it their manifest destiny to build. Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk are racing each other to Mars. Musk gets most of the press, but Bezos now sells $1B in Amazon stock a year to fund Blue Origin. Investors have put over $8 billion into space companies over the past five years, as part of a push to export our problems here on Earth into the rest of the Solar System. As happy as I am to see Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos fired into space, this does not seem to be worth the collapse of representative government. Our cohort of tech founders is feeling the chill breath of mortality as they drift into middle age. And so part of what is driving this push into space is a more general preoccupation with ‘existential risk’. Musk is persuaded that we’re living in a simulation, and he or a fellow true believer has hired programmers to try to hack it. Peter Thiel, our most unfortunate German import, has built a survival retreat for himself in New Zealand. Sam Altman hoards gold in Big Sur. OpenAI, a religious cult thinly disguised as a research institution, has received $1B in funding to forestall the robot rebellion. The biggest existential risk, of course, is death, so a lot of money is going to make sure that our big idea men don’t expire before the world has been received the full measure of their genius. Google Ventures founded the very secretive life extension startup Calico, with $1.5B dollars in funding. Google loses $4B a year on its various “moon shots”, which include life extension. They employ Ray Kurzweil, who believes we’re still on track for immortality by 2045. Larry Ellison has put $370M to anti-aging research, as anybody would want to live in a world with an immortal Larry Ellison. Our plutocrats are eager to make death an opt-out experience. Now, I’m no fan of death. I don’t like the time commitment, or the permanence. A number of people I love are dead and it has strained our relationship. But at the same time, I’m not convinced that a civilization that is struggling to cure male-pattern baldness is ready to take on the Grim Reaper. If we’re going to worry about existential risk, I would rather we start by addressing the two existential risks that are indisputably real—nuclear war and global climate change—and working our way up from there. But real problems are messy. Tech culture prefers to solve harder, more abstract problems that haven’t been sullied by contact with reality. So they worry about how to give Mars an earth-like climate, rather than how to give Earth an earth-like climate. They debate how to make a morally benevolent God-like AI, rather than figuring out how to put ethical guard rails around the more pedestrian AI they are introducing into every area of people’s lives. The tech industry enjoys tearing down flawed institutions, but refuses to put work into mending them. Their runaway apparatus of surveillance and manipulation earns them a fortune while damaging everything it touches. And all they can think about is the cool toys they’ll get to spend the profits on. The message that’s not getting through to Silicon Valley is one that your mother taught you when you were two: you don’t get to play with the new toys until you clean up the mess you made. The circumstances that have given the tech industry all this power will not last long. There is a limited time in which our small caste of tech nerds will have the power to make decisions that shape the world. By wasting the talents and the energies of our brightest people on fantasy role play, we are ceding the future to a more practical group of successors, some truly scary people who will take our tools and use them to advance a very different agenda. To recap: the Internet has centralized into a very few hands. We have an extremely lucrative apparatus of social control, and it’s being run by chuckleheads. The American government is also being run by chuckleheads. The question everybody worries about is, what happens when these two groups of chuckleheads join forces? The Winter For many Americans, the election was a moment of profound shock. It wasn’t just Trump’s policies that scared us. It was the fact that this unserious, cruel, vacant human being had been handed the power of the American presidency. Scariest to me was how little changed. No one in the press or in social media had the courage to say “we fucked up.” Pundits who were stunned by the election result still made confident predictions about what would happen next, as if they had any claim to predictive power. After the election both Facebook and Google looked at the mountains of data they had collected on everyone, looked at the threats the Trump Administration was making—to deport 11 million people, to ban Muslims from entering the country—and said to themselves, “we got this.” The people who did worry were tech workers. For a moment, we saw some political daylight appear between the hundreds of thousands of people who work in the tech sector, and the small clique of billionaires who run it. While the latter filed in to a famously awkward meeting with Trump and his children at the top of his golden tower, the former began organizing in opposition, including signing a simple but powerful pledge to resign rather than help Trump fulfill one of his key campaign promises: barring Muslims from the United States. This pledge was a small gesture, but it represented the first collective action by tech workers around a political agenda that went beyond technology policy, and the first time I had ever seen tech workers come out in open defiance of management. A forest of new organizations sprung up. I started one, too, called Tech Solidarity, and started traveling around the country and holding meetings with tech workers in big cities. I had no idea what I was doing, other than trying to use a small window of time to organize and mobilize our sleepy industry. That feeling of momentum continued through when Trump took office. The Women’s Marchin January brought five million people out onto the streets. America is not used to mass protests. To see the streets of our major cities fill with families, immigrants, in many cases moms and daughters and grandmothers marching together, that was a sight to take your breath away. Hard on the heels of it came the travel ban, an executive order astonishing not just in its cruelty—families were split at airports; in one case a mom was not allowed to breastfeed her baby—but in its ineptitude. For a week or two lawyers were camped out at airports, working frantically, sleeping little, with spontaneous efforts to bring them supplies, get them funding, to do anything to help. We held a rally in San Francisco that raised thirty thousand dollars from a room of a hundred people. Some of the organizations we were helping couldn’t even attend, they were too busy at the airport. It didn’t matter. The tech companies did all they could to not get involved. Facebook has a special ‘safety check‘ feature for exactly this kind of situation, but never thought of turning it on at airports. Public statements out of Silicon Valley were so insipid as to be comical. Employees, however, were electrified. It looked like not only visitors but permanent residents would be barred from the United States. Google employees staged a walkoutwith the support of their management; Facebook (not wishing to be left behind) had its own internal protest a couple of days later, but kept it a secret. Every time the employees pushed, management relented. Suddenly top executives were going on the record against the travel ban. People briefly even got mad at Elon Musk, normally a darling of the tech industry, for his failure to resign from the President’s advisory council. The silent majority of tech employees had begun to mobilize. And then… nothing happened. This tech workforce, which had gotten a taste of its own power, whose smallest efforts at collective action had produced immediate results, who had seen just how much sway they held, went back to work. The worst of Trump’s travel ban was blocked by the court, and we moved on. With the initial shock of Trump in office gone, we now move from crisis to crisis, but without a plan or a shared positive goal. The American discomfort with prolonged, open disagreement has set in. When I started trying to organize people in November, my theory was that tech workers were the only group that had leverage over the tech giants. My reasoning went like this: being monopolies or near-monopolies, these companies are impervious to public pressure. Boycotts won’t work, since opting out of a site like Google means opting out of much of modern life. Several of these companies are structured (unusually for American corporations) in such a way that the board can’t control the majority of votes. At Google and Facebook, for example, the ultimate say goes to the founders. And since Google and Facebook are the major online publishing outlets, it’s unlikely that the press would ever criticize them, even if journalists were capable of that kind of sustained attention. So that leaves just one point of leverage: employees. Tech workers are hard to find, expensive to hire, take a long time to train, and can have their pick of jobs. Tech companies are small compared to other industries, relying heavily on automation. If even a few dozen workers on an ops team acted in concert, they would have the power to shut down a tech giant like Google. All they had to do was organize around a shared agenda. Workers seemed receptive to the argument, but confused about how they could make collective action a reality. Trade unions in the United States have been under attack for decades. There is almost no union culture in technology. Our tech workers are passive and fatalistic. So here I am in Europe, wondering, what on Earth can we do? And I keep coming back to this idea of connecting the tech industry to reality. Bringing its benefits to more people, and bringing the power to make decisions to more people. Closing the Loop After Communism collapsed in Poland, I started visiting the country every eight months or so. Even in the darkest period of the 1990’s, it was striking to see people’s material standard of living improve. Suddenly people had cars, phones, appliances. These gains were uneven but broad. Even farmers and retirees, though they were the hardest hit, had access to consumer goods that weren’t available before. You could see the change in homes and in public spaces. It was no longer necessary for office workers in Kraków to change their shirts at lunchtime because of soot in the air. The tap water in Warsaw went from light brown to a pleasant pale yellow. For all the looting, corruption, and inefficiency of privatization, enough of the new wealth got through that the overall standard of living went up. Living standards in Poland in 2010 had more than doubled from 1990. In the same time period, in the United States, I’ve seen a whole lot of nothing. Despite fabulous technical progress, practically all of it pioneered in our country, there’s been a singular failure to connect our fabulous prosperity with the average person. A study just out shows that for the median male worker in the United States, the highest lifetime wages came if you entered the workforce in 1967. That is astonishing. People born in 1942 had better lifetime earnings prospects than people entering the workforce today. You can see this failure to connect with your own eyes even in a rich place like Silicon Valley. There are homeless encampments across the street from Facebook headquarters. California has a larger GDP than France, and at the same time has the highest poverty rate in America, adjusted for cost of living. Not only did the tech sector fail to build up the communities around it, but it’s left people worse off than before, by pricing them out of the places they grew up. Walk the length of Market Street (watch your step!) in San Francisco and count the shuttered store fronts. Take Caltrain down to San Jose, and see if you can believe that it is the richest city in the United States, per capita. The massive increase in wealth has not connected with a meaningful way with average people’s lives even in the heart of tech country, let alone in the forgotten corners of the country. The people who run Silicon Valley identify with progressive values. They’re not bad people. They worry about these problems just like we do; they want to help. So why the failure to do anything? Like T.S. Eliot wrote: Between the idea And the reality Between the motion And the act Falls the Shadow As I said earlier, the tech industry hates messy problems. We’d rather dream up new problems we can solve from scratch. One reason nothing happens is a culture of tax evasion. There’s a folk belief in American business that if you pay full taxes, you’re not doing your fiduciary duty, and your board will fire you. Apple now has a quarter trillion dollars offshore that it refuses to put into direct productive use in the United States. Apple boasts that its products are designed in California—they will sell you a $300 book called Designed By Apple In California. But they do their damndest to make sure that California never sees a penny of their overseas profits. You in the EU are all too familiar with this brand of tax evasion. Google, Amazon, Apple, Microsoft have all been under investigation or in court on charges of evading European taxes. Another reason good intentions don’t translate is that capitalism, especially venture capital, doesn’t work very well when there is vast wealth inequality. The richest 20 people in tech control a fortune of half a trillion dollars in personal wealth, more than the GDP of Sweden. This small subculture of wealthy technophiles promotes investment into luxury goods for rich people, or into “mom as a service” types of companies that cater to spoiled workaholics in the tech industry. And so we end up with things like a $120M juice squeezer, or three startups competing to deliver organic baby food. Silicon Valley brings us the worst of two economic systems: the inefficiency of a command economy coupled with the remorselessness of laissez-faire liberalism. One reason it’s been difficult to organize workers in the tech industry is that people have a hard time separating good intentions from results. But we have to be cold-blooded about this. Tech companies are run by a feckless leadership accountable to no one, creating a toolkit for authoritarianism while hypnotized by science-fiction fantasy. There are two things we have to do immediately. The first is to stop the accelerating process of tracking and surveillance before it can do any more harm to our institutions. The danger facing us is not Orwell, but Huxley. The combo of data collection and machine learning is too good at catering to human nature, seducing us and appealing to our worst instincts. We have to put controls on it. The algorithms are amoral; to make them behave morally will require active intervention. The second thing we need is accountability. I don’t mean that I want Mark Zuckerberg’s head on a pike, though I certainly wouldn’t throw it out of my hotel room if I found it there. I mean some mechanism for people whose lives are being brought online to have a say in that process, and an honest debate about its tradeoffs. I’m here today because I believe the best chance to do this is in Europe. The American government is not functional right now, and the process of regulatory capture is too far gone to expect any regulations limiting the tech giants from either party. American tech workers have the power to change things, but not the desire. Only Europe has the clout and the independence to regulate these companies. You can already point to regulatory successes, like forcing Facebook to implement hard delete on user accounts. That feature was added with a lot of grumbling, but because of the way Facebook organizes its data, they had to make it work the same for all users. So a European regulation led to a victory for privacy worldwide. We can do this again. Here are some specific regulations I would like to see the EU impose: A strict 30 day time limit on storing behavioral data. The right to opt out of data collection while continuing to use services. A ban on the sale or transfer of behavioral data, including to third-party ad networks. A requirement that advertising be targeted strictly to content, not users. With these rules in place, we would still have Google and Facebook, and they would still make a little bit of money. But we would gain some breathing room. These reforms would knock the legs out from underground political ad campaigns like we saw in Brexit, and in voter suppression efforts in the US election. They would give publishers relief in an advertising market that is currently siphoning all their earnings to Facebook and Google. And they would remove some of the incentive for consumer surveillance. The other thing I hope to see in Europe is a unionized workforce at every major tech company. Unionized workers could demand features like ephemeral group messaging at Facebook, a travel mode for social media, a truly secure Android phone, or the re-imposition of the wall between Gmail and DoubleClick data. They could demand human oversight over machine learning algorithms. They could demand non-cooperation with Trump. And I will say selfishly, if you can unionize here, it will help us unionize over there. If nothing else, we need your help and we need you to keep the pressure on the tech companies, the Trump Administration, and your own politicians and journalists, so that the disaster that happened in the United States doesn’t repeat itself in Germany. You have elections coming soon. Please learn from what happened to us. Please stay safe. And please regulate, regulate, regulate this industry, while you can. Thank you. 009902 This entry was posted in Globalization, Guest Post, Income disparity, Politics, Technology and innovation on May 19, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Links 5/19/17 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/19/2017 → Subscribe to Post Comments 122 comments DJG May 19, 2017 at 10:20 am Definitely worth reading and reading again. What popped on first reading is the description of the rise of income in Poland and the stagnation of income in the U S of A. What pops for me on seccond reading is these paragraphs about tax evasion and income inequality: >> One reason nothing happens is a culture of tax evasion. There’s a folk belief in American business that if you pay full taxes, you’re not doing your fiduciary duty, and your board will fire you. Apple now has a quarter trillion dollars offshore that it refuses to put into direct productive use in the United States. Apple boasts that its products are designed in California—they will sell you a $300 book called Designed By Apple In California. But they do their damndest to make sure that California never sees a penny of their overseas profits. You in the EU are all too familiar with this brand of tax evasion. Google, Amazon, Apple, Microsoft have all been under investigation or in court on charges of evading European taxes. Another reason good intentions don’t translate is that capitalism, especially venture capital, doesn’t work very well when there is vast wealth inequality. [Tax evasion isn’t just a folk belief: It is taught in U.S. law schools and in business schools, along with union busting.] Reply ↓ Jef May 19, 2017 at 10:52 am What the author inadvertently points out is that capitalism, particularly the so called consumer capitalism that we have is like a board game; It has a begining when anything is possible. A middle when a broad spectrum of players prosper and there is extra money for infrastructure and public amenities. Then an end where wealth is increasingly concentrated in fewer and fewer hands and the waste stream has taken its toll. Reply ↓ diptherio May 19, 2017 at 11:49 am Another reason good intentions don’t translate is that capitalism, especially venture capital, doesn’t work very well when there is vast wealth inequality. The author does not understand that capitalism creates vast wealth inequality: that’s the whole point. Inequality is a feature, not a bug, and so trying to save capitalism while eliminating vast wealth inequalities is working at cross-purposes, and only one of those aims can be successful…and guess which one it always is? Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive May 19, 2017 at 11:56 am +100 Reply ↓ Wisdom Seeker May 19, 2017 at 12:39 pm “capitalism creates vast wealth inequality: that’s the whole point.” Not in Adam Smith’s world, nor Henry Ford’s. True capitalists prosper by creating wealth which improves the lives of everyone around them. Crony capitalists, the ones we have now, strip wealth from others. Witness today’s bubble-and-bust cycles rather than the prior widespread economic growth. The capitalism you see today is an abomination of the original concept, just as Mnuchin’s claim to support “Glass Steagall” is an abomination. And don’t get me started on the “Affordable” Care Act, or the “Patriot” act which gutted the Constitution… P.S. The original author’s article is riddled with glaring factual errors, but he has the big picture right: it’s time to restore Antitrust Law and apply it to the internet monopolists. And restore privacy rights… and… and… it’s a long list. Start fighting now, if you want anything to happen in your lifetime! Reply ↓ Carla May 19, 2017 at 2:05 pm The author’s central thesis strikes me as correct: that Europe provides the only hope for applying any brakes whatsoever to the American tech sector. I hope someone over there is listening, as prospects here seem utterly hopeless. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 2:21 pm Freedom means people should have reasonable alternatives, choices on any product, service or ideology. Today’s internet experience lacks that freedom aspect quite a bit. Reply ↓ diptherio May 19, 2017 at 2:42 pm Hokum. The “theory” is that it benefits everyone, but the reality is quite different. Tell me, when where these good old days, of “true” capitalism? Back when we were enslaving Africans? Back when we were hanging Wobblies? Back when we had to put nets around our factories to keep the workers from committing suicide? Please…the dictatorship of the proletariat worked out just fine in Marx’s theory, too. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman May 19, 2017 at 3:00 pm Another one for the gallery of glaring factual errors: “capitalists prosper by creating wealth”. Unless that was an epic typo for something like: “workers fail to prosper while creating wealth”. As for “the original concept” of “capitalism”, in which district of the astral plane did you find that? Apart from his anthropological sci-fi about the origins of money in “barter”, Adam Smith generally tried to write about the real world. Just like Marx, except that Smith was speaking for a different class interest, whose “moral philosopher” imagined himself to be. For that reason, “capital” and “capitalist”(n.) were important concepts for Smith and Marx alike, but “capitalism” — a sort of hybrid implying the social reality and the ideology cheerleading for it at once without ever really distinguishing between the two — is an abstraction that neither had much time for, and one that only really caught on once both were dead. Reply ↓ Wisdom Seeker May 19, 2017 at 4:01 pm Wasteman – for a start, unlike todays Cronyists, Adam Smith understood that capitalism would not function for the benefit of all unless monopolies were restrained by government: “The interest of the dealers [referring to stock owners, manufacturers, and merchants], however, in any particular branch of trade or manufacture, is always in some respects different from, and even opposite to, that of the public. To widen the market and to narrow the competition, is always the interest of the dealers. To widen the market may frequently be agreeable enough to the interest of the public; but to narrow the competition must always be against it, and can serve only to enable the dealers, by raising their profits above what they naturally would be, to levy, for their own benefit, and absurd tax upon the rest of their fellow-citizens. (Adam Smith, Wealth of Nations (Amherst, New York: Prometheus Books, 1991), pages 219-220)” See here for more details: https://machineryofpolitics.wordpress.com/2012/01/04/adam-smith-on-the-crisis-of-capitalism-2/ Another interesting perspective is from J. K. Galbraith (sorry I lost the source) who pointed out that in an economy with healthy competition, profit margins are lower, but employment and wage income are necessarily higher. Reply ↓ diptherio May 19, 2017 at 5:14 pm And pray tell, who is it who will restrain the monopolists? Our elected officials, who just so happen to be under the control of those same capitalists? Which is possible due to the vast wealth inequalities that capitalism generates…. Capitalists, almost without exception, do everything in their power to avoid competition. The idea is to make a profit and competition is antithetical to that. Lots of things are good in theory, like three-way relationships. Reality, on the other hand, feels no obligation to correspond with theory. Reply ↓ sierra7 May 19, 2017 at 9:24 pm Eventually the “sharpened pitchforks”…..the guillotine worked well during the French Revolution….we’re getting closer and closer! As far as the rest of the article you may as well as put a bag over you’re head if you pay attention to all the things that these giants of the internet (and our fed government) are doing daily. We all make choices; I choose to use the internet only for information, not banking or real personal transactions. I could give a hoot on what they gather as far as their algorithmic interpretations of my roaming the internet. I purchase extremely small and really insignificant items thru the internet. I choose not to participate wholly in contemporary life. I’m fortunate; been retired for more than 20 years; moved away from Silicon Valley and if I can help it only commune with the squirrels and other forms of nature. All the “giants” of capitalism have been eventually toppled; big steel; big coal; big rail; big anything….they all go down….eventually. And I won’t weep a tear if JBezos or others strap a rocket onto their asses an blast off into space….good riddance. Reply ↓ darthbobber May 20, 2017 at 12:15 am But the “non-monopolist” capitalism in the Victorian era had incredibly stark poverty and starvation throughout a very broad swathe of the working class, so much so that government intervention on hours and conditions of work came to be seen as a military necessity because so many young workers suffered sufficient malnutrition and disease to be unsuitable for cannon fodder. Indeed, the rise of the socialist movement took place during a much more competitive era of capitalism than we have today. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman May 20, 2017 at 1:17 am Didn’t mean to question Smith’s dislike of monopolists or the sincerity of his belief that he was writing moral philosophy throughout. In fact the earlier comment wasn’t intended polemically against him at all. His idea of “the public” is unlike mine in that it doesn’t seem to include the [90+?]% at the unlucky end of the division of labour, much less the unluckier indigenous inhabitants of “new territories” or the indentured (at best) workforce shipped out to replace them. But my point was more: 1. that Smith, Ricardo and Marx wrote about capital and capitalists, not about “capitalism” as such, and: 2. that it’s not true that capitalists — however benign and monopoly-averse they may mean to be — ever create wealth. Only labour can do that. Smith’s own articulation of a “labour theory of value” is in some ways more concise and easily explained to skeptics than Marx’s, but he also seems to have felt obliged to come up with a theory of the redeeming social utility of capitalists, because they and their immediate dependents constituted “the public” in his taxonomy of human sub-species. That doesn’t make him a fool or a bad guy, just a forthright spokesman for the “embattled” Scottish bourgeoisie of the 18th century. Most interestingly of all, there’s at least a case to be made that he theorized the “tendency of the rate of profit to fall” a century before Marx and maybe even “perpetual primitive accumulation” two centuries before Autonomist Marxists [http://www.midnightnotes.org/index2.html]. And this theory of crisis (‘Wealth of Nations’, book 1, ch. 8/9: The wages of labour/The profits of stock) was not about monopolies but about ever more futile competition for diminishing returns on “stationary” capital. The only remedy for which was for some bold East/West India Company-type Public-Private Partnership to claim “new territory”, which would be fabulously profitable for a while until everyone else caught on and the whole thing had to be started over again somewhere “newer”. As in the scramble for the Caribbean in the late 18th century, for Africa in the late 19th/1st half of the 20th, or Eastern Europe post-1989. Or, less “successfully”, the Darien Scheme [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darien_scheme] of the 1690s, but that would probably not have been one of Smith’s favourite case studies. Reply ↓ skippy May 20, 2017 at 2:24 am Ain’t that the rub – new territories – so when the physical no longer affords…. a new territory must be created… Reply ↓ Jason Dusek May 20, 2017 at 3:38 am In Smith’s world, markets and trade created wealth. In so far as capitalism means just that, great; but it seems to be loaded with something else nowadays. Smith did not support unregulated markets; nor did he embrace the idea that what was good for capital was good for society. To Smith’s thinking, the cost of goods was made up of paying for: * Labor, the input of skill and effort; * Capital, the input of equipment and goods consumed; * Rent, the provision of appropriate space and access to water, roads, harbors, &c. These three components of price more or less correspond to three classes of person in Smith’s mind, people who earn their keep primarily with labor, capital or rent. Notably, Smith felt that those who relied on capital were the only ones whose interest was opposed to social welfare as a whole. A declining society meant an increasing relative value of the assets they possessed; whereas in a declining society what can be paid for rent or wages necessarily decreases. Reply ↓ Ruben May 20, 2017 at 6:44 am Just one point of disagreement. I find it difficult to accept that those American tech companies are “internet monopolists”. Their power seems to be wildly exaggerated. The author says that without Google there is no modern life. Come on that’s preposterous. There are several choices in the internet search field. If people are lazy and don’t look around is their own fault. Same with Apple, Amazon, Facebook and Microsoft. Choices are everywhere (Cyrillic and Chinese markets are dominated by other companies) and the option to opt out as well. Of those five MS is the most dangerous because it is a bit more difficult to switch from Windows to Linux, but still, there is Ubuntu. Reply ↓ Vatch May 19, 2017 at 3:27 pm capitalism creates vast wealth inequality Not exactly. Capitalism extends or expands existing inequality. It was the development of agriculture several thousand years ago that broke the approximate egalitarianism of the hunter gatherer lifestyle. Even that had some inequality, but not much. For more information, see the early chapters of The Great Leveler, by Walter Scheidel. Reply ↓ diptherio May 19, 2017 at 5:23 pm Hence the “vast” part. I’m not so silly as to think that before capitalism there was not wealth inequality. But not the type where a few hundred people control more wealth than a few billion. It would seem to me, on just a gut level based on a little reading, that whereas systems like feudalism were unequal but relatively stable*, i.e. the level of inequality stayed the same generation to generation, capitalism’s dynamics have caused inequality to skyrocket, both nationally and globally. *Or at least cyclically stable, as with regular debt jubilees in Sumer. Reply ↓ Vatch May 19, 2017 at 9:21 pm 2000 years ago wealth inequality was vast in the Roman empire and in the Chinese Han empire, both of which were pre-capitalistic. You’re correct that European feudalism was less extreme than modern capitalism. That’s one of the points of Scheidel’s book: state collapse sometimes leads to greater equality, and the collapse of the Roman empire is an example. Reply ↓ darthbobber May 20, 2017 at 12:17 am Yes. Inability to produce a surplus above subsistence in the first place does indeed obviate the problem of somebody appropriating more than their share of said surplus. Reply ↓ HBE May 19, 2017 at 3:11 pm “Living standards in Poland in 2010 had more than doubled from 1990.” This sentence annoyed me to no end. Yes, the reason that is true is because every capitalist country in the world worked to smash and destroy communism without pause for its entire life and then internal and external oligarchs snatched up everything. Living standards increased over that period in Poland but so did inequality and poverty. So the country got some shiny new consumer goods (which the author seems enamored by) while the populations poverty rate continues to climb. Thank god for privatization (“Suddenly people had cars, phones, appliances” and suddenly poverty surged as well), and the end of those no good dirty commies, right? Reply ↓ vlado May 19, 2017 at 4:02 pm Yeah, it’s really a pity that author of such a well-written piece confuses GDP with living standards. If that was the case people wouldn’t vote for nationalist and populists. In any case, despite very good performance of Polish economy, its convergence to West Europe at least in terms of GDP (PPP) is questionable as the cases of Czech Republic and Slovenia show. See the article The convergence dream 25 years on in Bruegel Reply ↓ visitor May 19, 2017 at 6:04 pm There is a reason why people voted for the populist PiS and ousted the liberals who had made such a great job at bringing Poland into the EU and its “market society”. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 19, 2017 at 11:17 pm It is neither helpful nor logically sound to engage in black and white thinking. And you have NO basis whatsoever to dispute the claim that living standards have increased in Poland when Cegłowski has seen it happen over his regular visits there. I have a friend who is Polish (undergrad degree there, grad degree from MIT) and she also says things have improved a great deal This is clearly the case for the former East Germany, Hungary, and Czech Republic. You discredit yourself with factually unfounded, knee-jerk reactions. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive May 19, 2017 at 10:23 am A long but brilliant article that everyone should take the time to read! I want all the techies in my family to read it because it points out some of the uneasiness even techies feel about the their industry. My favorite paragraph (although there were many close seconds): “But real problems are messy. Tech culture prefers to solve harder, more abstract problems that haven’t been sullied by contact with reality. So they worry about how to give Mars an earth-like climate, rather than how to give Earth an earth-like climate. They debate how to make a morally benevolent God-like AI, rather than figuring out how to put ethical guard rails around the more pedestrian AI they are introducing into every area of people’s lives.” Yep……. Reply ↓ Dead Dog May 19, 2017 at 11:39 am yes, well worth it. Thank you Yves (again). Reply ↓ diptherio May 19, 2017 at 12:05 pm I found it an odd mix of straight-talk and naivete. The NSA can’t spy on Americans without a warrant? Go ahead, pull the other one. Talking about the “collapse of representative government” as if we’ve ever had one. All very cute, and very silly. His suggestions for putting the brakes on are good, but insufficient. My ideas as to how to go about, “connecting the tech industry to reality. Bringing its benefits to more people, and bringing the power to make decisions to more people,” is here: http://threadingthepearls.blogspot.com/2014/11/youre-doing-it-wrong-politics-as-if.html Imagine a political party with no national platform—a party where local rank-and-file members select candidates from among themselves, and dictate the policies those candidates will support. [2] Imagine a political party whose candidates are transparent; one that guarantees every member an equal voice in shaping the actual policy proposals—and the votes—of their representatives. Imagine a political party whose focus is on empowering the rank-and-file members, instead of the charismatic con-artists we call politicians. Imagine a political party that runs on direct democracy, from bottom to top: open, transparent and accountable…. we’ll need an app…maybe two The app already exists, actually, and it’s called Loomio. Podemos uses it, along with a lot of other people: https://www.loomio.org/ Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 2:28 pm That popular vote comment is misleading as well. A previous example was given about a hypothetical House vote, where, in yes-districts, voters are split 51-49 yes (assuming that is so…lots of times, congress persons vote ‘their conscience’) and voters in no-districts are 90-10 for no. Yes votes win by one. In that case, the popular vote actually is for No. And that has nothing to do with slavery. It’s how the math works in a representative voting system. Reply ↓ PhilM May 19, 2017 at 3:32 pm Before responding to MLTPB, I’d like to voice my opinion that the OP article is thoughtful and reflects a decent level of awareness of the reality of the world, along with positive solutions that would be achievable in a polity that had the public good as its aim. As for MLTPB’s opinion on the vote, I beg to differ: it has everything to do with slavery. That’s how the numbers work in our system, which is imperial, not representative. It’s a bitch when instead of Augustus you get Caligula, but it doesn’t change the basic reality of how the system works, and has worked since Ike. In our imperial system, it does not matter to the people whether they vote, or how; it matters, occasionally, to the contestants’ position in the power structure, but nothing more than that. Here is the reality: the people in any office in our federal government—basically everyone who lives in or around Washington DC—have the same relationship to American people as they have to Russian, Chinese, or Indian people: that of serving their own interests; predation, if you will; animal husbandry, if you prefer. They will act so as to extract the maximum value consistent with not-killing-the-goose-that-lays-the-golden-eggs from every person, wherever they are located, whatever their religion, whatever their nationality, as long as they are powerless, which means everyone who is a private citizen, however rich, or a small business; everyone who is not a Forbes 500 corporation. The notion that the federal government is somehow tied to “Americans,” or even to the geographical entity now known as the USA, much less to the values expressed in the so-called “founding documents,” is a child’s bedtime story. It’s amusing that it took the election of Trump to bring this realization about; but really, that is why some of us actually voted for Trump: to rub the idiots’ noses in the reality of their political environment. (Not me, mind you; because I do not bother to vote: when I want something done, I write a check, like any experienced consumer of government services.) There is a cure, but it is not changing the election mechanism so the choice of president results from the popular vote totals in a population of 300 million. No, it means changing it so there are 1000 presidents and 100,000 representatives and 1000 supreme courts, and 1000 republics. Those are the numbers that would achieve representative government the way it was designed to function by people who knew. Alternatively, you could reduce federal taxation to 1/10th of its current level, and assign all other taxation to the township, with a population limit of 20,000. Now you would have something that is no longer imperial. But since most people since the dawn of history have lived under organizations that are imperial with perfect happiness, the appropriate course of action is not to struggle in futility for change, which would almost certainly do more harm than good, and result in an outcome that would just use up the world’s resources more swiftly in the chaos of consumption and war. The optimum course is to watch reruns of amusing sitcoms and eat good food; to gratify the animal pleasures and such pleasures of the mind as remain to aging bodies mistreated by pharmaceuticals; and to die as quickly and painlessly as the authorities permit. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 5:37 pm In our imperial system, it does not matter to the people whether they vote, or how; it matters, occasionally, to the contestants’ position in the power structure, but nothing more than that. In that case, the popular vote question is not a question anymore (with the current 1 president, instead of 1,000 setup), as you point out here: There is a cure, but it is not changing the election mechanism so the choice of president results from the popular vote totals in a population of 300 million. I have mentioned before that Rome had, at one time, 2 or 4 co-emperors. You suggest 1,000 presidents, as a solution. That’s nothing to do with slavery, except in the sense that we’re all serfs or slaves. It about making one’s voice heard within a smaller group, having someone representing you along with fewer constituents. The inherent problem of having representatives vote, versus direct voting, is still here, as in the example given above. The math scales up and down. Reply ↓ PhilM May 19, 2017 at 9:14 pm Thanks for your thoughtful response. I meant just what you did in terms of “slavery” in the sense that we all are slaves if we have no effective representation. It was a word in common use by the Founders before the revolution, who often described themselves as “slaves,” with staggering hypocrisy, considering how many of them actually held human beings as property. It was a hypocrisy frequently pointed out at the time. The math scales badly if representation is sufficiently distant to be theoretical, not actual. The math of the Founders, originally set at 1 year and 30,000 souls per “representative,” was intended so that the people voting in the house would give a true picture of the intent of their constituency. The idea was that no man would pay a tax he did not agree with. How many people could say that they would pay their taxes willingly today? And yet that was the standard of the time: pay only for those things that the majority agree is worth buying for the public good. Reply ↓ Thomas Williams May 19, 2017 at 11:04 am Nice piece: Two things to note – The Clintons, Bush & Obama presided over this mess and aided in it’s creation but the albatross of abuse is being hung on Trump. – He shares an enormous egotistical blind spot common to tech workers. He wants unionization and strength for tech workers but seems to advocate for a globalized work force. More than anything else, foreign workers are responsible for wage suppression in the US. Is he saying ‘Tech workers are special and should be pampered but others should work for $1.85 per day”? – The above points are not germaine to his central theme, which is important and well written. But it does raise questions about his values. Reply ↓ Knot Galt May 19, 2017 at 2:13 pm Agreed. Trump = Chucklehead and the shadow in T.S. Eliot’s poem Reply ↓ Anna Zimmerman May 20, 2017 at 8:07 am Nicely put, Thomas Williams. I was waiting for someone to point out how fatuous it is to exaggerate Trump’s role in what has been a general trend for decades; what a shame that I had to scroll down through so many comments before it materialised. The other great howler in what is for the most part a useful, informative article is the now routine demonization of nationalist movements. I am sick and tired of the illogicality of those who decry the evils of globalization (and this article does exactly that, albeit with regard to a specific subject) yet are unable/unwilling to distinguish between good and bad nationalism. Perhaps we should start talking about sovereignty and employment movements, which is really what motivates most people who vote for such parties? This should prove harder to attack, given that ‘nationalism’ has turned into one of those buzz words that makes the MSM run around screaming and rending their clothes.. Reply ↓ Jacobite_In_Training May 19, 2017 at 11:11 am “…Boycotts won’t work, since opting out of a site like Google means opting out of much of modern life….” Good….Opt out of modern life. Now. Get as far away from it as you possibly can. You’ll be the better person for it. There was a time I felt ‘modern life’ was the place to be….Now the older me realizes ‘modern life’ is a sham, an illusion, and a trap. A very cleverly designed trap, and one in which the cattle to be slaughtered all believe they are choosing their own destiny even as they are herded inexorably closer to the slaughterhouse. Amusingly, although my younger naive and idealistic self had a significant part to play in the great tech revolutions and evolutions through the 90’s and early 2000’s (for which I will be eternally regretful and ashamed, given how the creations we labored on have been whored out by the pimps in the oligarchy and government) I was also incredibly lucky to have grown up on a farm…and learned how to use a hoe, a hand powered washing machine, how to gather eggs…and grow things. Real things, things that can feed people. But more importantly….how to grow things like spirit and independence that do not rely on any flow of electrons to come to glorious fruition. I also so much better understand what that prophet Edward Abbey was trying to warn us about all those decades ago…. “…Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell…” Reply ↓ Tom May 19, 2017 at 11:27 am Indeed. The promise of technology has devolved into Clickbait Nation — where millions mindlessly click on endless deceptive headlines like rats pushing levers in a giant Skinner box. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive May 19, 2017 at 11:55 am Is “opting out” really an option? Are we willing to opt out out of modern medicine too? Whether we like it or not, we aren’t opting out of using the internet, so we aren’t opting out of anything this author talked about……. Sooooo……..wouldn’t a better idea be to learn as much as we can about this technology and get involved in its decision making, so that we can control it and make it work for rather than against us? Reply ↓ Jacobite_In_Training May 19, 2017 at 12:13 pm I’ve had that debate before, people typically starting with the ‘well, you are posting using the Internet so you aren’t really opting out of anything’, but thats a simplistic approach, and the process of opting out is a matter of degrees – it is never a binary on/off. One can continue ‘opting out’ of aspects of society, and technology, to as extreme a position as you wish….even back to the stone age, should you choose. (sort of the ultimate boycott) Tradeoffs are inherent to the process, no argument there….just be aware that the experience of opting out is itself liberating. You realize all these shiny objects, and expensive things, and complicated processes that you have been raised to think of as critical necessities that cannot ever EVER be parted with….may not be so critical as you think. Sometimes the tradeoffs will be negative, more often – in my experience – (once you have solved the problems presented by improvising/adapting/overcoming) …you will find the ‘tradeoffs’ are a net positive. You are, of course, a creature with free will and free to do what you choose…. opt in, opt out….as you will. :) Reply ↓ Thuto May 19, 2017 at 12:59 pm Agreed, there are several gradations to this whole opting out thing. I for one am completely absent from any social media platform and feel no loss whatsoever because of this. It takes a committed group of independent thinkers to deconstruct and debunk this whole narrative that you’re either “all-in” with these internet platforms or you opt out and life passes you by as you’re consigned to an existence of irrelevance and ignorance about the world around you. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 19, 2017 at 1:05 pm Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that you are very selective about the social media in which you participate. Reply ↓ Thuto May 19, 2017 at 1:50 pm If by social media we are talking facebook, instagram et al, then I have never participated in any of those. To be sure, this is not meant to sound like I take a dim view on those who do, the point is the narrative is typically framed, at least in my part of the world, as an all-in/opt-out binary in which participation in social media platforms is a prime determinant in who “remains relevant” and who doesn’t… Reply ↓ Vatch May 19, 2017 at 3:29 pm I don’t have a MyFace account. I love saying that! Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 19, 2017 at 8:48 pm My point was: this blog and comment space is a social medium Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive May 19, 2017 at 1:21 pm I’m not sure what you think you are opting out of. If you are on the internet, then you have to have a carrier – Verizon, Comcast, etc. Do you think their data collection systems are different than what Google, Facebook, or any other social media does? Reply ↓ jrs May 19, 2017 at 1:54 pm and least they aren’t funding trips to mars? :) Reply ↓ jrs May 19, 2017 at 1:51 pm Yea I think the truly open minded probably try many of the internet platforms just to see what they are like and then delete their accounts (this does not need to entail posting one’s entire private life there needless to say). Not a lot of open mindedness out there really though, it’s all extremes: rigid abstinence from it all, or hopeless addiction to it. I mean I understand a priori rejection of the majority of what capitalism produces (except if it’s necessary to life then well), but it is a pretty uninformed position from which to criticize (as is being addicted to it really). Reply ↓ PKMKII May 19, 2017 at 2:46 pm Even if you opt out personally, you’re still going to be interacting with a lot of people, businesses, governments, etc., that are dependent on the Five Horsemen. Pay cash at the local business, but travel down the supply chain that brought the goods there and you’ll run into someone using cloud storage, social media, consumer surveillance data, etc. Reply ↓ Wisdom Seeker May 19, 2017 at 1:01 pm Regarding “get involved in its decision making” – Ordinary folks have really only two ways to do this. One is in their consumer choices. Avoid or boycott companies that abuse their customers – hit them in their wallets. The other is in their voting and political participation push privacy rights, antitrust enforcement, etc. higher on the political agenda. It’s entirely possible to be comfortably social without “social media”. Personally, I boycott Facebook, Twitter, and (as much as possible) Google and Ebay. Google is tough because they have infiltrated the schools with Google Classroom (which has value, but do we really want an internet advertising company to be gathering data on our children?). Microsoft is tough because of the Office monopoly, but just because I have to use it at work doesn’t mean I need to pay them any money anywhere else in my life… There are also ways to buy online without using Amazon. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 19, 2017 at 1:58 pm There are other search engines, browsers, email services, etc. besides those operated by the giants. DuckDuckGo, protonmail, and the Opera browser (with free built-in VPN!) work well for me. The problem is, if these other services ever do get popular enough, the tech giants will either block them by getting their stooges appointed to Federal agencies and regulating them out of existence, or buy them. I’ve been running from ISP acquisitions for years, as the little guys get bought out I have to find an even littler one. Luckily I’ve found a local ISP, GWI, that I’ve used for years now. They actually came out against the new regulations that would allow them to gather and sell their customers’ data. Such anathema will probably wind up with their CEO publicly flayed for going against all that is good and holy according to the Five Horsemen. Reply ↓ Mel May 19, 2017 at 1:26 pm There are two sides to opting out. When net neutrality is gone, then capital and market concentration will transform the internet into what cable TV is now, and nobody will need it much. Contrariwise the big tech companies are taking over the implementation of major social functions: – if you can’t vote without the internet – if you can’t spend your money without the internet – if you can’t contact your friends without the internet – if you can’t get news without the internet — this has already happened — just look at us all here. – if you can’t join a political party without liking it on your Facebook page and following it on Twitter — there are rumors that the Federal Liberal Party in Canada is exploring this. As I said somewhere else, all this would amount to an uncontracted and unspecified public/private partnership (various ones, actually) and all entered into unexamined. Time to examine them while they’re still easy to change. Reply ↓ HotFlash May 19, 2017 at 5:58 pm there are rumors that the Federal Liberal Party in Canada is exploring this. Interesting. Are they going to get us all free internet? If not, I think they will find a big surprise. Reply ↓ jrs May 19, 2017 at 1:45 pm To assume that workers in ANY Industry (including tech where we know the big players have rigged the labor market against tech workers) have more power than consumers seems pretty unrealistic to me. Of course consumer power is one dollar one vote and hardly democratic but at least consumers do have options and some power. The employee role is a powerless one in the U.S.. Reply ↓ Kris Alman May 19, 2017 at 11:40 am We can either continue on the knowledge economy road, where our personal data is commodified. Or we could fight for a knowledge society, where we collectively access knowledge while protecting our identity and privacy. I vote for the latter. Google would plant a chip in every child if they could. Short of that, they have insinuated themselves in public schools, hoping that every kid in America will consummate their relationship with this giant after they graduate from k-12. See this NY Times article from last weekend: How Google Took Over the Classroom It’s hard to mitigate their reach. In a landmark student privacy law passed in California (with an even weaker version passed in my state of Oregon), they built in what I call a Google exemption clause. (8) Nothing in this section shall be construed to impose a duty upon: (a) A provider of an electronic store, gateway, marketplace or other means of purchasing or downloading software or applications to review or enforce compliance with this section by those applications or software; or (b) A provider of an interactive computer service to review or enforce compliance with this section by third-party content providers. As used in this paragraph, “interactive computer service” means any information service, system or access software provider that provides or enables computer access by multiple users to a computer server, including specifically a service or system that provides access to the Internet and such services or systems operated or offered by libraries or educational institutions. (9) This section does not apply to general audience Internet websites, general audience online services, general audience online applications or general audience mobile applications, even if login credentials created for an operator’s site, service or application may be used to access those general audience sites, services or applications. The Campaign for a Commercial-Free Child and the Parent Coalition for Student Privacy (a group with which I have worked) just put out a Parent Toolkit for Student Privacy. Patient Privacy Rights has an upcoming international summit that is free. Stream it! See: https://patientprivacyrights.org/health-privacy-summit/ Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 2:07 pm We can either continue on the knowledge economy road, where our personal data is commodified. Or we could fight for a knowledge society, where we collectively access knowledge while protecting our identity and privacy. I vote for the latter. When I am not accessing knowledge, I would still prefer to remain private. For example, what videos I access for entertainment should private. It’s not knowledge I access, just something to pass time. That those activities should b protected as well. Privacy-protected-society is probably a broader term than knowledge society. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 2:09 pm And the Google exemption clause reads like a Facebook exemption clause as well (or Amazon or Warner Cable exemption clause). Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 12:00 pm This piece is absolutely fantastic! Not to nit pick, but I do disagree with the author about the following passage: Even if you think our intelligence agencies are evil, they’re a lawful evil. They have to follow laws and procedures, and the people in those agencies take them seriously. But there are no such protections for non-Americans outside the United States. The NSA would have to go to court to spy on me; they can spy on you anytime they feel like it. We know from the Church and Pike committees that this is patently false, and I highly doubt that this has changed much since then, especially in light of Iran-Contra and the made-up intel used to justify the Iraq invasion. I know I probably sound like a broken record as I often cite the Church and Pike reports in my NC comments, but they’re just so little known and so important that I feel compelled to do so. I encourage the entire commenteriat to at least skim some of these documents to get a better understanding of the kinds of sickening things perpetrated by the intel community in the past and then ask yourself if the veil of secrecy that surrounds them is to keep secrets from the enemy or to keep the American public from vomiting. Reply ↓ diptherio May 19, 2017 at 12:11 pm Agree, there are a few howlers in there. As with everything, it’s a mixed bag. I myself have been known to make unsubstantiated and just downright false statements here and irl, despite being, in general, correct about everything ;-D. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 19, 2017 at 12:32 pm I never make mistakes either. I thought I had once, but I was wrong. Reply ↓ JustAnObserver May 19, 2017 at 12:44 pm I had the same reaction to that passage, at least initially. However what I think the author might mean by this is that to have the means to combat this evil 2 things are necessary: o Laws and/or procedures that place limitations on the actions of these agencies – NSA, CIA, DHS etc. o and, much much more important, the means to ensure those laws/procedures are *enforced* as to both statute and intent. USians have at least the first part even if the second, enforcement, has rotted to the extent of being no more than a cruel joke. non-USian have neither. Note that the lack of enforcement thing extends far beyond the IC agencies into anti-trust, environmental regulation, Sarbanes-Oxley, etc. etc.. Even the ludicrous botch called Dodd-Frank could work marginally better if there was some attempt to actually enforce it. Reply ↓ Wisdom Seeker May 19, 2017 at 1:03 pm “Dodd-Frank could work marginally better if there was some attempt to actually enforce it.” Unenforceable and unenforced laws are a feature, not a bug, and demonstrate the corruption of the system. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny May 19, 2017 at 2:14 pm The USSR had laws guaranteeing freedom of expression. Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo May 19, 2017 at 5:35 pm It’s a fine and entertaining piece, but flawed. That bit about tech workers defying management to protest Trump’s travel ban seems demonstrably untrue, as the companies want that human capital pipeline kept open, and they can simultaneously wrap themselves in muliti-cultural virtue as they defend their employment practices. Also, and I know people here will disagree or think it irrelevant, but the “They’re not bad people,” thing is wrong; I think people such as Thiel, Kalanick, Zuckerberg, Ellison, add-your-own-candidates, seem like pretty awful people doing a lot of awful things, whatever their brilliance, business acumen, and relentlessness. Finally, while as a union guy I was pleased to see the importance he gave it, the idea of tech workers unionizing in this country seems like social science fiction, whatever their European counterparts might hopefully do. Reply ↓ TheCatSaid May 19, 2017 at 3:18 pm I, too, stumbled / choked when I read those paragraphs. They are provably false in so many dimensions I hardly know where to begin. It made it hard to read past. I will try again because so many commenters are so positive. But the author’s credibility sinks when a piece starts with such blindness or misinformation or pandering. Reply ↓ PhilM May 19, 2017 at 3:41 pm On the one hand, it’s probably some pandering, because he knows he is being watched. We all throw that same bone once in a while. From Vergil, it is called “a sop to Cerberus.” On the other hand, he is correct, too: it is a “lawful evil” because it functions using tax money, which is money extorted by force with the sanction of law, rather than “chaotic evil,” which is money extorted by force or fraud without that sanction. So in that positive-law-philosophy way of thinking, he has a point, even if it’s a pandering point. Reply ↓ knowbuddhau May 19, 2017 at 12:16 pm >>>”They have to follow laws and procedures, and the people in those agencies take them seriously.” This caught my eye earlier. Had to come back to it. Especially after reading Mike Whitney’s latest http://www.counterpunch.org/2017/05/19/seth-rich-craig-murray-and-the-sinister-stewards-of-the-national-security-state/ . In it, he details how seriously Clapper, Brennan et al. take those “laws and procedures.” Taking a recent and relevant example, remember the ICA, the “Intelligence Community Assessment”? Whitney quotes a Fox news article detailing the many ways in which it’s production varied sharply from normal procedures. And of course there was all that “stove-piping” of “intel” that helped make the bogus case for the 2003 war of aggression against Iraq. I appreciate the author’s point: it would be harder to surveil a particular American than a European. I’m sure rank & file people by & large respect law and procedure. But don’t worry, if there’s a political will to get you, there’s a way. Ask Chelsea Manning. Whitney concludes by quoting an especially apt question posed by Michael Glennon in the May issue of Harper’s: “Who would trust the authors of past episodes of repression as a reliable safeguard against future repression?” People who think they’re immune to said repression, for one. Or who don’t know or believe it happened/is happening at all. IOW political elites and most Americans, that’s who. I think there’s a good chance the soft coup will work, and most Americans would even accept a President-General. So while I see the author’s point, I see it this way. They take laws and procedures seriously like I take traffic laws seriously. Only their solution is to corrupt law enforcement, not follow the law. “Stop throwing the Constitution in my face, it’s just a goddamned piece of paper!” — President George W. Bush Silicon Valley elites apparently think the same. Reply ↓ TheCatSaid May 19, 2017 at 3:25 pm Mike Whitney’s article you linked to was interesting. George Webb’s ongoing YouTube series is going further still, as he is uncovering numerous anomalies with Seth Rich’s death and the circumstances and “investigation”. It turns out that nothing in this story is what it seems (the “school play” scenario). Disturbingly, there are similarities and patterns that connect up with numerous other patterns discussed earlier in this 208-day (so far) odyssey, which started with looking at irregularities around oil pipelines and drugs shipments, and ended up including numerous additional criminal enterprises, all with direct links to high-up government staff and political staff from both major parties, with links among key participants going back over decades in some cases. To return to your observation–knowing what I know now–personal as well as second-hand, I don’t think it’s harder to surveil an american than a european. The compromises of law enforcement, justice and intelligence and rogue contractors have no international boundaries. The way the compromises are done vary depending on local methods, and the degree of public awareness may vary, but the actuality and ease–no different overall. Reply ↓ knowbuddhau May 19, 2017 at 3:36 pm Glad you liked it. Lily Tomlin applies: “No matter how cynical you get, it’s impossible to keep up.” Reply ↓ TheCatSaid May 19, 2017 at 4:31 pm That says it all. The rabbit holes are many and deep. As a society we are in for many rude awakenings. I don’t expect soft landings. Reply ↓ mwbworld May 19, 2017 at 12:22 pm Lots of great stuff in here, but I’ll raise a slight objection to: three or four people who use Linux on the desktop, all of whom are probably at this conference. We’re now up to easily 5 or 6 thank you very much, and I wasn’t at the conference. ;-) Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 19, 2017 at 12:30 pm Make that 7. Reply ↓ HotFlash May 19, 2017 at 1:05 pm Eight, nine and ten in this household. I don’t use any Google-stuff and have hard-deleted my Facebook account. At least they told me had, I should ask a friend to check to see if I am still there ;) Reply ↓ voislav May 19, 2017 at 1:23 pm But we all know that a Linux user is worth only 3/5 of a regular user, so we are back to 6. Writing this from a 2003 vintage Pentium 4 machine running Linux Mint 17. Reply ↓ knowbuddhau May 19, 2017 at 3:40 pm 8. Built this thing myself 5 years ago. It’s a quad core on an MSI mobo. Or maybe I only count as a half, since it’s a dual boot with Linux Mint 17.3/Win7 Pro. Reply ↓ Disturbed Voter May 19, 2017 at 12:54 pm A history lesson. The PC brought freedom from the IT department, until networking enslaved us again. The freedom was temporary, we were originally supposed to be serfs of a timeshare system connected to a mainframe. France was ahead of the US in that, they had MiniTel. But like everything French … is was efficient but static. In Europe, like in the US, the PC initially liberated, and then with networking, enslaved. Arpanet was the predecessor of the Internet … it was a Cold War system of survivable networking, for some people. The invention of HTTP and the browser at CERN democratized the Arpanet. But it also greatly enabled State-sponsored snooping. We are now moving to cloud storage and Chrome-books which will restore the original vision of a timeshare system connected to a mainframe, but at a higher technical standard. What was envisioned in 1968 will be achieved, but later than planned, and in a round about way. We are not the polity we used to be. In 1968 this would have been viewed by the public with suspicion. But after 50 years later … the public will view this as progress. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 1:22 pm In 1968 this would have been viewed by the public with suspicion. But after 50 years later … the public will view this as progress. 50 years of being force fed Bernays Sauce will tend to do that to a people :-(. Reply ↓ LT May 19, 2017 at 2:50 pm One thing just as dangerous and limiting as the idealized past of the conservative mindset is the idealized sense of progress of the the liberal mindset. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 2:15 pm You have ‘a little learning is a dangerous thing.’ Then you have the Andromeda Strain that is toxic within a small PH range. That is to say, nothing is inherently good or bad. It depends on when, where, what and how much. And so the PC brought freedom and now it doesn’t. I suspect likewise with left-wing ideas and right-wing ideas. “How much of it? When?” Reply ↓ duck1 May 19, 2017 at 1:09 pm SV tech owners (think about) . . . the cool toys they’ll spend profits on . . . run by chuckle heads . . . identify with progressive values . . . they want to help . . . run by a feckless leadership accountable to no one . . . Can’t send them to Mars quick enough, I say. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 19, 2017 at 1:13 pm .” Even if you think our intelligence agencies are evil, they’re a lawful evil. They have to follow laws and procedures, and the people in those agencies take them seriously.” This is standup comedy? Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 1:24 pm This is standup comedy? To the NCer, yes. To the general public who have swallowed what I like to call the “Jack Ryan Narrative” of how things are at the CIA, no. Reply ↓ duck1 May 19, 2017 at 1:47 pm The real kneeslapper was. . . American government (also) run by chuckle heads . . . what happens when these two groups . . . join forces? Knock me over with a feather, let us know when that happens. How many Friedman units will we have to wait? Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 19, 2017 at 1:19 pm “And outside of Russia and China, Google is the world’s search engine.” How can this be? I don’t use it except very rarely; my wife does, but complains about it bitterly, and so do people here at NC, presumably tech-savvy. My wife is using it out of pure habit; what about the rest of them? Reply ↓ Phemfrog May 19, 2017 at 2:53 pm I literally don’t know anyone who doesn’t use it. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 19, 2017 at 1:28 pm “Given this scary state of the world, with ecological collapse just over the horizon, and a population sharpening its pitchforks, ” And unfortunately, that’s the likeliest solution. (The family blogging “L” on this keyboard doesn’t work right, so make some allowances.) Despite my nitpicks above, this is a very important speech and a frightening issue. In particular, I’ve long been concerned that so much organizing depends on giant corporations like Faceborg and Twitter. They have no reason to be our friends, and some important reasons, like this speech, to be our enemies. Do we have a backup if FB and Google decide to censor the Internet for serious? Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 7:59 pm Several years ago John Robb at Global Guerillas wrote a speculative piece about how Ham Radio Operators could work with computer people to figure out how to send dots and dashes over Ham Radio in such a way as to be understandable as “0s” and “1s” and used to code for simple things . . . perhaps even Ham Radio broadcastable text. Perhaps that article still exists somewhere in the Global Guerillas archives. A Ham RadioNet, if one wills. Also, re-standalone-ing millions of personal PC machines and figuring out how to record stuff onto discs, thumb drives or other memory storage devices. And then moving such devices around by human courier or land mail or carrier pigeon or other methods. And of course people could go back to writing and sending landletters by landmail. The amount of information sendable by landletter would be so small by comparison to digital methods that people would learn to send only the most important information. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 20, 2017 at 3:42 am Ham Radio Operators could work with computer people to figure out how to send dots and dashes over Ham Radio in such a way as to be understandable as “0s” and “1s” John Robb seems an ignorant patronising idiot. Ham radio types have been doing digital communication since the 70s – it’s called packet radio. And building networks on top of that. Reply ↓ different clue May 20, 2017 at 4:38 pm I am but an analog refugee in this digital world. So I may not understand you correctly. I am understanding your comment to be saying that the Ham Radio community knew all about this theoretical capability waiting to be exploited years before John Robb wrote about it. If so, then we do indeed have a way to end-run around the coming Feudal Internet Lockdown. Material can be broadcast all over the Ham RadioNet and various Ham Radio operators could then load these packet radio broadcasts onto various portable storage devices which could then be hand-couriered to radio-ignorant computer users for reading and replicating to further waves of radio-ignorant computer users. So perhaps John Robb was “post-maturely right” ( a play on pre-maturely anti-fascist). Perhaps John Robb is post-maturely right about some other things and I can only find out about them from John Robb because I have zero knowledge of or about the people who already know all about these things from before John Robb. Reply ↓ Thuto May 19, 2017 at 1:33 pm Excellent post, except for the bit, as some other readers have commented, about American intelligence agencies being law abiding. Europe, and much of the world, crumbled without resistance in the face of the tech juggernauts because of the PR fetishization of anything that came out of silicon valley. The laxity of lawmakers and regulators was partly because of their unwillingness to be seen as standing in the way of “progress”. A public drunk on the need to be in with the new, “disruptive” kids on the block who were “changing the world” would have teamed up with the disruptors to run rough shod over any oversight mechanisms proposed by regulators. Hence the silicon valley PR machine always prioritises the general public as the first targets of intellectual capture, because an intellectually captured public loath to give up the benefits and convenience of “progress and disruption” is a powerful weapon in the arsenal of tech giants in their global war against regulation. And the insidious nature of the damage of overreach by these tech giants isn’t just limited to online interactions anymore, but the real world is also now experiencing disruption in the true sense of the word with gig economy companies reshaping the dynamics of entire markets and squeezing the most vulnerable members of society to the periphery of said markets, if not pushing them out entirely. In my own city of cape town south africa, a housing crisis is brewing as locals are being squeezed out of the housing market because landlords profit more from airbnb listings than making their properties available for long term rentals. Asset prices are being pushed up as “investors” compete to snap up available inventory to list on airbnb. And city officials seem more interested in celebrating cape town’s status as “one of the top airbnb destinations” than actually protecting the interests of their own citizens. Intellectual capture, and the need to be “in with the cool disruptive kids” is infecting even public sector organizations with severe consequences for the public at large, but the public is blind to this as they’ve binged on the “disruption, changing the world” cool-aid… Reply ↓ Bill Smith May 19, 2017 at 4:15 pm “PR fetishization of anything that came out of silicon valley” It had nothing to do with individuals thinking this stuff had value? Cell phones -> iPhone (smartphone) for example. Reply ↓ Thuto May 19, 2017 at 6:03 pm While individuals might derive value from “this stuff”, the tech companies providing the stuff use said value, allied with massive amounts of PR spin to render regulators impotent in providing safe guards to stop the techies from morphing from value providers into something akin to encroachers for profit/power/control (e.g. encroaching upon our right to privacy by selling off our data). Providing value to the public shouldn’t be used as a cloak under which the dagger used to erode our rights is hidden… Reply ↓ LT May 19, 2017 at 1:50 pm In the links today, there is a Guardian story on Tesla workers with the quote: “Everything feels like the future but us.” I’m reminded of another Guardian article about an ideology underpinning the grievances in Notes From An Emergency. It’s imperative to understand the that the system we find ourselves in is a belief system – an ideology – and the choices to be made in regards to challenging it. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/may/11/accelerationism-how-a-fringe-philosophy-predicted-the-future-we-live-in/ An excerpt: “Accelerationists argue that technology, particularly computer technology, and capitalism, particularly the most aggressive, global variety, should be massively sped up and intensified – either because this is the best way forward for humanity, or because there is no alternative. Accelerationists favour automation. They favour the further merging of the digital and the human. They often favour the deregulation of business, and drastically scaled-back government. They believe that people should stop deluding themselves that economic and technological progress can be controlled. They often believe that social and political upheaval has a value in itself. Accelerationism, therefore, goes against conservatism, traditional socialism, social democracy, environmentalism, protectionism, populism, nationalism, localism and all the other ideologies that have sought to moderate or reverse the already hugely disruptive, seemingly runaway pace of change in the modern world…” Be sure to catch such quotes as this: “We all live in an operating system set up by the accelerating triad of war, capitalism and emergent AI,” says Steve Goodman, a British accelerationist… That should remind one of this: “Musk is persuaded that we’re living in a simulation, and he or a fellow true believer has hired programmers to try to hack it….” Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 19, 2017 at 1:58 pm “Boycotts won’t work, since opting out of a site like Google means opting out of much of modern life.” I wish he wouldn’t keep dropping into openly delusional statements like that. Granted, i use Google News, but there are alternatives. Reply ↓ jrs May 19, 2017 at 6:11 pm Yes I know, it’s ridiculous. And we use them to “protect” us he claims. But about the only place where “protect” makes any sense in his whole argument is actually Amazon. It is pretty safe to buy from Amazon (or using Amazon-pay) if you fear a credit card being hacked from on online purchase. That much has some truth. But how does using Facebook protect anyone? How does Google protect anyone? Ok Android security is a different debate, but I really don’t understand how issues of “security” etc. applies to using a Google search as opposed to any other. Reply ↓ LT May 19, 2017 at 2:12 pm https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/may/11/accelerationism-how-a-fringe-philosophy-predicted-the-future-we-live-in A long read, but gives some background on the “disruptors”…a rebrand of “accelerationism.” (I thought I had accidently removed the link in the previous post) Reply ↓ begob May 19, 2017 at 2:15 pm The right wing in Britain seems to have come up with an authoritarian solution: “Theresa May is planning to introduce huge regulations on the way the internet works, allowing the government to decide what is said online.” https://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/theresa-may-internet-conservatives-government-a7744176.html Reply ↓ David, by the lake May 19, 2017 at 2:52 pm Lost me right at the opening by bringing up the popular vote and the bemoaning of a “broken” system. We are a federal republic of states and I’d prefer to keep it that way. Ensuring that the executive has the support of the populations of some minimal number of states is a good thing in my view. Reply ↓ craazyman May 19, 2017 at 7:39 pm so much to read. so little time. that’s when I bailed too. What drek. If a reader has half a mind, they slip and fall on a greasy doo doo in the first 15 seconds? No way can I stand to wade through the rest of what seems like a tortured screed (although I did speed read it). Turns out, I may agree in a minor way with some points, but I’ll never know. I have time to waste in the real world, and I can’t waste it if I’m reading somebody’s internet screed about Donald Trump. God Good almighty. Enough. Authors watch your words. They matter! LOL. And always remember — sometimes less is more. Not NC’s finest post evah. And post author’s shouldn’t refer to people’s heads on pikes in their hotel room as being something they wouldn’t object to. I mean really. That’s not even junior high school humor. I give this post a 2.3 on a scale of 1-10. 1 is unbearable. 3 is readable. 10 is genius. Reply ↓ PKMKII May 19, 2017 at 3:12 pm The people who run Silicon Valley identify with progressive values Nope. There are some true progressives in the industry, yes, but they’re few and far between. Understanding the dominant mindset in Silicon Valley is vital to understanding why there hasn’t been pushback on all this. Sure, they like their neoliberal IdPol as it appeals to their meritocracy worship (hence the protests against the travel ban), but not with any intersectionality, especially with regards to women (the red pill/MRA mind virus infects a lot of brains in SV). Socio-economics, though, it’s heavy on the libertarianism, albeit with some support for utopian government concepts like UBI, plus a futurist outlook out of that Rationality cult; Yudkowsky and his LessWrong nonsense have influence over a lot of players, big and small, in the bay area. So what you get is a bunch of people deluded into thinking they’re hyperlogical while giving themselves a free pass on the begged question of where their “first principles” emerged out of. It’s not just their sci-fi bubble that needs a poppin’, it’s their Rothbardian/Randite one as well. Reply ↓ Sue May 19, 2017 at 3:27 pm +1,000 “The people who run Silicon Valley identify with progressive values” True! I’ve seen some smoking weed while talking machine language and screwing half of humanity Reply ↓ Michael Fiorillo May 19, 2017 at 5:49 pm Better still, they micro-dose on psychedelics while coding our binary chains: how cool is that! Reply ↓ TheCatSaid May 19, 2017 at 3:38 pm The points you raise are accurate. And even long before those things existed, Silicon Valley arose as conscious, deliberate high-level government strategy (or beyond-government deep state). The sources of new technology and funding have been deliberately obscured, at least as far as the general public debate goes. It has nothing to do with “innovation” and “entrepreneurship”. It is amazing to see all countries around the world hop onto the innovation, let’s-imitate-Silicon-Valley bandwagon, with no awareness that SV was no accident of a few smart/lucky individual entrepreneurs. Reply ↓ Sue May 19, 2017 at 8:15 pm I believe its birth could be traced to a very humble and smart individual named Bill Gates out of his home garage. Since then hundreds of creative Americans have parked their cars on their driveways and have made the Nasdaq flourish through their garage operations. Reply ↓ Rosario May 20, 2017 at 4:41 pm It is strange how running en masse to the “individual” end of the social spectrum ends up dumping people at an inversion of a collectivized order. There is no greater horror then a bureaucracy run by libertarians. Reply ↓ jfleni May 19, 2017 at 4:12 pm NOBODY has to join buttBook, review slimy effing GIGGLE, and especially use MICROSWIFT; ALTERNATIVES are easy and often more effective and especially annoying to the rich slime. When Balmer was Billy-Boy’s Ceo he actually preached that Linux was a nefarious plot to deprive clowns like him of their well deserved “emoluments”. Fortuneately, all he has to do now is sell beer and hot dogs, and make sure the cheerleaders keep their clothing on. Good job for him. Decide NOT to be a lemming; instead be a BOLSHIE and hit ’em hard. YOU and the whole internet will benefit. Reply ↓ ginnie nyc May 19, 2017 at 5:36 pm I think some of the naivete of this talk is based on a superficial knowledge of American history. Things like his remark about the Women’s DC March – “America is not used to large demonstrations…” Oh really. The writer, though intelligent, is apparently unaware of massive demos during the Vietnam War, the Civil Rights movement, the anti-Iraq war marches, the Bonus March etc etc. Perhaps his ignorance is a function of age, and perhaps the fact he was not born here, vis a vis his name. Reply ↓ Jack Sparrow May 19, 2017 at 7:14 pm This piece is sophisticated neoliberal propaganda dressed up to look like something else. Bahrain and Poland getting in the way of protesters? Poland’s government is resisting the dictates of the EU so who in fact would be protesting that? Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 7:27 pm I will reply to an almost tangential little something which Maciej Ceglowski wrote near the beginning of his piece. ” 65.8 million for Clinton 63.0 million for Trump This was the second time in sixteen years that the candidate with fewer votes won the American Presidency. There is a bug in the operating system of our democracy, one of the many ways that slavery still casts its shadow over American politics.” Really? A bug in the operating system of our democracy? That sounds like something a Clintonite would say. It sounds like something that many millions of Clintonites DID say, over and over and over again. Clinton got more popular votes? She got almost all of them in California. So Mr. Ceglowski thinks Clinton should be President based on that? That means Mr. Ceglowski wants the entire rest of America to be California’s colonial possession, ruled by a President that California picked. And don’t think we Midwestern Deplorables don’t understand exACTly how Ceglowski thinks and what Ceglowski thinks of us out here in Deploristan. Some Clinton supporters are smarter than that. Some were not surprised. Michael Moore was not surprised. He predicted that we Deploristani Midwesterners would make Trump President whether the digitally beautiful people liked it or not. Did Mr. Ceglowski support Clinton? Did the “tech workers in short-lived revolt” support Clinton? And did they support NAFTA back in the day? You thought you would cram Trade Treason Clinton down our throat? Well, we flung Trade Patriot Trump right back in your face. Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 7:35 pm Other than that, of course, I like the article just fine. I wish EUrope luck in restraining the America-based Digital Feudalists, and I wish digital-rebel Americans luck in setting up tiny little digital “free towns” and “free republics” here and there. I suspect more operational freedom will be found in the Analog MeatSpace Real World. Every Dumm House without any BlooToof-enabled Internet Of Shit inside it is a castle of Freedom From Digital Feudalism, for example. Reply ↓ Ulysses May 19, 2017 at 9:23 pm “I suspect more operational freedom will be found in the Analog MeatSpace Real World.” Yep. Might also be a good idea to do a little less “live-streaming” of everything that you see out in the Real World. Reply ↓ edr May 19, 2017 at 10:45 pm Wisdom Seeker May 19, 2017 at 12:39 pm “capitalism creates vast wealth inequality: that’s the whole point.” Not in Adam Smith’s world, nor Henry Ford’s. True capitalists prosper by creating wealth which improves the lives of everyone around them. Crony capitalists, the ones we have now, strip wealth from others. Witness today’s bubble-and-bust cycles rather than the prior widespread economic growth. …….time to restore Antitrust Law and apply it to the internet monopolists. And restore privacy rights… “ APPLY THE ANTI-TRUST LAWS That’s exactly what’s needed. These ANTI-TRUST LAWS are on the books and stopped being rigorously enforced in the 70s, coinciding with the beginning of the drop in wages. The giant Corporations pull all the profits to a few centralized locations and accumulate the POWER that goes with it, POLITICAL BUYING POWER, which they’ve drained from the cities and small business people, reducing them to clerks instead of owners. Some of those anti-trust laws forbade any business from having more that 7% of the sales in any city; Google, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, and Apple and of course Walmart are way over those numbers. Monopolies are a huge threat to democracy. http://washingtonmonthly.com/magazine/junejulyaug-2016/populism-with-a-brain/ Restoring Privacy Rights and control over our own data is a very important aspect of what should be accomplished. Reply ↓ edr May 19, 2017 at 10:50 pm PS. Really enjoyed reading about the Tech guys future plans. Hilarious! Thanks Reply ↓ Kalen May 20, 2017 at 10:32 am As usually very interesting and critical subject but the author however seems to be using it as a ploy to push some political agenda of one party wisdom over another or one phony economic or political remedy over the other while ignoring the fact that what’s happening is not accidental or a natural outcome of some economic conditions or technological innovations but a deliberate policies of globalists to obtain means of control of ever increasing world populations, technologies that were not needed just a century or two ago to execute the same exactness of the social control. This seeming progress and suppose it’s side effects are the core of the global effort, accumulation and centralization of wealth, power and control is not a just a sad unwanted, undesired element of glorious future but an essential objective, directed against world population at large. Here is an excerpt from: https://contrarianopinion.wordpress.com/2016/10/28/rise-of-social-machines-a-postscript-on-the-matrix-of-control-part-two/ that address the issues of digital neo-feudalism as a rise of social machines. Some people are rightly skeptical and refuse to succumb to dehumanization hence there are introduced plenty of apologists, preprogrammed social machines unleashed onto the public selling ideas of illustrious progress pushing fantastic visions, hallucinations of AI robotic future emerging just around the corner and inevitable raise of robotic machines and glorious discarding [but in reality not replacing] of human beings as biopolitical entities that used to make profit for ruling oligarchy [in newspeak “having jobs”]. However, if one listens closely to those pontificating magnificent future one would realize that they are not talking about replacing humans doing jobs with robots doing jobs, they are talking about replacing of the nature, type of tasks to be easily programmed for robots with AI label, in a feat to slowly reorient the very objective of production away from human being [needs or wants] who previously was an ultimate end of socioeconomic activity, more toward requirements of elements of machinic society that can no longer have a need to retain any human component in it. Reply ↓ none May 20, 2017 at 12:40 pm Past surveillance states failed because the resource overhead of having people spy on everyone all the time, maintain files on them, etc. grew too large. Modern computers, exabyte data centers, pervasive sensors (Amazon Alexa = a microphone in every bedroom!), face recognition and license plate readers everywhere, online monitoring, and AI/machine learning to identify the subversives will fix all that. Vision of future = a boot stamping on a human face, forever. Reply ↓ different clue May 20, 2017 at 4:44 pm I still like my slightly repurposed vision from the caption of Kliban’s cartoon . . . Vision of future = a dirty naked fat person sitting on a human face forever. Reply ↓ different clue May 20, 2017 at 4:46 pm Now people are tricked into spying on themselves and eachother via Twitter, MySpace, FaceBook , and every other social media opportunity for people to build dossiers on themselves. Reply ↓ Scott May 20, 2017 at 4:27 pm One cannot expect a single writer to give one all the answers. Eclecticism is damned hard. A free people, and we can look at two documents? Declaration of Human Rights that was mostly authored by Eleanor Roosevelt, and later the 1976 International Covenant of Civil & Political Rights that essentially gave the Declaration of Civil Rights the force of International Law. What we want is an economic system that creates more free people. What happens when more people in a nation have freedom is that they create more solutions to pressing problems either with systems or machines that enable those systems. The system ascendant now has been creating more tricks and traps for more people. Wage slavery certainly is more the desired outcome of even the academic system in the US. Rome, we are in the US doing Rome all over. Realistically one can see that repetitive aspects of the US empire in it’s greatness not for its advances in personal freedoms & health & happiness, but all of it dependent on a military industrial complex. The people are tricked and trapped and yes, the only way that they can stop it is to band together. Bert Stiles the bomber pilot wrote in his book Serenade to the Big Bird that “Economics is just a Hell of a Name for the way people live together.” From 30 thousand feet up he couldn’t see the borders, but they were there and defeating Scientific Socialism, that system had to be done first before there could be any better world, with a government of governments of which the UN was just a shadow. Capitalism is great, as long as it is regulated and then further if the goal is not just the exploitation of the weaknesses of others. Michael Hudson and those of the MMT school of economics are on the right track. Those now of the US Finance Banking System are exposed in what they intend to do to Puerto Rico. We need to band together and change the goal of the Finance banking System from what is the destruction of health, wellbeing, happiness of a US Territory to one that aims for those factors. It is a fight to pick. The other is to stop the Trump administration’s goal of taking more from the commons for private use and benefit. That fight is one to take up and is met in returning to us our Washington DC, post office. These two events illustrating polices of the people in charge & the system in place they use to concentrate wealth and power are worthy actual fights to organize to fight and reverse. All that the internet provides to me personally is what I wanted from SW radio. In that way it is great, and I love Twitter for that, though I loved CR4 pretty well. After the defeat of Carter, back at the tail end of “It’s the system.” All the fun of the fight for the idealists was taken out of the fight. The Reagan era started the era of lies and hypocrisy and secrecy of real intentions of our government even when exposed left us still all impotent. We don’t have to take it but we can’t win if we don’t pick our fights for both symbolic reasons and the reality of what they actually are. I’m leaving it with that, incomplete. Thanks. Reply ↓ different clue May 20, 2017 at 4:51 pm The food you can grow is the food you don’t need to work for others’ money to have the money to buy it from others. The heat you can trap within your own smart-designed passive solar house is the heat you don’t need to work for others to make the money to buy from others. The skywater you can harvest and store from falling on your roof is the water you don’t need to earn the money to buy. The waterless-compost-toilet body waste you can collect and sterilize for garden application in your own house and yard is the water you don’t have to waste feeding the toilet you don’t have to flush. Meaning that much less water you would have to buy. The less-electrically you can live, the less money you need to work for in order to buy the electricity you still need to live. The ideal would be to zero out electricity completely from anything which could be done without electricity. Reserve electricity for the things only electricity can do. And restrain one’s use of those things to the genuinely beneficial. Reply ↓ Rosario May 20, 2017 at 4:31 pm I’ll be the gadfly and ask a burning question, why do we need these monopolies/quasi-monopolies? What do Facebook, Twitter, Google, etc. contribute at present that is not either built solely on their founding success or on the technological foundation built through government investment over the past 60 years? Case in point, the founding of Google. Developing one of the best of many search algorithms, using government money (NSF), to be used on a publicly funded technology (Internet) is innovative and possibly even a noble contribution to humanity, but cornering 90% of the global internet search market is no longer a result of that publicly funded algorithm. It is the ravenous consumption of market share through a perfect cocktail of a good idea mixed with a massive capital pool, an immense force of talented labor, timing (luck), and astute business maneuvering (I’m thinking Microsoft here as well). An analogy to another time is the Ford Motor Company, does anyone really believe Henry Ford made the best car? Was he the best at organizing the labor process? Seem a bit of a stretch, but his was a similar story to our modern tech giants. The snowball rolling down the hill that misses all the trees tends to get larger, not the other way around. The problem is, Maciej is wrestling with a more radical problem then I think he realizes. This is the cyclical nature of Capitalist progress. These monopolies are inevitable as far as history is concerned. Undermining them requires a level of democratically (or worse autocratically) directed intervention that I think would make him very uncomfortable. The first myth that needs to be dismantled is that innovation is the exclusive partner of the free enterprising individual. He touched on this with his labor discussion but I don’t think he went far enough. All the above companies are built on a massive foundation of labor. That labor keeps the machinery going. Not the billionaire founders. Much of that labor may be paid well enough (Fordism/wages for Model Ts) but they are still selling their labor to support these monopolies, and their situation is becoming more precarious by the day. The second myth, and one that I touched on above, is that these innovations occurred in a vacuum. There is not a single aspect of the tech economy that would exist without government spending. Not one. The sooner we come to terms with this fact the better. All that said, the discussion was a good start. Reply ↓ Wade Riddick May 20, 2017 at 8:56 pm The analogy to socialism is apt (“command economy”). To sum up, the ideological problems here amount to a lack of basic property rights – in particular, a lack of digital property/banking standards allowing for the holding and transfer of digital property. When the FANGS monetize personal data, they are essentially trespassing into people’s private lives/seizing the data generated by their work. At the very heart of owning property is the right to exclude others from its use. In many aspects of our digital lives, we no longer have that. Software isn’t a product anymore; it’s a service. We’re swimming in socialism and we can’t discuss it. It’s not that we lack the language; we lack the vision and the venue. The very people who ranted against communism from below are the ones now justifying it from above – and they control our media. Software as a service may have freed it from defective product suits but that escape from liability has only helped irresponsible design blossom in the industry. But they’re beginning to see the limits of the light-fingered approach for themselves. Witness the recent pivot of Microsoft towards embracing the concept of a public utility (“WannaCry Update/ Microsoft Pushes a “Geneva Convention” to Thwart Cyberattacks” in IEEE Spectrum). Why is it economists have such a hard time understanding computer programs are a form of labor? It’s not just a matter of efficiency and factors of production. Hosting someone else’s software on your home computer is like having a million contractors in your home. Would you let an unlicensed contractor into your most intimate spaces? How about a million of them? Modern economists can’t conceive of property right properly much less think about trespass, utilities or rights of way. If we can’t realize that operating systems are utilities and if we can’t remember the true purpose of government in serving us public goods and setting standards for conduct then organized crime rings will reduce us to digital feudalism. Automated cars will be autohijacked. ISPs will monetize our vacation plans by subcontracting to the local B&E gang. Eventually they’ll team up with police planting evidence for the uncivilized process we deem civil forfeiture. Call it eminent domain without the eminence. Reply ↓ Heraclitus May 20, 2017 at 9:45 pm ‘There is a bug in the operating system of our democracy, one of the many ways that slavery still casts its shadow over American politics.’ The writer confuses the 3/5ths rule with the electoral college. The electoral college is the product of a compromise necessary to make a nation out of independent states. This is why small states have two senators just like large states, i.e..a compromise was necessary to get small states to join the union. That had nothing to do with slavery per se. It was the composition of the House, as influenced by the 3/5ths rule, that brought slavery into the equation. Since the 3/5ths rule went out with slavery, slavery has nothing to do with the election of 2016. Reply ↓ Olivier May 21, 2017 at 12:37 am Among other flaws of this article, I was extremely irritated by the author’s glib characterization of the electoral college as “a bug in the operating system of our democracy”. Ironically for one who rails about tech feudalism he seems to have no understanding of how this exists to thwart another form of political feudalism: from the most populous states to the rest of the country. If this is how much understanding he has of “his” democracy after a stay of many years perhaps he ought to give up and just go back to Europe. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Lambert Strether on Links 5/20/17Apparently Perez's speech, which followed, did not go... Lambert Strether on Links 5/20/17The Maya handle our famously free press. The... Lambert Strether on Links 5/20/17Catholic renewal of baptismal vows. Do you reject... Jeremy Grimm on Links 5/20/17Magic disguises are called glamours in some of... Yves Smith on WSJ: JJ Jelincic to Leave CalPERS BoardYes, she's the one! Topics Africa (20) Australia (130) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,059) Banking industry (4,665) Brexit (55) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (574) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,635) Curiousities (273) Currencies (909) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,493) Dubious statistics (587) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,797) Energy markets (511) Environment (465) Europe (632) Federal Reserve (1,270) Free markets and their discontents (1,448) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (334) Globalization (1,112) Guest Post (6,626) Health care (397) Hedge funds (420) Income disparity (990) India (18) Infrastructure (82) Investment banks (747) Investment management (507) Investment outlook (856) Japan (204) Legal (1,915) Links (3,088) Macroeconomic policy (981) Market inefficiencies (234) Media appearances (74) Media watch (879) Middle East (150) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (293) OCC (12) Payment system (50) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,099) Private equity (523) Privatization (73) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,611) Ridiculously obvious scams (461) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (242) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,037) Social values (1,802) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (389) Technology and innovation (469) The destruction of the middle class (1,376) The dismal science (1,470) TPP (84) UK (121) Water Cooler (678) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry Mobile right to repair Apple thinks only its techs are competent enough to fix iPhones Just think of all that wasted education just because you decided not to work for Apple By Cal Jeffrey on May 20, 2017, 9:30 AM 26 comments TechSpot Back in February, we reported how Nebraska had introduced a bill that would make it easier for citizens and independent repair shops to fix broken iPhones. Similar legislation has been introduced in seven other states: Illinois, Kansas, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, Tennessee, and Wyoming. In March, Apple and AT&T went to court in Nebraska opposing the “right-to-repair” bill. The companies cited safety concerns as reasons for their opposition to the law. The corporations and other lobbyists, such as John Deere, claim that if passed, the bill would put consumers at significant risk of bodily injury such as “cuts from a broken screen” or “burns from a mishandled lithium-ion battery.” The introduction of the legislation is a “shotgun approach” initiated by lobbyists for Repair.org. Their hope is that at least one of these states will pass the bill. If that happens, it may "pressure manufacturers to cede the legal point," thus making it law de facto nationwide. In 2012, that is exactly what happened with a similar right-to-repair law for automobiles that passed in Massachusetts. If laws like this pass in one state, then the corporations often give up the fight because it becomes too burdensome. "If they’re concerned about exploding batteries, put warning labels on them and tell consumers how to replace them safely.” The latest confrontation has been in New York where companies like phone insurance company Asurion, plus others like Toyota and Caterpillar are taking up the battle. According to Digital Trends, “Since the beginning of 2017, these companies have spent upwards of $366,000 to maintain pressure on state lawmakers” to throw the bill out. To some, the excuses that consumers could “hurt themselves” is just a way to raise concern over public safety and that the real motivation is to monopolize the repair industry. Repair.org executive director Gay Gordon-Byrne said that if they really wanted to ensure public safety, “they should want to give people as much information about how to deal with a hazardous thing as they can. If they’re concerned about exploding batteries, put warning labels on them and tell consumers how to replace them safely.” It is also important to remember that it is not all about the consumer repairing their own phones. Right-to-repair laws would allow professional technicians, who are highly skilled at making these types of repairs, access to the parts, tools, and documentation that they need to fix the devices the right way. Related Reads Apple facing patent troll lawsuit because iPhones can make calls and send emails iPhones in China and Taiwan taken over by new iOS malware Fingerprint scanners on Android phones are far less secure than on iPhones 26 comments 254 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Republic Wireless wants to give you 6 months of free service Surface Pro 5 leaks online with minimal design changes Technology dominates LinkedIn's 2017 Top Companies list Popular Gigabyte Aero 15 Review: No Bezels, No Worries 26 comments Apple thinks only its techs are competent enough to fix iPhones 62 comments Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price Self-driving AI is teaching itself to drive in GTA V live on Twitch Load Comments 26 ... User Comments: 26 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 26 Apple thinks only its techs are competent enough to fix iPhones 17 Western Digital will add 10-terabyte drives to its Red line up 8 Hacker removes 6.6 million Zomato customer passwords from dark web after company agrees... 10 Windows 10 S is not capable of running Linux distros 62 Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Apple Blames Exploding Beats Headphones Incident On Third-Party Batteries Denisse Moreno International Business Times May 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A survey shows the tech giant commands more consumer loyalty than any other brand in the market.More Apple has blamed third-party batteries for an explosion of Beats By Dre headphones that burned a woman’s face while she was sleeping on a flight in February, according to the Australian Associated Press. The Australian woman, who asked not to be identified, was traveling from Beijing to Melbourne, Australia when she woke up two hours into the flight to the sound of her headphones exploding and a burning sensation. The woman’s face, hands and hair were burned during the incident. Read: Apple Will Introduce New MacBook Lineup At WWDC, Could Debut Revamped MacBook Air She was looking to get reimbursement for her headphones and ruined clothing, but Apple said the incident was not due to product defects. "Our investigation indicated the issue was caused by a third-party battery," the Cupertino company said in a statement shared by the woman's lawyers. The woman said she bought the batteries in Australia. "The headphones don't work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones - or their packaging - did it specify which brand of batteries should be used," she said. The battery and cover of the headphones were melted and stuck on the floor of the airplane. “I continued to feel burning so I grabbed them off and threw them on the floor. They were sparking and had small amounts of fire," the woman said back in February. "As I went to stamp my foot on them the flight attendants were already there with a bucket of water to pour on them. They put them into the bucket at the rear of the plane.” The incident sparked chaos among passengers traveling on the aircraft. The smell of melted plastic, burnt electronics and burnt hair filled the airplane, with people “coughing and choking the entire way home.” Read: Bose Headphones Could Be Spying On Its Users, Wiretap Lawsuit Claims After the incident, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) reminded travelers of safety precautions when using battery-powered devices. The Bureau recommended: Batteries should be kept in an approved stowage, unless in use Spare batteries must be in your carry-on baggage NOT checked baggage If a passenger’s smartphone or other device has fallen into the seat gap, locate their device before moving powered seat. If a passenger cannot locate their device, they should refrain from moving their seat and immediately contact a cabin crew member. Apple’s blame on third-party batteries comes after Samsung Galaxy Note 7 devices were globally recalled last year after the phones were found to cause battery fires. The Galaxy Note 7 failure cost Samsung $5.3 billion in operating profit. In October 2016, a Galaxy Note 7 replacement burst into flames on a Southwest Airlines flight. After the incident, the devices were banned from all U.S. aircrafts by the U.S. Department of Transportation, with the Federal Aviation Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. Regulators said passengers with the Note 7 would be denied boarding a flight, and could face fines and even criminal prosecution if they were found to have violated the ban. Related Articles Android Phones Beat iPhones In Performance Efficiency: Survey Wireless Earphones Comparison: Apple AirPods vs. BeatsX Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Police find body of missing Cornell University student Aalaap Narasipura 675 reactions6%59%35% President Trump, Pippa Middleton's wedding, protests and more — it happened today: May 20 in pictures 23 reactions6%70%24% Black Man Praised After Slapping White Woman For Calling Him A Ni**er 12222 reactions3%68%29% Texas Man Settles Lawsuit Against His Date, Who Texted During 'Guardians of the Galaxy 2' 828 reactions5%74%21% President Trump's first trip abroad 499 reactions7%72%21% Trump begins first overseas trip as commander-in-chief 20 reactions2%67%31% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 12 reactions14%67%19% Mexican mob attacks Russian man in Cancun over insults 102 reactions4%71%25% Short-handed Spurs fight, but Kevin Durant carries Warriors to 3-0 lead 32 reactions3%77%20% 'Such a big boy': Trump proudly tweets about first foreign trip and Twitter rips him apart 5390 reactions6%61%33% Times Square, protests, Weiner and more — it happened today: May 19 in pictures 88 reactions2%74%24% Former FBI director to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee 6 reactions0%57%43% Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 15 reactions0%68%32% Kendall Jenner Has Stunning Cannes Red Carpet Moment with Billowing Mini Dress 473 reactions5%73%22% Most Accomplished ‘Real World’ Cast Members on Its 25th Anniversary 212 reactions7%76%17% Woman Dies After Childbirth, Photos Go Viral 930 reactions7%66%27% 11 judges will soon decide the fate of a polarizing US agency Ronald: The CFPB helped my wife and I resolve a conflict with a major bank who was attempting to charge us 7 years of penalties and interest on a credit card that was closed for fraud and the bank forgot to transfer a small principle balance to the replacement card. This balance and interest suddenly appeared on our credit report without any written notification. We talked with 6 people at the bank over a 2 week period who essentially called us deadbeats and told us we were thieves. We were more than willing to pay the principle but not the penalties and interest since it was their fault that they didn't transfer the charges that were then current over to the new card, which we didn't catch. We contacted the CFPB and had an agreement with the bank to pay the principle balance with no interest or fees within a week. This agency is their to help the consumer and should not be abolished. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.4k
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums News All Draft Free Agency Team Info Roster Schedule Transactions Upcoming Events Stats Standings Scoreboard Team Stats Player Stats Free Agency Draft Rankings Combine Senior Bowl Mock Muncher Fantasy Tickets Shop Join Who Will Emerge as the Dark Horse at Cornerback for the New York Giants? Alexander Wilson Friday at 5:10 PM The New York Giants arguably have one of the better secondary’s in the league with the emergence of all-pro safety Landon Collins and pro bowler Janoris Jenkins. The New York Giants' cornerbacks on the roster for the most part have minimal experience, but there is massive potential for a lock-down defensive backfield if the right players rise to the occasion. After a successful rookie campaign, Eli Apple is primed to take over Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie's role on the outside. DRC has been a rock for the Giants the past few years, but it may be time for him to hand over the torch to the younger Apple. CAN'T MISS: New York Giants' defensive line can smash records in 2017 With the departure of Trevin Wade, the Giants had to make a few roster adjustments and bring in some depth at the cornerback position. They opted to sign Valentino Blake from the Tennessee Titans, also known as the guy who made it on to “C’mon Man” three consecutive weeks in a row. I’m really hoping he doesn’t bring his bad luck to New York, we have had enough of it already with Bobby Rainey stepping out of bounds at the 5 yard-line in the playoffs. The sure-fire starters on Big Blue are Eli Apple, Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie and Janoris Jenkins. Let’s take a look at who’s the favorite to start, in-the-hunt and the darkhorse. FAVORITE: Out of the remaining defensive backs, my favorite to secure a starting role is Rahim Moore. Moore will play a similar role to Leon Hall in 2016. Moore brings a veteran presence and will elevate his teammates with experience and determination. Leon Hall played valiantly last year, even after suffering multiple injuries with the Cincinnati Bengals. Embed from Getty Images Ultimately, it comes down to experience and Moore has the most of it, making him the favorite.    IN-THE-HUNT:   The player that is in-the-hunt to make the starting squad is Valentino Blake. Despite making several mistakes last year, he’s decent in coverage and can hold his own against mid-level receivers. Embed from Getty Images His experience is valued and will shine brighter than the rest of the cornerbacks vying for a chance to taste the grass on gameday.   MUST READ: New York Giants' Geno Smith versus Davis Webb   DARKHORSE:   My dark horse cornerback is Donte Deayon. Something about the kid sparks a light in my heart. Maybe it’s his less than average height (5’9”)?  But then again, Valentino Blake also stands short at 5’9”, so he’s got just as good of a shot as Blake. Embed from Getty Images Deayon was a ball-hawk in college and his film speaks for itself. His quickness and grit is admirable, but he just doesn’t have the muscle (158 lbs.) to stack up against the bigger receivers.   He’s so small that quarterbacks often don’t see him, resulting in interceptions. This is the up-side to his skill, but his down-side is that he can’t match up with bigger targets and gets bullied off the line.   Overall, the kid has heart and he has made his case in practice. If he shows up stronger and ready to play in training camp, there’s no reason he can’t earn a role on the starting team, but realistically it’s easier said than done.    Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Dogs Swept in Final Series at P.D.S. Weekend Cardinals Minor League Moves: 5/20-21 Alabama Softball Edges Minnesota In 9 Innings Giants Defensive Line Ready to Smash Records GPTV: Cannizaro Looks Ahead to Hoover Share & Embed 2019 DB Moses Douglass Lands Bama Offer Full Story The Giants Beat Top Stories Geno Smith Vs Davis WebbAfter the release of longtime New York Giants backup quarterback Ryan Nassib, Jerry Reese went after former Jet Geno Smith. Smith was signed as an insurance policy for Eli Manning,… by Alexander Wilson The Giants BeatYesterday at 3:59 AM Giants Defensive Line Ready to Smash RecordsThe New York Giants have one of the most versatile and dangerous defensive units in the entirety of the NFL. With the likes of Jason Pierre-Paul and Olivier Vernon dominating the… by Alexander Wilson The Giants BeatFriday at 7:57 AM Giants Sign Fastest Man in College FootballThe New York Giants have signed Kevin Snead out of Carson-Newman to a contract. The Giants held tryouts over the weekend, in which four players were signed to rookie contracts. by Alexander Wilson The Giants BeatWednesday at 1:15 PM Davis Webb Can Develop Behind Eli ManningDespite recent criticism over third-round selection Davis Webb being Eli Manning's successor, the Cal product has all the intangibles to succeed in the NFL. by Alexander Wilson The Giants BeatTuesday at 10:06 AM 2017 Fantasy Football PrimerAre you ready for the 2017 Fantasy Football season? It can't come soon enough, right? This page is a hub where we both want to look forward towards 2017 but also look back at 2016. by SCOUT Fantasy Staff Scout FantasyWednesday at 1:30 PM Engram Impresses in Rookie CampDespite neglecting to select an offensive lineman in the first-round of the NFL draft, it seems the New York Giants have discovered a gem. And he’s proving his worth already in… by Alexander Wilson The Giants Beat05/14/2017 Travis Rudolph Opens Up About FatherIf there’s one man that deserves a shot at the pros, it’s Travis Rudolph. Lucky for him, he’s earned a spot on the New York Giants’ roster. by Alexander Wilson The Giants Beat05/12/2017 Herzlich's position change avoids his releaseIt's unconventional to ask a veteran player to change positions, but that's exactly what Big Blue is asking Mark Herzlich to do in order to avoid a roster cut. by David Blutstein The Giants Beat05/12/2017 Gallman receives ringing endorsement from OBJThe former Clemson standout caught the eye of Odell Beckham Jr. prior to the start of last season. by Alex Evans The Giants Beat05/12/2017 Odell Beckham Jr. Will Excel in 2017New York Giants' wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. is regarded as one of the top receivers in the NFL. Can he get even better in 2017? by Alexander Wilson The Giants Beat05/12/2017 Victor Cruz visits with Tom Coughlin's JagsThe former Giant head coach is evidently given Victor Cruz a chance to prolong his football career. by Alex Evans The Giants Beat05/11/2017Load More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 2.0M 450K 365K 56K 14K 21K 65K 45K Android Deals Deal: Samsung Galaxy S8+ 64GB Unlocked For $779.99 – 05/19/17 UPDATED: Deal: Cambridge SoundWorks OontZ Angle 3 Plus BT Speaker For $35 – 05/18/17 Banggood Promo: Top 5 Smartphone Deals Deal: Anker PowerCore Speed 10,000 Power Bank For $26.99 Recent News Get These Paid Android Icon Packs For Free, Limited Time Only Rumored Model Of ASUS Zenfone Go 2 Goes Through TENAA Alarm.com IoT Service Receives Google Home Support Geekbench Lists New Nokia Handsets With SD 835, 660 & 630 Recent Reviews Xiaomi Mi 6 Review: Powerful Yet Stunning Gretel A9 Review: Value-Packed And Affordable HTC U Ultra Review: Great Looking Smartphone BlackBerry KEYone Review: The Physical Keyboard Returns Ford Brings Android Auto to all 2016 Vehicles with SYNC 3 May 20, 2017 - Written By Alexander Maxham Ford announced that they are pushing an update to SYNC 3 vehicles that will bring both Android Auto and Apple CarPlay to all 2016-model year vehicles. This means that the number of Ford vehicles with support for Apple and Google’s infotainment systems just got a bit larger. According to Ford’s press release, customers are able to update to the latest version of SYNC 3, which is v2.2, by downloading it to a USB drive, through a Wi-Fi connection, or by visiting your local Ford dealership and having them install the update for you. This is actually the first time that Ford has done an update to SYNC over Wi-Fi, even though they have been pushing updates since 2009, for SYNC. What this means for Wi-Fi-enabled vehicles is that if you have automatic updates installed, your vehicle will automatically download and install the update for you and there’s nothing that needs to be done. You just need to make sure it is connected to Wi-Fi before turning off the vehicle. With Android Auto and Apple CarPlay in Ford’s 2016 lineup, users will be able to plug in their Android smartphone or iPhone into their car when they get in and be able to use things like Google Maps (or Apple Maps) for navigation, also listen to their favorite music, podcasts, audiobooks and much more. On Android Auto, you are also able to message and call people from within the car, hands-free. You can reply to messages in select apps (which the number of apps continues to grow), which includes WhatsApp, Hangouts, Allo, Telegram and many others. You can also make and answer calls from within the car, which is a nice addition. The experience that Ford has built with Android Auto is actually really nice. It works really well with SYNC 3, which we found out when we test drove their Fusion earlier this year. With Android Auto, you are able to use the steering wheel controls to interact with Android Auto. Which includes skipping songs, adjusting the volume and even using the voice command button for issuing commands to Google. Remember that with Android Auto, you do need to long-press the voice button to use it within Android Auto. Post navigation SK Hynix and Bain Now Bidding For Toshiba Chip Company Samsung SM-G9298 Passes Through FCC May 20, 2017 | Android Auto News , Android News Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Get These Paid Android Icon Packs For Free, Limited Time Only Rumored Model Of ASUS Zenfone Go 2 Goes Through TENAA Alarm.com IoT Service Receives Google Home Support Geekbench Lists New Nokia Handsets With SD 835, 660 & 630 Samsung Elected To Join Board Of 5G Automotive Association Google I/O 2017 Day 2 Wrap Up: Android Pay, Google Assistant, & More Samsung SM-G9298 Passes Through FCC Ford Brings Android Auto to all 2016 Vehicles with SYNC 3 SK Hynix and Bain Now Bidding For Toshiba Chip Company Google I/O 2017 Complete Wrap Up: Everything You Need To Know Vine Archive Bug Revealed User E-mails & Phone Numbers Google I/O 2017 Day 1 Wrap Up: Android O Beta, Google Lens, & More Negotiations Fail As AT&T Workers Begin Promised Strike This Is The Moto Z2 Play, TENAA Confirms Single Rear Camera Uber Tells Top Executive He Must Comply With Court’s Orders Spotify Buys AI Start-Up Niland To Improve Recommendations Verizon Is Expected To See More Postpaid Subscribers In Q2 HTC U11: The Good, The Bad, & The Ugly Android O Automatically Turns Wi-Fi On Near Saved Networks Android O Introduces Play Store Graphics Driver Updates New Emulator Revealed To Aid App Creation For Chrome OS Load More Posts Follow Share
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Yesterday AAPL: 153.06 0.52 This week’s top stories: iOS 10.3.2 & 10.3.3 beta, iPhone 8 renders, Apple Watch reports, WWDC MacBooks & iPads, more Jordan Kahn - May. 20th 2017 8:02 am PT @JordanKahn iPhone 8 WWDC 2017 Top Stories View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: iOS 10.3.2 arrives alongside 10.3.3 beta, iPhone 8 renders, Apple Watch news, Apple plans hardware updates for WWDC, and much more. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac This week Apple releases iOS 10.3.2 update for iPhone and iPad as well as its first iOS 10.3.3 betas that brings three new wallpapers to 12.9″ iPad Pro. iPhone 8 renders reportedly made from highly detailed CAD files show an embedded Home button and wireless charging. And a report claims Apple will likely to launch a 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC next month. watchOS 3.2.2 arrives for Apple Watch as new reports claim Apple is developing and testing wearable blood sugar tracking technology for the device. Zac breaks down what watchOS 4 could learn from the original Apple Watch OS. A MacBook Pro upgrade is reportedly coming at WWDC alongside 12-inch MacBook refresh. And Google announces Assistant for iPhone at Google I/O alongside other announcements for Mac and iOS users. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: iPhone | iPad iOS 10.3.3 beta brings three new wallpapers to 12.9″ iPad Pro, download here Apple releases first iOS 10.3.3 public beta for iPhone and iPad Apple releases first iOS 10.3.3 beta for iPhone and iPad Apple releases iOS 10.3.2 update for iPhone and iPad iPhone 8 renders from CAD files show embedded Home button, wireless charging Apple granted patents for bezel-free display and Touch ID button embedded in screen Report: Apple to phase out the iPad mini, no more updates planned KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software Apple Watch | watchOS 3.2.2 update for Apple Watch now available Report: Tim Cook testing wearable blood sugar tracker connected to Apple Watch Here’s what watchOS 4 could learn from the original Apple Watch OS Mac | Bloomberg: MacBook Pro upgrade coming at WWDC alongside 12-inch MacBook refresh macOS 10.12.5 rolling out on the Mac App Store with USB headphones fix, Windows 10 improvement, more Apps | Google announces Assistant for iPhone at Google I/O Things 3 task manager launches with beautiful new design and all-new features Google I/O: Assistant for iPhone, Google Home, Photos, new Gmail for iOS features App specific passwords will be required to sign in to iCloud with third party apps from June 15 AAPL | Apple Store Photos posted from exclusive tour inside Apple Park, with video coming soon [Gallery] Images show Apple begin overnight refresh on older retail stores [Gallery] This week’s top videos | iOS 11 concept imagines new productivity features, Finder, and more for iPad Friday 5: Things 3 is more than just a visual overhaul Accell’s USB-C to HDMI 2.0 adapter connects the MacBook Pro to 4K displays @60Hz StarTech’s USB-C to SATA adapter makes for a great MacBook Pro accessory Happy Hour Podcast  #120| This week Benjamin and Zac discuss iPad and MacBook updated expected at WWDC next month, iOS 10.3.3 beta and the new wallpapers, how watchOS 4 could improve Apple Watch, and much more. Subscribe to get all 9to5Mac’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Clock pictured in top image from 9to5Toys: This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides iPhone 8 View THe Guide WWDC17 Apple's WWDC 2017 is scheduled for June 5th - 9th at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. Registration opens Monday, March 27th at 10 AM PDT (1 PM EDT). View THe Guide This week's top stories Get this week's top AAPL stories. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
News24 News. Breaking News. First LAST UPDATED: 2017-05-21, 07:41 In partnership with Cape Town Sunday 13-20°C High level clouds. Mild. 3 day forecast Monday 14-19°c Morning clouds. Mild. Tuesday 13-20°c Sunny. Mild. Wednesday 15-18°c Morning clouds. Mild. More weather from Weather24 > Brought to you by: News South Africa World Africa Entertainment Green Health Opinions Voices MyNews24 Columnists Business Budget 2017 Markets Personal Finance Economy Opinion Small Business FinWeek Sport News Rugby Cricket Soccer Golf Tennis Formula1 Other Sport SuperSport Live Streaming Video Highlights Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Motoring News New Models 4X4 Formula One MotorSport Bikes Your Wheels Travel News Explore Family Holidays SA Holiday Guide Weekend Escapes Travel Planning My Travels Lifestyle Health Women Motoring Food Travel Entertainment Parent Volunteers24 GameZone Dating Video News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Parenting Travel Health Focus Project Rise Zimbabwe Aids Focus Good News City Press Competitions isiZulu Jobs Property City Press   Rare Apple-1 fetches less than expected at auction 2017-05-20 17:13 (iStock) Multimedia   ·   User Galleries   ·   News in Pictures Send us your pictures  ·  Send us your stories What To Read Next {{item.title}} Related Links $100 000 cheque awaits mystery recycler of rare Apple 1 computer Ditch computers to save democracy - ethical hacker Ukrainian hacker gets prison for leading online theft ring Berlin - A rare working Apple-1, the first computer produced by Steve Jobs' world-beater-to-be company four decades ago, sold for less than expected at auction in Germany on Saturday. One of only eight working models in the world, the machine fetched €110 000, well below the expected €180 000 to €300 000, suggesting that a spike in prices after Jobs' 2011 death is definitely over. Original owner "From our point of view we are back at normal levels. Five years after the death of (Apple co-founder) Steve Jobs the 'hype' has settled back", said Uwe Breker, who oversaw the auction in Cologne. Breker's auction house, which specialises in the sale of technical antiques, had also been involved in a 2013 sale of another Apple-I, which fetched €516 000. The model auctioned off on Saturday and whose original owner was a Californian engineer, still had its receipt, its operating manual and other documents. "(The Apple 1) was one of the first opportunities for someone to possess a real computer. I'd been working with computers for a while but they were huge," said original owner John J Dryden, who bought the Apple in 1976. Old computers He admitted that parting with the machine was a wrench but said the time had come as he had not used it in a long time. The computer was one of around 200 Apple 1 units marketed by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, who developed and built it. Saturday's buyer was a German engineer who collects old computers. Read more on:    apple  |  auction  |  germany Join the conversation! 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. We reserve editorial discretion to decide what will be published. Read our comments policy for guidelines on contributions. NEXT ON NEWS24X Iran's Rouhani wins 2nd term by wide margin 2017-05-20 16:01 Inside News24 Are Kendall and Kylie glamorising smoking? Teens are going to pay the price. SA's top high school field athletes 2017 Top scorers at the 2017 National High Schools championships. Renault's hottest Clio RS joins SA's hot hatch battle Brian Molefe puzzle Resigned, retired, retrenched, retained … which is it? 5 big TV scoops! 5 TV announcements that will have your head spinning. Pippa Middleton asked her wedding guests to bring what?! Know the reason your cake flopped? Take this fun quiz on World Baking Day. Is avo toast standing between me and my dream of owning a house?   Most Read News In Your Area Top Lifestyle PICS: Pippa Middleton stuns on her wedding day 9 stunning photos from Pippa Middleton's wedding day Referee Van Heerden steals the show at Newlands Sandton Station's forgotten: Where are the owners and why have they abandoned these cars? Watergate: Zuma buddy scored massive More.. [change area] News in Cape Town Where is the money? Under police escort, South African ambulances brave attacks Treeby citing highlights questionable officiating Courtney Pieters' body leaves for final resting place Athlone mom starts fund for son's marrow transplant Sesotho baby names for boys and girls 8 Restaurants in Joburg where you don't see your car or a road PICS: Penelope Cruz as Donatella Versace All the supermodels that walked last night's Cannes red carpet Braaiing this weekend? /News WATCH: Zille intervenes after threats to burn down Gugulethu school Traffic Alerts Please Select a Region Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Western Cape Free State Mpumalanga Eastern Cape Limpopo Northern Cape North West Traffic Cape Town 08:21 AM Road name: Bree Street Southbound Southbound Cape Town 08:21 AM Road name: Bree Street Northbound Northbound More traffic reports Lotto results Saturday, 20 May 2017-05-20 21:08 Click here for the full list of lottery results Jobs in Cape Town [change area] Jobs in Western Cape region Civil Engineer Cape Town Tumaini Consulting R600 000 - R750 000 Per Year Locum Sonographer needed in the Sea point & Three Anchor Bay, Atlantic Seaboard, Western Cape Atlantic Seaboard Health Staff (Pty) Ltd Browse more Cape Town jobs... Johannesburg Jobs Limpopo Jobs East London Jobs Insurance Jobs Sales Jobs Media Jobs Register your CV... Get Job alerts in your e-mail... RECRUITERS – Advertise your jobs here Property [change area] HOUSES FOR SALE IN Cape Town, Bergvliet Houses R 3 495 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Paarl Houses R 7 595 000 APARTMENTS / FLATS FOR SALE IN Cape Town, Mouille Point Apartments / Flats R 36 900 000   services E-mail Alerts The latest headlines in your inbox RSS feeds News delivered really simply. Mobile News24 on your mobile or PDA E-mail Newsletters You choose what you want News24 on Android Get the latest from News24 on your Android device. SMS Alerts Get breaking news stories via SMS. TV Get us in your home, on your television.   News24Wire · Search · Advertise on News24 · Terms & Conditions · Press Releases · Jobs at 24.com · About us · Contact us   © 2017 24.com. All rights reserved. There are new stories on the homepage. Click here to see them.   News24 English Afrikaans isiZulu |   OLX  |  PROPERTY24  |  CAREERS24  |  SPREE  |     Hello  Create Profile Creating your profile will enable you to submit photos and stories to get published on News24. Please provide a username for your profile page: This username must be unique, cannot be edited and will be used in the URL to your profile page across the entire 24.com network. Hello  Choose a display name: * You must provide a display name. Edit your avatar: Select an image file on your computer (max 4MB): * The image you selected could not be uploaded. Tell us a bit about yourself: * Your profile could not be saved at the moment. Please try again later.   Saving your profile   Login / SignUp Login / SignUp Settings Location Settings News24 allows you to edit the display of certain components based on a location. If you wish to personalise the page based on your preferences, please select a location for each component and click "Submit" in order for the changes to take affect. Your Location Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Weather Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Always remember my setting Saving your settings Facebook Sign-In Hi News addict, Join the News24 Community to be involved in breaking the news. Log in with Facebook to comment and personalise news, weather and listings.  
DAX ®12.638,69+0,39%TecDAX ®2.221,59+1,18%S&P FUTURE2.381,50+0,77%Nasdaq 100 Future5.653,25+0,44% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt BUSINESS WIRE: SoftBank Vision Fund Announces First Major Close 20.05.2017 - 16:30 | Quelle: Business_Wire MITTEILUNG UEBERMITTELT VON BUSINESS WIRE. FUER DEN INHALT IST ALLEIN DAS BERICHTENDE UNTERNEHMEN VERANTWORTLICH. In Addition to the Public Investment Fund, SoftBank Group and Mubadala, Initial Investors in Global Technology Fund include Apple, Foxconn, Qualcomm and Sharp SoftBank Vision Fund Seeks to Accelerate Information Revolution SAINT HELIER, Jersey --(BUSINESS WIRE)-- 20.05.2017 -- The SoftBank Vision Fund (the “Fund”) today announced its first major close with over U.S.$93 billion of committed capital. In addition to SoftBank Group Corp (“SBG”) and the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“PIF”) as previously announced, investors in the Fund also include the Mubadala Investment Company of the United Arab Emirates (“Mubadala”), Apple Inc. (“Apple”), Foxconn Technology Group (“Foxconn”), Qualcomm Incorporated (“Qualcomm”) and Sharp Corporation ("Sharp"). The Fund is targeting a total of U.S.$100 billion of committed capital, with a final close within six months. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170520005010/en/ SBG created the SoftBank Vision Fund as a result of its strongly held belief that the next stage of the Information Revolution is underway, and building the businesses that will make this possible will require unprecedented large scale long-term investment. Additionally, the Fund’s portfolio companies are expected to significantly benefit from SBG's global scale and operational expertise, as well as its ecosystem of group portfolio companies (including Sprint and Yahoo Japan); this will thereby help them to accelerate their own growth profile. The Fund will be SBG’s primary vehicle to realise its SoftBank 2.0 vision, with preferred access to investments of U.S. $100 million or more that meet the Fund's investment strategy. Masayoshi Son, Chairman & CEO of SoftBank Group Corp. said: “Technology has the potential to address the biggest challenges and risks facing humanity today. The businesses working to solve these problems will require patient long-term capital and visionary strategic investment partners with the resources to nurture their success. SoftBank has long made bold investments in transformative technologies and supported disruptive entrepreneurs. The SoftBank Vision Fund is consistent with this strategy and will help build and grow businesses creating the foundational platforms of the next stage of the Information Revolution.” H.E. Yasir Al Rumayyan, Managing Director of the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, added: “Our investment in the SoftBank Vision Fund alongside other sovereign and corporate investors is an important part of our overall investment strategy. We are building a portfolio that is diversified across sectors, asset classes and geographies, and expect the Vision Fund to act as a platform to access a range of exciting, emerging opportunities in the technology sector. We expect that this will, in turn, help enable the Public Investment Fund’s role in supporting the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030 strategy to develop a diversified, knowledge-based economy.” Khaldoon Khalifa Al Mubarak, Group CEO of Mubadala Investment Company, said: “Our participation in the SoftBank Vision Fund perfectly complements Mubadala’s strategy as a long-term global investor and partner to the technology sector’s high-growth companies. Technology and innovation are central to the UAE’s economic diversification strategy, and we believe the Vision Fund has the scale to deploy significant capital into these disruptive industries that are shaping the future.” Investment Strategy The Fund will target meaningful, long-term investments in companies and foundational platform businesses that seek to enable the next age of innovation. The Fund will seek to acquire minority and majority interests in both private and public companies, from emerging technology businesses to established, multi-billion dollar companies requiring substantial growth funding. The Fund is expected to be active across a wide range of technology sectors, including but not limited to: IoT, artificial intelligence, robotics, mobile applications and computing, communications infrastructure and telecoms, computational biology and other data-driven business models, cloud technologies and software, consumer internet businesses and financial technology. The Fund will have the right to acquire certain investments already acquired (or agreed to be acquired) by the SoftBank Group, including 24.99% of its holding in ARM, and investments in Guardant Health, Intelsat, NVIDIA, OneWeb and SoFi. Key Leadership The Fund will be advised by wholly-owned subsidiaries of SBG, known collectively as “SB Investment Advisers”. Rajeev Misra will serve as the CEO of SB Investment Advisers and will be a member of the Investment Committee. He will play a key role in all Fund transactions, supported by a highly-experienced global team across offices in London, San Carlos, and Tokyo. Nizar Al-Bassam and Dalinc Ariburnu of newly formed Centricus, who advised on structuring and fund raising efforts for the Vision Fund, will continue their roles as advisers. ARM group SBG’s commitment to invest U.S. $28 billion in the Fund will be partially satisfied through the in-kind contribution of approximately 24.99% of the shares in ARM Holdings plc, at a value of approximately U.S.$8.2 billion. ARM will continue to be a consolidated subsidiary of SBG. SBG will continue to control (directly and indirectly) 100% of the voting rights of ARM, through its retained ownership of approximately 75.01% of the shares and its ownership of the entities managing and advising the Fund. In the course of discussions with certain investors in the Fund, a portion of ARM was requested to be transferred into the Fund based on the shared vision on the huge growth potential of ARM There will be no change to the Board, governance structure or operations of ARM as a result of the transfer. The investors in the Fund will not gain any special commercial benefits from ARM’s operating business. Relationship to SoftBank Group Corp. The Fund’s general partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SBG, as are each of the SB Investment Advisers, including the Fund’s primary investment adviser, SB Investment Advisers (UK) Limited. SBG has subscribed for commitments of U.S. $28 billion to the Fund to be contributed through a combination of equity in ARM and cash on hand. The Fund will be consolidated by SBG for accounting purposes. While the Fund will be the primary investment vehicle for investments in excess of U.S.$100 million consistent with the Fund’s investment strategy, SBG (and its subsidiaries) may continue to make certain investments outside of the Fund, including (but not limited to) investments in early stage VC, strategic investments done at the operating company level, and/or other investments which do not fall within the Fund’s investment strategy and criteria. This statement is issued by SVF GP (Jersey) Limited, as general partner of SoftBank Vision Fund L.P. ENDS Advisers Linklaters LLP acted as fund counsel and provided tax support. Kirkland & Ellis LLP acted as US regulatory counsel to the Fund, and Carey Olsen as Jersey fund counsel. Mori Hamada & Matsumoto and Maples & Calder provided additional legal and regulatory support. PwC provided tax, operational build and programme delivery support. Aztec Group will provide ongoing administration services. Goldman Sachs International acted as financial advisor. Milltown Partners provided strategic communications support. Legal disclaimers THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (THE “INFORMATION”) IS SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMERS, NOTES AND QUALIFICATIONS. No Offer. The distribution to you of the Information is made for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy limited partnership interests in SoftBank Vision Fund L.P. (together with, as the context may require, any parallel fund, feeder fund, co-investment vehicle or alternative investment vehicle, the “Fund”). The Information is not intended to be relied upon as the basis for an investment decision, and is not, and should not be assumed to be, complete. The contents of the Information are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice, and each prospective investor in the Fund should consult its own attorney, business advisor and tax advisor as to legal, business and tax advice. Forward-Looking Information. To the extent presented herein, any projections or other estimates included in the Information, including estimates of returns or performance, are forward-looking statements and are based upon certain assumptions. Other events which were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the actual returns or performance of the Fund and/or any of the companies in which the Fund, SoftBank Group Corp. (together with its subsidiaries, “SoftBank”) or any of their applicable affiliates have invested or may invest. Any assumptions should not be construed to be indicative of the actual events which will occur. Actual events are difficult to project and depend upon factors that are beyond the control of the Fund, SoftBank, the manager of the Fund (the “Manager”), the general partner of the Fund (the “General Partner”) and their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, advisers or agents. Certain assumptions have been made to simplify the presentation and, accordingly, actual results may differ, perhaps materially, from those presented herein. There can be no assurance that any specific investment referenced herein will be profitable, that the Fund will achieve results comparable to those presented or that investors in the Fund will not lose any or all of their invested capital. No Reliance. None of SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner or any of their applicable affiliates makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Information. SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner and their applicable affiliates will not be liable with respect to use or reliance upon any of the Information in the evaluation of a potential investment in the Fund or otherwise with the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank of any of their applicable affiliates. The Information speaks as of the date hereof, or where applicable as of the date indicated herein, and none of SoftBank, the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, managers, directors, officers, employees or agents have any obligation to update any of the Information. Certain Estimates. To the extent presented herein, any projections or estimates regarding the number, size or type of investments that the Fund may make (or other similar information) are estimates based only on the Manager’s intent as of the date of such statements and are subject to change due to market conditions and/or other factors. Date and Accuracy of Information. The Information contained herein speaks as of the date hereof or as of the specific date(s) noted herein, as applicable. The Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank and their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, advisers and agents do not have any obligation to update any of the Information. . None of the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank or any of their applicable affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein, and nothing contained herein should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to past or future performance of the Fund, any investment or any other entity. The Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank or any of their applicable subsidiaries or affiliates, and its and their respective members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents and advisors advisers cannot be held liable for the use of, and reliance upon, such materials and information and any opinions, estimates, forecasts and findings contained herein. Suitability. None of SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner or any of their applicable affiliate represents that the Information is all-inclusive or that the Information contains all information that may be desirable, necessary or required to properly evaluate a potential investment with SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner and/or their applicable affiliates. Any investment or investment activity to which this Information relates is available only to (i) persons falling within any of the categories of “investment professionals” as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001, as amended (the “CIS Order”) and Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “FPO”); (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of “high-net-worth entities” as described in Article 22(2) of the CIS Order and Article 49(2) of the FPO; or (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Exempt Persons”) on an invitation basis and will be engaged in only with such Exempt Persons. Furthermore, procedures are in place to assess the status of investment participants. Accordingly, persons who are not Exempt Persons (in particular, persons who would be classified as “retail clients” under the FCA rules) must not rely on this Information. In the case of persons outside the United Kingdom, investments or investment services referred to in the Information are only available on an invitation basis and are subject to procedures to assess status and suitability. For the avoidance of doubt, investments or investment services referred to in the Information are not available to private or retail customers. SoftBank and/or the Manager do not and will not act for you. In particular, SoftBank and/or the Manager do not and will not advise you or provide any other investment services to you and will not be responsible for providing you with any protections. No employee of, or other person associated with, SoftBank and/or the Manager has the authority to represent otherwise. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170520005010/en/ USA Sard Verbinnen & Co Paul Kranhold / Megan Bouchier softbank-svc@sardverb.com +1 415 618 8750 or EMEA, MENA, UK Finsbury Rollo Head / Andy Parnis softbank@finsbury.com +44 (0) 20 7251 3801 or JAPAN SoftBank Media Relations sbpr@softbank.co.jp +81 3 6889 2300 or INDIA SoftBank Paroma Roy Chowdhury paroma@softbank.com +91 (124) 4131400 or Website More information can be found at https://softbank-ia.com/ Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 19.05. Aktien Brasilien Schluss: Bovespa legt wieder zu - Erholung nach Vortagesrutsch 19.05. Aktien New York: Wall Street bleibt auf Erholungskurs 19.05. BMW-Finanzchef: Mehr Geld für Entwicklung - Zuversicht bei CO2-Emissionen 20.05. BUSINESS WIRE: EB Holdings II, Inc. nimmt Stellung zu dem von der GoldenTree-Gruppe angestrengten Gerichtsverfahren 19.05. BUSINESS WIRE: Jennifer Kyriakakis, Gründerin von MATRIXX Software, erhält „Woman of Influence Award“ weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Business_Wire Datum Meldung 20.05. BUSINESS WIRE: SoftBank Vision Fund Announces First Major Close 20.05. BUSINESS WIRE: EB Holdings II, Inc. commenta sulla causa intentata da GoldenTree Group 20.05. BUSINESS WIRE: EB Holdings II, Inc. nimmt Stellung zu dem von der GoldenTree-Gruppe angestrengten Gerichtsverfahren 19.05. BUSINESS WIRE: Jennifer Kyriakakis, Gründerin von MATRIXX Software, erhält „Woman of Influence Award“ 19.05. BUSINESS WIRE: Insignita dell’onorificenza “Woman of Influence” la fondatrice di MATRIXX Software, Jennifer Kyriakakis Topthemen Datum Meldung 20.05. Kaufprämie für moderne Diesel? Seehofer: Alles offen 20.05. «Solarworld»-Chef Asbeck gibt China Schuld an Insolvenz 20.05. Audi: Streit mit Vertragshändler in China beigelegt 20.05. Peso-Turbulenzen machen deutschen Unternehmen zu schaffen 20.05. VW-Vorstand Werner: Haben aus Diesel-Skandal gelernt weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 07:57 Zahlungsmittel: Eine unendliche Liebe zum Bargeld 20.05. Bundesfinanzhof: Kartenspielen wird steuerlich begünstigt 19.05. boerse.ARD.de Der Optimismus ist zurück 19.05. boerse.ARD.de Dax - no news are good news 19.05. boerse.ARD.de Geld verdienen mit der schönsten Zeit des Jahres zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! |Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |1,00% p.a. aufs Tagesgeld bei monatlicher Zinsgutschrift! Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank |Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld |Advanzia-Tagesgeld mit 1,00% p.a.! Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Wie, glauben Sie, wird der DAX am Ende dieser Woche - KW 21 - stehen? Höher als letzte Woche. Er wird gleich bleiben. Niedriger als letzte Woche. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 117.4m shares The first ever computer built by Steve Jobs in his garage just sold for £100,000 Ashitha Nagesh for Metro.co.ukSaturday 20 May 2017 3:36 pm It still works (Picture: Getty Images) Someone has just bought one of the first computers built by Steve Jobs – and it still works. The rare Apple-1 was one of just 200 the late Apple founder and Steve Wozniak designed, created and sold in 1976. Now, it has been sold for more than £100,000. Although relatively humble looking now, it was this machine that gave birth to the humongous Apple empire. It was also the first ever ready-made PC to come on the market, costing $666 at the time. Apple-1 had a tiny 8K of RAM – around 600,000 times less than is standard in Apple computers today. It wouldn’t have even been able to store one song. There are thought to be only 60 Apple-1 computers that have survived, with just eight still in working order. Just 200 were made at first (Picture: Getty Images) This particular machine, Apple-1 No. 01-0073, belonged to a software engineer from Berkeley in California’s Silicon Valley, who has had it ever since he bought it new at the time. Netflix blocks millions of 'altered' Android devices from using the app And it had extremely good provenance. It came with a rare white ceramic 6502 microprocessor and a complete set of time-correct chips and historic documents, including receipt of purchase from November 1976 and the earliest provisional manual. It even had contemporary notes of telephone conversations between the owner and Wozniak – also known as Woz – from 1977. Of the 200 machines made by Jobs and Woz, 50 were sold to a local shop called Byte. It had just 8k of RAM (Picture: Getty Images) Uwe Breker, from the Team Breker auctioneers in Cologne, Germany, said: ‘The Apple-1 really is the symbol for the American dream. ‘Two students had an idea, built and marketed it, and 40 years later it is the highest valued company ever. Instagram went down so everyone started using Twitter again ‘Steve Wozniak designed the Apple-1 computer, the first fully assembled computer kit, in 1976 and Steve Jobs took on the task of selling it. ‘In Jobs’ parents garage the pair built 200 Apple machines and sold 50 to a computer shop called Byte. ‘The shop marketed it with the slogan “Byte into an Apple” which gave Jobs the idea for the iconic logo we know so well today. It had been kept by the original owner since they first bought it in the 70s (Picture: Getty Images) ‘As with all Apple products the Apple-1 wasn’t around long before a better model was launched, but a legend had begun. ‘The rest is history. ‘You couldn’t actually do very much with the Apple-1. You had to load your program each time on a cassette and it only had eight kilobytes of memory – enough for only the most basic of word processing.’ The computer was sold to a buyer in the room for a hammer price of £78,000, which rose to £115,000 with fees included. MoreAppleSteve JobsTechnology SponsoredThe 14 commandments to live by on online dating apps Excessive use of social media is now being used as a reason for divorce Could banning laptops and tablets on UK flights be good for us? SponsoredBespoke is the new black: Why getting everything tailored to you is the way forward Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » The new Tory 'strong and stable' slogan appeared in Hitler's Mein Kampf Man's penis chopped off by woman 'he was trying to rape' Mystery over sudden appearance of scaffolding on couple's home Somebody's in trouble for placing this discount sticker on Madeleine McCann book Bespoke is the new black: Why getting everything tailored to you is the way forward Brought to you byMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Tech › Apple Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
null
Articles l l From Pac-Man to Pianos: The Dumbest Touch Bar Apps We Could Find How to Put Together Your First Smarthome (Without Getting Overwhelmed) What’s New in Android O, Arriving Summer 2017 MP3 Isn’t Dead Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search From Pac-Man to Pianos: The Dumbest Touch Bar Apps We Could Find By Justin Pot on May 20th, 2017 Apple put a touch screen on their keyboard, but they don’t want developers using it as a display. No sir. To quote their Human Interface Guidelines for developers: The Touch Bar shouldn’t display alerts, messages, scrolling content, static content, or anything else that commands the user’s attention or distracts from their work on the main screen. So that’s what the most powerful company on earth wants. But you know what? Here’s to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. Here’s to the people who looked at Apple’s Touch Bar, thought to themselves “I can put something stupid on there,” and then did. Developers always experiment with new platforms, doing things just for the sake of doing them. These experiments can be profoundly stupid, but also important in a way: they show future developers what does and doesn’t work. With this in mind, we searched the web for the dumbest possible uses of the Touch Bar, all of which utterly fail to meet Apple’s standards. You can install these programs yourself, even if you don’t have a Touch Bar, by checking out this software version of the Touch Bar. But only the Touch Bar itself can truly capture the pointlessness of these apps, so we recommend you purchase a $2,000 laptop before reading this article. Done? Okay, let’s get started. Wish Games Were on a Smaller Screen? Good News! Apple told them not to, but multiple developers wanted to use the 2170 by 60 pixel Touch Bar as a display for games. It doesn’t work. Perhaps there’s no example better than Pac-Bar, which turns Pac-Man’s famous maze into a straight line. You can jump from one side of the “maze” to another through an opening…and that’s about all there is to this one. Someone else brought the suicidal characters from Lemmings, a classic 90s puzzle game, to the Touch Bar, and appropriately named the result Touch Bar Lemmings. This may be the best app I've ever built pic.twitter.com/Z9WJi7e74G — Erik Olsson (@valross2) December 11, 2016 Literally all you can do is tap the bar to add a Lemming, and tap them again to make them stop traffic. It’s barely a game but it’s cute. Next up is TouchBarDino, which does something no one asked for: brings the hidden dinosaur game from Chrome to the Touch Bar. We can confirm that this is a game, and that it is playable, and that’s about the extent of our comments. Looking for some new IP? There’s SpaceFight, in which you use the arrow keys to fight oncoming ships. Again, it’s not much of a game, but it does put the extremely wide aspect ratio of the Touch Bar to work. The problem with all of these games is simple: the Touch Bar is not designed to be a display. Looking down at your keyboard while playing is awkward, and the long display doesn’t lend itself to any gameplay at all. This space is designed to control applications, not house them. Which brings us to the one touch bar game we found that kind of works: TouchBar Pong. It’s Pong as you’ve always known it, but the gameplay is on the screen and the Touch Bar is used only to control the paddle. Why? Because. Stupid Decorations for Your Touch Bar Many developers weren’t ambitious enough to put a whole game on the Touch Bar, instead opting to just put…something there. For example, there’s NyanCat. It does exactly what you’d think it does. There’s also KnightTouchBar2000, which is a presumably hilarious reference to a 70s TV show I’m too young to understand. We could go on. There’s TouchBar Santa, which puts Santa on the Touch Bar and plays Christmas music. There’s SL on Touch Bar, which brings a Terminal joke to the Touch Bar for no discernible reason. And there’s Touch Bar Party Parrot, because everyone loves party parrot. I don’t really feel the name to explain why these are useless: they literally do nothing, and the pictures they show disappear as soon as you switch applications. There’s really only one application in this category that’s even potentially useful: Touch Bar Preview. With this app you can temporarily display any image on your Touch Bar, which will come in handy if you’re prototyping something. It’s only useful for developers, sure, but useful enough that it’s worth mentioning. Press Button; Hear Sound The early days of the iPhone brought several applications that made a noise when you pressed a button, and did absolutely nothing else. The most notorious of these apps made fart noises, and it seems history is repeating itself with TouchFart. It does pretty much what you’d expect, and I’ll leave it at that. There’s also Touch Bar Bar, which makes the sounds of drinks opening when you press buttons. Those apps are both pretty clearly dumb, but there was one push-button-hear-sound app we found somewhat compelling: Touch Bar Piano. The Touch Bar’s display doesn’t have near enough vertical space for any serious instrumentation, but it’s fun to occasionally try to peck out a tune. Plus you can change the instrument to a number of MIDI standards. If you had a digital keyboard in the 1990s you’ll feel all kinds of nostalgia. I wouldn’t call this useful, but it’s the least useless app in a very useless category. Give it a shot. The Touch Bar is Not a Display Apple’s design guidelines make for hilarious reading: why are they being so dictatorial? But the more I looked at these apps, the more the Touch Bar directives made sense. The Touch Bar is not a good display, because it’s not designed to be a display. It’s designed to be an input device. Which brings me to StockBar, an app that turns your touch bar into a ticker of current stock prices. You might think this is useful. It isn’t. For one thing, the stocks only show up when StockBar is the currently open application: you can’t leave it running in the background while doing something else. And if you’re not doing anything else, why are you looking at the touch bar instead of your main display? But even if this could run in the background, looking down at your keyboard to see stock prices isn’t a great experience. Any kind of movement on the Touch Bar distracts from the primary display, which makes using the computer worse. So as heavy handed as Apple’s dictates can be, in this case I can’t think different. The Touch Bar is best as a supporting player, and at its worst when it tries to steal the show. But I could be wrong, and it will be fascinating to see what developers come up with. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Justin Pot is a staff writer for How-To Geek, and a technology enthusiast who lives in Hillsboro, Oregon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook, if you want. You don't have to. Published 05/20/17 DID YOU KNOW? Although it was never brought to production, the title of the Spaceballs sequel was slated to be Spaceballs III: The Search for Spaceballs II. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK Does Rooting or Unlocking Void Your Android Phone’s Warranty? 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without a Fax Machine or Phone Line How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs 10 Great New Features for Tablet Users in Windows 8.1 Windows 10’s Settings Are a Mess, and Microsoft Doesn’t Seem to Care 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 How to Easily Transfer Files Between Nearby Smartphones Screenshot Tour: Ubuntu Touch 14.04 on a Nexus 7 Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Apple Is Testing Apple Watch To Track Blood Glucose Level Apple Is Testing Apple Watch To Track Blood Glucose Level Home » Apple » Apple Is Testing Apple Watch To Track Blood Glucose Level Posted By Jane Danes on May 20, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Source: https://www.apple.com Apple’s CEO, Tim Cook, is a well-known leader who’s looking for ways on how his company can boost the users of its devices. Now, he’s seeking to maximize the use of Apple Watch to assist individuals in being healthy. As reported by the CNBC, Tim Cook was seen wearing a device that could track blood sugar. This device was connected to his Apple Watch. Although it didn’t name its source, CNBC stated that Apple’s CEO wore a prototype of a glucose tracker on the Apple Watch. This report was connected to another report last month. It indicated that it hired a team of biomedical engineers to work in an office, which is away from the Apple’s headquarters. This idea came from Steve Jobs. He wanted to find a way to track blood sugar levels without injection. It’s designed for patients who are suffering from diabetes or at risk for it. When Tim Cook was at the University of Glasgow, he said that: “I’ve been wearing a continuous glucose monitor for a few weeks. I just took it off before coming on this trip.” “It’s mentally anguishing to stick yourself many times a day to check your blood sugar. There is lots of hope out there that if someone has constant knowledge of what they’re eating, they can instantly know what causes the response… and that they can adjust well before they become diabetic.” He also added that he could understand how the food that he’s been eating affected his blood sugar level. Thus, he made some modifications to maintain a normal blood sugar level. Be Healthier A non-invasive glucose tracker hasn’t existed yet. Currently, the trackers require piercing the skin to get a tiny sample of blood and check the patient’s blood sugar. If a non-invasive glucose tracker materialized, it would be the holy grail in medical tech and sciences. Without piercing the skin, the process of monitoring blood sugar will be a lot easier. It would also be widely available to patients who are living with this medical condition or are at high risk of having it. For the last five years, Apple has been investing in this kind of tool. It’s also acquired companies in medical technology and sciences to fulfill its goal. These companies have already been added to Apple’s health department team. With this technology, the former CEO, Steve Jobs, hoped that this kind of technology would not only monitor blood sugar, but it would also track heart rate, oxygen levels, and other vital signs. Although the heart rate is already available in Apple Watch, the glucose tracker could be a great feature to the Apple Watch. If Apple became the first one to produce this technology, it would bring Apple huge financial rewards. The health trend in Silicon Valley is low-carb and high-fat diet. Executives are looking for ways on how to cut down their sugar consumption. If they could do that, they would surely see dramatic results, like weight loss. It might also help them increase their productivity. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Jane Danes Jane has a lifelong passion for writing. As a blogger, she loves writing breaking technology news and top headlines about gadgets, content marketing and online entrepreneurship and all things about social media. She also has a slight addiction to pizza and coffee. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Launches Order Food Feature May 21, 2017 Amazon May Join The Pharmaceutical Industry May 20, 2017 Twitter Updates Its Privacy Policy – What’s Changing? May 18, 2017 Facebook slammed with heavy fine for misleading the EU Commission over WhatsApp May 18, 2017 Instagram Adds Face Filters – Another Snapchat Feature May 16, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio How-To Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction PTI comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Berlin, May 20:   A rare working Apple-1, the first computer produced by Steve Jobs’ world-beater-to-be company four decades ago, sold for less than expected at auction in Germany today. One of only eight working models in the world, the machine fetched €110,000 ($ 125,000), well below the expected €180,000—300,000 —— suggesting that a spike in prices after Jobs’ 2011 death is definitely over. “From our point of view we are back at normal levels. Five years after the death of (Apple co-founder) Steve Jobs the ‘hype’ has settled back,” Uwe Breker, who oversaw the auction in Cologne, told AFP. Breker’s auction house, which specialises in the sale of technical antiques, had also been involved in a 2013 sale of another Apple-I —— which fetched €516,000. The model auctioned off Saturday and whose original owner was a Californian engineer, still had its receipt, its operating manual and other documents. “(The Apple 1) was one of the first opportunities for someone to possess a real computer. I’d been working with computers for a while but they were huge,” original owner John J. Dryden, who bought the Apple in 1976, said Friday. He admitted that parting with the machine was a wrench but said the time had come as he had not used it in a long time. The computer was one of around 200 Apple 1 units marketed by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, who developed and built it. Today’s buyer was a German engineer who collects old computers. (This article was published on May 20, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS advertising and marketing | branding and design | lifestyle and leisure | computers | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO ACT Fibernet CEO Bala Malladi on ACT's initiatives more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED IT workers’ union against Cognizant layoffs shift to Bengaluru Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction How RJio has India hooked to the Net RCom-Aircel merger clears one more hurdle Nasscom steps up US lobbying on immigration, visa issues Layoffs in Indian IT sector may continue for 1-2 years: Experts Zomato says 17 mn user records stolen Nightmare on IT St: thousands to be sacked Telecom industry wants govt to reconsider GST rate Foxconn will have to export 51% of production at JNPT’s SEZ LATEST NEWS Govt initiates work on shifting financial year to Jan-Dec 6 min. ago Six of top-10 firms add Rs 61,386 cr in m-cap 39 min. ago GST to cut inflation by 2%, create buoyancy in economy: Adhia 49 min. ago Nasscom steps up US lobbying on immigration, visa issues 1 hr. 23 min. ago FPIs stay bullish on India, pump in $2 billion in May 1 hr. 35 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech GST regime: Telecom services set to cost more The domestic telecom sector, which had always hailed GST as an “iconic reform”, is not overly enthused by the 18 per cent rate and fear... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] iOS 11 Release: 5 Things You Can Count On Adam Mills05/12/2017 We’ve been taking a close look at Apple’s incoming iOS 10.3.2 update but today we want to switch gears and help set your expectations for the upcoming iOS 11 release for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. The next iOS release won’t be iOS 11. Instead, it’ll be a new version of iOS 10.3 dubbed iOS 10.3.2. iOS 10.3.2 will likely be a small maintenance update with bug fixes and security patches. An iOS 10.3.2 release date isn’t confirmed but we expect it to arrive before WWDC 2017 and the unveiling of Apple’s next major operating system change. Apple isn’t talking about the iOS 11 update just yet but that should change in a few short weeks when it takes the stage on June 5th to address developers and consumers around the world. As we push deeper into the year we’re starting to get more iOS 11 questions from friends, family and readers. They want to know when iOS 11 is coming out and they also want to know what they can expect from iOS 11 in terms of features. While some of these questions are difficult to answer in April, there are a few basics we can provide you with. Here are a few things you can count on when it comes to Apple and the iOS 11 release for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Exclusive iOS 11 Features Count on some exclusive iOS 11 features for the new iPhone and for newer versions of the iPhone, iPad, and iPod. iPhone 7 Plus Portrait Mode. You can count on an exclusive feature or two for the iPhone 7s/iPhone 8. The iPhone 7 Plus features a Portrait mode, also known as Bokeh mode, that isn’t available on any other iOS devices. The iPhone 7 also features an updated Taptic Engine that provides feedback when you interact with certain parts of iOS 10. When the Notification Center drops, you’ll feel a thud. The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 Plus version of iOS arrived with the ability to shoot Live Photos. Live Photos move when pressed thanks to 3D Touch. Most of the time, these features are exclusive because a device doesn’t possess the necessary hardware. For instance, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 5s don’t feature 3D Touch. Here are a few other examples: The iPhone 5 iOS 10 update also failed to bring burst photo mode, slow-motion video mode, and voicemail transcription. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus iOS 10 updates didn’t come with the Raise to Wake featured on the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s and iPhone 7. Nothing is confirmed but we’re already hearing about some of the iOS 11 features that could help Apple sell the iPhone 7s/iPhone 8. The company is reportedly planning substantial upgrades to Siri, iOS’ personal assistant. There’s also chatter about improved Haptic feedback. The specifics don’t matter at this point. What it boils down to is this. If you own or are planning to buy a newer version of the iPhone, iPad or iPod touch, your iOS 11 update will be more robust than your friend with an older piece of hardware. Look for the first iOS 11 features to be confirmed on June 5th during the company’s WWDC 2017 keynote. iOS 11 Beta You can count on an iOS 11 beta release ahead of the official iOS 11 release date. The WWDC 2017 developer conference is slated to kickoff on June 5th in San Jose, California. Apple’s confirmed a keynote address for 10AM Pacific and it’s during that keynote where we’ll likely see Apple confirm the early version of iOS 11. If you’re looking to try iOS 11 early, you’ll want to circle June 5th on the calendar. We expect iOS 11 beta to be released, for developers, shortly after the keynote. Apple will almost certainly release two versions of the iOS 11 beta: One for developers and one for the free Beta Software Program. Best case scenario is Apple releases both on the same day. Worst case scenario is Apple waits a few weeks before releasing the free version of the iOS 11 beta. Developers must pay an annual $99 fee to become a developer and gain access to the beta. Missing Devices You can count on some devices being left behind on iOS 10. Last year, it was iPhone 4s, iPad 2, iPad 3, iPad mini, and iPod touch 5th-gen users who were left behind on iOS 9.3.5. This year, we expect at three two devices to be held back on iOS 10. Nothing is confirmed but we’re confident Apple will keep the iPhone 5, the iPhone 5c and the iPad 4 on iOS 10. We also wouldn’t be surprised if the (recently discontinued) iPad mini 2 made the list as well. We could see a few others join the list but if you own an iPhone 5, iPhone 5c or an iPad 4, start preparing for life on iOS 10. We’ll probably find out for sure in early June when Apple releases the first version of the iOS 11 beta. iOS 11 Release Date You can count on an official iOS 11 release in the fall alongside the company’s new iPhone. Thus far, iPhone 7s/iPhone 8 release date rumors point to another release in and around the month of September. This has been standard practice for several years now and there’s no reason to believe Apple will stray from protocol. Apple iPhone/iOS release protocol calls for a fall media event where the company confirms the new iPhone and an iOS release date. Typically, the company releases new iOS software for older devices a few days ahead of the new iPhone release date. Look for the iOS 11 beta to stretch over several months with a final iOS 11 release date in September or October at the latest. New Emojis & 64-Bit There are loads of iOS 11 rumors out there but one thing we expect the release to deliver are new emojis for the iOS keyboard.   Shocked Face with Exploding Head is a candidate for Unicode 10. Unicode 10 is scheduled to be released in mid-2017 which means iOS 11 could be the update that brings us Face With Hand Over Mouth, Merperson, Curling Stone, T-Rex, Orange Heart, and Person in Steamy Room, and many more. You can get a feel for what the new emoji characters will look like on the iOS keyboard in the walkthrough video below. If we use the iOS 10 and Unicode 9.0 release as a guide, look for an iOS 11.x update to bring these emojis to your iPhone and iPad. iOS 10.2 delivered Unicode 9.0 emojis to iPhone and iPad in December. You can also count on one major shift. Apple will reportedly drop 32-bit support with the iOS 11 release later this year. This isn’t confirmed but all signs point to the change occurring with the release of Apple’s next major operating system. Devs: I'm hearing very clearly iOS 11 won't have 32bit app support at all. Update legacy apps now if you want them to survive past September — Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) April 8, 2017 The first real warning signs appeared in the iOS 10.3 beta when a popup started notifying developers their apps needed to be updated. Here is what the popup in iOS 10.3 beta 1 relayed to iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad users: This app will not work with future versions of iOS. The developer of this app needs to update it to improve its compatibility. If this change pans out, it means that legacy applications will no longer function, at all. Given that this will be a huge change for developers, we expect Apple to detail the change on stage during its annual developer event in June. iOS 11 Beta: 7 Things to Expect & 5 Things Not To Expect an iOS 11 Beta Release Date in June   1 / 12 If Apple decides to release an iOS 11 beta, and we're very confident it will, you can expect the company to confirm the release during its WWDC 2017 keynote on June 5th.  On June 5th, we expect Tim Cook and other Apple executives to address developers in attendance and the thousands of Apple enthusiasts and consumers watching the keynote in countries around the world.  Apple isn't talking about the announcements it will make at the keynote but there's a very good chance it will use the stage time to talk about iOS 11, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. We also expect it to briefly talk about beta updates for the new operating systems.  If Apple sticks to the protocol its used for several years now, you can expect an iOS 11 beta release shortly after the conclusion of the WWDC 2017 keynote on June 5th.    1 / 12 2 Responses 05/15/2017 Nikita Shah Reply The automatic face time call would be stupid. 05/20/2017 Lin Reply All of this makes me wonder…I am new to the Iphone. The Iphone costs a bundle to buy, and now, I am supposed to spend a lot of time updating, correcting Apple bugs, perhaps not having support for the device, reading all of this stuff that, since I am not a computer geek, I do not understand or care to keep in my memory, and it is all up to me to do that, and Apple can, or not, issue “fixes” for its’ messes? What part of this great technology am I missing? Must be something, or everyone else just loves to get into the weeds with this. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, May 21, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Killing C.I.A. Informants, China Crippled U.S. Spying By MARK MAZZETTI, ADAM GOLDMAN, MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT and MATT APUZZO China killed or jailed at least 18 C.I.A. informants between 2010 and 2012, former American officials said. The effort was described as one of the worst intelligence breaches in decades, and the debate over how it happened remains unresolved. How Rollbacks at Pruitt’s E.P.A. Are a Boon to Oil and Gas By HIROKO TABUCHI and ERIC LIPTON Regulatory rollbacks under Scott Pruitt are crowning an early champion with Devon Energy, which is now backing away from settling Obama-era air pollution claims.  Comments Iran’s President Is Re-elected in Victory for Moderates By THOMAS ERDBRINK Hassan Rouhani’s resounding win should afford him the opportunity to strengthen reformist factions as the country prepares for the end of the rule of the supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. My Strange Trip Through Iran’s Heartland ‘This Doesn’t Sound Legal’: Inside Nike’s Oregon Project By MATT HART A report by antidoping officials says the coach, Alberto Salazar, violated drug protocols with Dathan Ritzenhein, Mo Farah and other elite runners.  Comments Girls Kidnapped by Boko Haram Reunite With Their Families By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Anxious parents of the 82 Chibok girls looked for signs of how deeply their daughters might have changed in the hands of the extremists. The Daily 360 3:20 The 2017 Pritzker-Winning Architecture Daniel Rodrigues for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. The 45th President King Salman and President Trump, flanking the flag bearer, took part in a traditional sword dance on Saturday in Saudi Arabia. Credit Stephen Crowley/The New York Times Trump Gets Warm Welcome in Saudi Arabia By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and PETER BAKER Saudi leaders, who had grown disenchanted with President Barack Obama, appeared to embrace a U.S. leader intent on supporting Sunni Muslim countries. Saudi Arabia to Invest $20 Billion in Infrastructure, Mostly in U.S. With Harleys and Hamburgers, Saudis Salute U.S. To Trump, Human Rights Are Often a Barrier to Trade By PETER BAKER and MICHAEL D. SHEAR 10:59 PM ET This visit to Saudi Arabia underscored the administration’s view that such concerns too often impede the flow of commerce. The President’s Schedule for His First Foreign Trip A look at the cities Mr. Trump will visit, and what events are planned during his trip. 5 Rome 6 Vatican 2 Tel Aviv 3 Jerusalem 4 Bethlehem 1 Riyadh Taormina 8 Sigonella 9 White House Memo Discovering the Danger of Governing at Daredevil Speed By GLENN THRUSH Members of Mr. Trump’s team are hoping to slow down the tempo set by the president and Stephen K. Bannon. Related Political Coverage Firing Comey Eased Pressure, Trump Told Russia House Inquiry Turns Eye on Campaign Worker With Russia Ties Smarter Living What to Cook, Watch, Listen To and More This Weekend By TIM HERRERA and MICHELLE L. DOZOIS Tips to make the most of your weekend. Take a Number So How Much Urine Is Really in Public Pools? By STEPH YIN Chemists calculated how much urine is in swimming pools by measuring the presence of a proxy: an artificial sweetener that passes straight through the body. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times On ‘S.N.L.,’ Alec Baldwin Sings a Swan Song for Trump By DAVE ITZKOFF 2:45 AM ET “Saturday Night Live” paid homage to itself by having Mr. Baldwin sing Leonard Cohen’s “Hallelujah.” The host, Dwayne Johnson, considered a presidential run with Tom Hanks. The Most Memorable Moments This Season Pain of Deportation Swells With Children Left Behind By ELISABETH MALKIN 12:54 AM ET Migrants who return to Mexico must remake their lives, but for some, the struggle intensifies as they work to reunite with their children. A Soundtrack for China’s Gender-Bending Youth By AMY QIN Meet the young women from China providing the soundtrack (and the dance moves) for the country’s androgynous urban trendsetters who reject traditional gender norms. How ‘Twin Peaks’ Got Lost, and Found Its Way Back By FINN COHEN Tonight a new chapter of “Twin Peaks” will begin on Showtime, with David Lynch in the director’s seat and much of the original cast. A Refresher Course for Veterans and Newcomers Alike Lions of New York Larry Kramer and the Birth of AIDS Activism By JOHN LELAND Mr. Kramer — writer, advocate, “loudmouth” — helped define AIDS activism and gay life. He ruffled some feathers along the way. More News 2 Sisters, ‘Always Close,’ Parted by Times Square Crash Texas House Votes to Ban Commonly Used Abortion Procedure Conservative Force Behind Speeches Is Roiling Colleges ‘The Internet Is Broken’: @ev Is Trying to Salvage It Miles of Ice Collapsing Into the Sea Some scientists fear that West Antarctica’s immense ice sheet may have entered the early stages of an unstoppable disintegration. ‘Vulnerable Voices’ Lash Out as Companies Sway Climate Talks Developing nations and environmental groups condemned the presence of corporate lobbyists at a climate change talk session in Germany, but the United States defended it. Duterte Orders Strict Smoking Ban in Philippines, and Asks Citizens to Help The executive order, made public on Thursday, banned public smoking and said citizens should band together to help catch and charge violators. Norm Macdonald’s Rare Gift for Words and Laughs A new Netflix special shows what other comedians, like David Letterman, have known all along: Mr. Macdonald has an exceptional way with language. They Could Buy, but Why? Meet High-Renters For some New Yorkers with the wherewithal, renting is preferable to buying — even when their monthly payments are in the mid-five figures. ‘Madama Butterfly’ Revision Aims to Save It In a radically revised and trimmed version of Puccini’s classic, Heartbeat Opera tries to address the Asian stereotypes the work helped perpetuate. Sunday Review 4-Year-Olds Don’t Act Like Donald Trump By ALISON GOPNIK Comparing our president to a child is inaccurate and unfair to children.  Comments If Every Day Is a Rainy Day, What Am I Saving For? By SAMANTHA IRBY I grew up without money. My financial plan includes all the lipstick I want. Exposures: Nine Students, Four Years Later Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Bruni: A Prayer for Trump Douthat: Trump, Establishment Sellout Kristof: The President vs. Women’s Health We Aren’t Built to Live in the Moment Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions Freezing Temperatures, Glacial Winds, Volcanic Dust: All in a Day’s Work for Times Team in Antarctica Copy Edit This! Quiz No. 6 Times Insider » Freezing Temperatures, Glacial Winds, Volcanic Dust: All in a Day’s Work for Times Team in Antarctica The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Real Estate The Starter Tool Kit Opinion Was Vietnam Winnable? Most historians say no — but not all agree. We should hear them out. Live How Much Weight Loss Prevents Diabetes? Music The Ghostly Sounds of Maryanne Amacher Opinion What Happens When Your Car Gets Hacked? Book Review American Revolution: A History of Violence Times Insider Copy Edit This! Quiz No. 6 Opinion Why Texas Democrats Are Betting on Beto O’Rourke After his bruising presidential run, Senator Ted Cruz looks vulnerable. Meet his likely Democratic challenger. Business Day Snap, Share, and Market These Businesses Food How to Roast Cauliflower (the Whole Thing) Opinion Was Vietnam Winnable? Times Insider Freezing Temperatures, Glacial Winds for Times Team in Antarctica Sections World » Saudis Welcome Trump’s Rebuff of Obama’s Mideast Views Rouhani Wins Re-election in Iran by a Wide Margin Killing C.I.A. Informants, China Crippled U.S. Spying Operations Business Day » In Tumult of Trump, Jon Corzine Seeks a Wall Street Comeback Trump Rules: How Rollbacks at Scott Pruitt’s E.P.A. Are a Boon to Oil and Gas Saudi Arabia to Invest $20 Billion in Infrastructure, Mostly in U.S. Opinion » Opinion: 4-Year-Olds Don’t Act Like Trump Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Frank Bruni: A Prayer for Donald Trump U.S. » Mayor’s Fall in Seattle Shakes the Gay Community He Rose From Grand Jury Won’t Indict Officer in Killing of Boy, 13, Who Held BB Gun N.A.A.C.P., Energized by Liberal Activists, Dismisses Its President Technology » ‘The Internet Is Broken’: @ev Is Trying to Salvage It Victims Call Hackers’ Bluff as Ransomware Deadline Nears Uber Threatens to Fire Star Engineer in Legal Battle Over Driverless Cars Arts » ‘Saturday Night Live’: The Most Memorable Moments This Season How ‘Twin Peaks’ Got Lost, and Found Its Way Back An Appraisal: Chris Cornell: A Spectacular Voice of Grunge, With a Glint of Tragedy Politics » House Inquiry Turns Attention to Trump Campaign Worker With Russia Ties Story of a Rogue Agent Clouds Efforts to Ease Border Patrol Expansion Trump, Shouting ‘Death Spiral,’ Has Nudged Affordable Care Act Downward Fashion & Style » Postscript: That Voice, Those Parties: Remembering Jean Stein The Look: Characters in an Untitled Film Series At Home With: 50 Years of Marriage and Mindfulness With Nena and Robert Thurman Movies » Critic's Notebook: Cannes Rolls Out the Red Carpet (Now With Metal Detectors) Review: ‘Alien: Covenant’ Stays on Brand With Its Terror How the ‘Love Actually’ Reunion Came About New York » Big City: Stepped-Up Raids, but Gang Violence Persists For Family of Times Square Crash Victim, ‘Nothing Is Safe Anymore’ Neighborhood Joint: Bartunek Hardware in Queens: Where Handymen Step Back in Time Sports » Cloud Computing Takes the Preakness, Ending Always Dreaming’s Crown Hopes N.B.A. Player Enes Kanter Released After Being Held in Romania Rays 9, Yankees 5: Despite Adjustments, the Yankees’ Masahiro Tanaka Is Battered by the Rays Theater » Jules Feiffer and a ‘Hamilton’ Producer Color Outside the Lines for a New Musical Eugene O’Neill, Brought to Life in Bright Colors A Word With: Brendon Urie Steps Away From the Disco and Into ‘Kinky Boots’ Science » Trilobites: Ladybugs Pack Wings and Engineering Secrets in Tidy Origami Packages Racing to Find Answers in the Ice Trilobites: Genetic Tidying Up Made Humped Bladderworts Into Carnivorous Plants Obituaries » Stanley Greene, Teller of Uncomfortable Truths, Dies at 68 William Brohn, Who Made Broadway Orchestras Sing, Dies at 84 Roger Ailes, Who Built Fox News Into an Empire, Dies at 77 Television » Welcome Back to Twin Peaks: An Illustrated Glossary ‘Saturday Night Live’: The Most Memorable Moments This Season Here Is Your Fall 2017 TV Schedule Health » The New Old Age: Planning to Age in Place? Find a Contractor Now Babies From Skin Cells? Prospect Is Unsettling to Some Experts F.D.A. Warns of Faulty Lead Testing in Children and Mothers Travel » On the Water: 10 Favorite Places on European Rivers, Lakes and Coastlines 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Biarritz Choice Tables: An Adriatic Feast on the Italian Coast Books » Nonfiction: The Civil Rights Stories We Need to Remember Nonfiction: For Better, for Worse: Three Memoirs Report From Marriage Country By the Book: Jeffrey Tambor: By the Book Education » Education Disrupted: How Google Took Over the Classroom Free Tuition? Tennessee Could Tutor New York 500 Students in a One-Room School: Fallout of New Jersey’s Funding Woes Food » A Good Appetite: A Galette That Lets Early Strawberries Shine The Pour: The Ideal Aperitif: Good Vermouth, Cool and Fragrant City Kitchen: Beloved Burrata Finds a Springtime Match Sunday Review » News Analysis: Will the Presidency Survive This President? Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Frank Bruni: A Prayer for Donald Trump Real Estate » Return of the S.R.O., With a Twist They Could Buy, but Why? Meet the High-Renters The High End: A Rental Building With a Hip Hotel Bar Vibe The Upshot » Grading the Teachers: The Little-Known Statistician Who Taught Us to Measure Teachers Economic View: How Tales of ‘Flippers’ Led to a Housing Bubble The Cost of College: How Colleges Know What You Can Afford (and the Limits of That Tactic) Magazine » The Health Issue: What Animals Taught Me About Being Human The Health Issue: The Mystery of the Wasting House-Cats The Health Issue: A Pet Tortoise Who Will Outlive Us All Automobiles » Fiat Chrysler to Modify 100,000 Vehicles After Accusations of Emissions Cheating Driven: Video Review: A Quieter and More Refined Mazda CX-5 Wheels: First Came the Hydrogen Cars. Now, the Refilling Stations. T Magazine » In New Yorkers’ Vacation Homes, Less Is More Running Free in Germany’s Outdoor Preschools Food Photography, Over the Years Times Insider » Looking Back: If You Have an Hour or Two to Spare, I’ve Got a Story 'Collect Evidence and Cover Your Backside’ What We’re Reading Real Estate » Ask Real Estate When a Roommate Won’t Pay Up By RONDA KAYSEN What’s the best way to raise a roommate’s rent — or get her to move out?  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Technology News Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction Shares1 Sat, 20 May 2017-06:58pm , PTI A rare working Apple-1, the first computer produced by Steve Jobs' world-beater-to-be company four decades ago, sold for less than expected at auction in Germany today. One of only eight working models in the world, the machine fetched 110,000 euros (USD 125,000), well below the expected 180,000-300,000 euros -- suggesting that a spike in prices after Jobs' 2011 death is definitely over. "From our point of view we are back at normal levels. Five years after the death of (Apple co-founder) Steve Jobs the 'hype' has settled back," Uwe Breker, who oversaw the auction in Cologne, told AFP. Breker's auction house, which specialises in the sale of technical antiques, had also been involved in a 2013 sale of another Apple-I -- which fetched 516,000 euros. The model auctioned off Saturday and whose original owner was a Californian engineer, still had its receipt, its operating manual and other documents. "(The Apple 1) was one of the first opportunities for someone to possess a real computer. I'd been working with computers for a while but they were huge," original owner John J. Dryden, who bought the Apple in 1976, said Friday. He admitted that parting with the machine was a wrench but said the time had come as he had not used it in a long time. The computer was one of around 200 Apple 1 units marketed by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, who developed and built it. Today's buyer was a German engineer who collects old computers. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Technology WannaCry attack is good business for cyber security firms Science Antarctica 'greening' due to climate change: Study Technology Microsoft Cloud services to empower non-profit organizations in India Technology WATCH: Scientists create world's thinnest hologram, pave path to a new 3D world Social Media Hacker wanted us to acknowledge security vulnerabilities in our system: Zomato Mobile Xiaomi to launch Mi Max 2 on May 25 Live Cricket Score Ireland vs New Zealand Sun, 21 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Related WWDC 2017: Is Apple going to ditch the iPad mini? Apple selling 'Made in India' iPhones on trial basis Flipkart Big 10 Sale promises ‘lowest price ever’ on iPhone 7 Video WATCH: Andy Cohen makes Priyanka Chopra pick who's bigger between The Rock and Zac Efron WATCH: BJP slams UPA for hiring Pak-origin lawyer to defend India in 2004 EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA View all Tags Apple Steve Jobs Cologne Germany Steve Wozniak Uwe Breker SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Restrictions imposed in parts of Srinagar ahead of 675 govt houses illegally occupied even after employees' death Teen spits on Muslim classmate; tries to yank off her hijab Widows of Manipur's extra-judicial killings are foot soldiers Saharanpur: 4 arrested for damaging Ambedkar statue Sport Rugby-Australia woes fan frustration in neighbouring New Zealand Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, May 21 Athletics-World Challenge Meeting Kingston men/women results Tendulkar holds special screening of his film for armed forces Rome Masters: Novak Djokovic hammers Dominic Thiem to set up Alexander Zverev final Entertainment Sushant not bothered by stories about his personal life Basu to go ahead Kishore biopic even if Ranbir is unavailable Cannes 2017: Sonam Kapoor brings 'alt-desi' chic to French Riviera My mother is not my competition: Konkona Sensharma Jennifer Garner used to babysit Stephen Colbert's daughter Money Mauritius, Singapore investors continue to see rise in assets Roca to enter premium tiles biz, eyes Rs 100 cr revenue Steel sector SMEs hope lower GST on coal will boost margins Natco Pharma gets green nod for Rs 480 cr expansion project Govt initiates work on shifting financial year to Jan-Dec Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, May 21, 2017 2:49 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction Saturday May 20, 2017 08:52 PM GMT+8 ICYMI North Korea’s Unit 180, the cyber warfare cell that worries the West Dr M attends PKR’s National Congress for the first time Nail-biting season finale as teams fight for Champions League spot The Edit: Penang’s oldest ice kacang stall Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The model auctioned off today and whose original owner was a Californian engineer, still had its receipt, its operating manual and other documents. — AFP picBERLIN, May 20 — A rare working Apple-1, the first computer produced by Steve Jobs’ world-beater-to-be company four decades ago, sold for less than expected at auction in Germany today. One of only eight working models in the world, the machine fetched €110,000 (RM532,888), well below the expected €180,000-300,000 — suggesting that a spike in prices after Jobs’ 2011 death is definitely over. “From our point of view we are back at normal levels. Five years after the death of (Apple co-founder) Steve Jobs the ‘hype’ has settled back,” Uwe Breker, who oversaw the auction in Cologne, told AFP. Breker’s auction house, which specialises in the sale of technical antiques, had also been involved in a 2013 sale of another Apple-I — which fetched €516,000. The model auctioned off today and whose original owner was a Californian engineer, still had its receipt, its operating manual and other documents. “(The Apple 1) was one of the first opportunities for someone to possess a real computer. I’d been working with computers for a while but they were huge,” original owner John J. Dryden, who bought the Apple in 1976, said yesterday. He admitted that parting with the machine was a wrench but said the time had come as he had not used it in a long time. The computer was one of around 200 Apple 1 units marketed by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak, who developed and built it. Saturday’s buyer was a German engineer who collects old computers. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week ‘Father of the Internet’ Vint Cerf says we should reach for the stars Watch out in a world of connected objects, cyber specialists warn Ready, Set, Go! Rematch of man vs machine in ancient game Upcoming video games: ‘Rime,’ ‘Get Even,’ ‘Disgaea 5,’ ‘Vanquish’ Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction WannaCry: Simple steps to stay safe from ransomware Phones go retro, the Nokia 3310 and BlackBerry KEYone (VIDEO) Anonymous whiz kid foils WannaCry cyberattack Cyber kid stuns experts showing toys can be ‘weapons’ Ransomware, the weapon wielded in cyber attacks Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Reuters Video: Newlyweds Pippa and James Matthews leave the church with their guests Bloomberg Video: Saudis confident in extension of oil cuts for nine months Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Is Apple going to ditch the iPad mini? Apple Inc tops US$800b market cap for first time ever Here’s what Wall Street is saying about Apple’s earnings Gadgets with Gurman: Should you buy Apple’s latest iPad? (VIDEO) Apple readies iPhone overhaul for smartphone’s 10th anniversary Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1468 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple These are the best Google Assistant features that Siri can’t match Chris Mills BGR News May 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Earlier this week, Google finally put the Google Assistant onto iPhones. For the first time, Apple fanboys can use Google’s AI to perform a bunch of tricks, but much more importantly, it means we can finally have a Google Assistant vs Siri showdown. This isn’t a fair fight on several counts: Google’s been doing AI for much longer and has more data to mine; but Siri’s also the built-in AI, which gives her access to far more of the iPhone’s functions. But despite blatant Apple favoritism for Siri, Google Assistant can still pull a bunch of tricks that Siri can only dream of. Don't Miss: Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life Written conversations The first feature you’re likely to notice is that you can type questions to Google Assistant. If, like me, you’d never be seen dead talking to your phone in public, this is a genuinely game-changing feature. It lets you use all the smarts of Google without needing to say actual words in public and have everyone around you judging your movie choice. Written queries get treated exactly the same as spoken things: you can write in natural speech, so things like “set an alarm for 7” or “what’s the weather like today” keeps working just fine. Contextual answers Another of Google’s neat features is that it remembers what you’re talking about. For example, you can ask “Who directed Batman Begins,” and then immediately follow up with “show me pictures of him,” and it’ll bring up images of Christopher Nolan. It goes a long way towards making the Google Assistant feel like a real person, not some kind of information-fetching bot or an enhanced version of Google. Google will even suggest a lot of these follow-up features to you. Once I’d asked about Christopher Nolan, it provided a bunch of prompts like “Images” and “Movies,” which you can tap to get more info. It feels a lot like the information cards that Google serves up when you do an internet search, but easier to access. Flight status You can ask Google “What’s the status of Delta flight 361 to Atlanta,” and it’ll give you info directly within the app without kicking you out to a web page. Siri’s not even close — as with many things, if you ask it for a flight status, it’ll do a web search and give you the top pages. Even when Google can’t give you precise flight status, it still gives useful info. For example, I tried asking “What’s the status of the Delta flight from Charlotte to Wilmington,” it sent me to a web page for Wilmington airport, with Airline:Delta and Origin:Charlotte already filled in. Bots Google has opened up the Assistant’s natural-language-processing to a bunch of third-party companies. One of the better ones is Genius, the music recognition and recommendation database. Ask the Assistant “I’d like to talk to Genius,” and you get a new conversation specifically with the Genius bot. From there, you can type in a couple of lyrics, and it’ll tell you what song you’re listening to and information about it. In many ways, I actually prefer it to Shazam or other services that listen to a sound clip. Quite often, I’m in a bar where a music recognition service won’t work, but I can make out snippets of lyrics. Typing that straight into the Assistant is a little easier than doing a Google search, and gives better results. Read More Shopping list This is a little unfair, because both Google Assistant and Siri do have a shopping list feature. But Google’s is much faster and slicker to use, and syncs to a dedicated Shopping List that’s tied to your Google account, and you can easily manage from multiple devices. Way more importantly, though, Google Assistant doesn’t just keep the shopping list as another list. When you browse to the list in the Home app (or just ask Google Assistant “shopping list,”) you get the option to shop your list using Google Express. You can view the list, browse item options, and then checkout all without leaving the app, or really feeling like you’re doing anything. Where Siri still wins There’s one big caveat to all this, though: Google Assistant requires you to open up an app before you can use it. Siri can be activated by your voice or by pressing the home button, which takes seconds off the process every time you use it. Sure, Google’s voice recognition is much better, and it syncs with all your Google accounts, but that doesn’t really matter if you don’t use it. While Siri remains the only option for the native voice assistant on the iPhone — and I don’t see Apple changing that any time soon  — the Assistant is still going to be second-best. Trending right now: You won’t have to wait until November to buy Apple’s next-gen iPhone 8 Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life Russian spaceflight director thinks Elon Musk is out of his mind See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Android O: Google tries to fix Android's biggest weakness Yahoo Tech Scientists hunt down super rare T. Rex ant and are shocked at what they find BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Why leaked NSA hacking tools are not like stolen Tomahawk missiles Yahoo Tech ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Tech Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech The simple reason so many companies were hit by the WannaCry 2.0 ransomware Yahoo Tech How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Tech Google Home's mastermind has no intention of losing to Amazon Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Tech How Gogo will transform your Wi-Fi experience in the sky Yahoo Tech Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech NASA just discovered a bizarre ‘bubble’ around Earth, and humans accidentally created it BGR News Why Hulu with Live TV and other streaming TV services are worth the money Yahoo Tech Why investors are paying huge premiums for enormous tech companies Yahoo Tech These are the tech industry's 2 biggest concerns about Trump Yahoo Tech Android O’s most exciting new feature is a total game-changer BGR News Microsoft Surface Laptop hands-on: Taking on Apple Yahoo Tech
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Sunday, 21 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Sunday, 21 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   Apple says Beats headphones exploded due to third-party battery Share Tweet Apple says Beats headphones exploded due to third-party battery Compan­y has refuse­d to compen­sate the woman who suffer­ed injuri­es after her Beats headph­ones caught fire mid flight­ By Tech Desk Published: May 20, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email The woman claimed she had bought the headphones duty-free in 2014 and the AAA batteries in Australia.PHOTO: AFP Apple has refused to compensate the woman who suffered burns to her face and hands after her Beats headphones caught fire during a flight to Australia saying third-party batteries were at fault. “Our investigation indicated the issue was caused by a third-party battery,” said an Apple representative in a statement issued by the woman’s lawyers, Australian news website Adelaide Now reported. Wireless headphones explode on flight to Australia The woman, who wishes not to be identified, was listening to music on her own battery-operated Beats headphones as she dozed off on the flight from Beijing to Melbourne on February 19. “As I went to turn around I felt burning on my face,” she told the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) which investigated the incident. “I just grabbed my face which caused the headphones to go around my neck. I continued to feel burning so I grabbed them off and threw them on the floor. Flight attendants rushed to help and poured a bucket of water on the headphones, but the battery and its cover were both melted and stuck to the floor. Pictures showed the woman with a blackened face and neck and blisters on her hands, with passengers having to endure the smell of melted plastic, burnt electronics and burnt hair for the remainder of the flight. The woman claimed she had bought the headphones duty-free in 2014 and the AAA batteries in Australia. Though she suffered burn injuries on her face and hands, she was only seeking reimbursement to replace her headphones and items of clothing that were damaged during the incident. Disappointed with the Apple’s decision, the woman in a statement said, “The headphones don’t work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones – or their packaging – did it specify which brand of batteries should be used.” Read more: Apple , Beats Headphones , Tech Read full story Recommended Stories Bose headphones spy on listeners: lawsuit The wireless headphone brand is accused of using app to keep track of music, podcasts and other audio of its users Wireless headphones explode on flight to Australia The woman suffered burns to her face and hands after her headphones caught fire during the flight Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Zakir Naik granted Saudi citizenship by King Salman: reports 2 This Pakistani actor has been forced to become a labourer due to lack of work 3 Attack on Malala was staged, claims PTI MNA 4 Indian woman cuts off religious guru's penis over rape attempt 5 ‘How come sexual predators are working in PIA and nobody goes after them?’ 6 Melania Trump foregoes headscarf on Saudi Arabia trip 7 World's second-largest torrent site ExtraTorrent shuts down 8 Huma Abedin files for divorce as estranged husband pleads guilty to sexting 9 24-year-old found dead under mysterious circumstances after night out with friends in Karachi 10 Pakistan backed to spring surprises in Champions Trophy Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) More in TechnologyThis smart bangle is giving women pregnancy tips in India, Bangladesh © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Sunday, May 21, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Headline Comparing Apples to Apples: Banning Smartphones Increases the Digital Divide Headline Comparing Apples to Apples: Banning Smartphones Increases the Digital Divide By Kristal High - 9:19am February 27, 2015 6541 5 SHARE Facebook Twitter There seems to be a growing sense of exceptionalism going around Silicon Valley these days – what’s good for the goose isn’t good for the gander. Large tech companies are trying to manipulate laws and regulations to get a competitive edge while regular folks are left to deal with the fall out. The latest example of the “X law should only apply when it benefits me” logic comes by way of the on-going patent wars between smartphone providers Apple and Samsung. In 2011, Apple filed suit against Samsung claiming the company made smartphones that infringed on patents currently held by Apple.  Today, the companies remain embroiled in several lawsuits with billions of dollars on the line. Apple’s main gripe is that Samsung has apparently infringed on various patents in the production of its Android smartphones. Ironically, a federal jury in Texas just found Apple liable of patent infringement to the tune of $532.9 million for willfully using another company’s patents in its iTunes software.  Even still, Apple has been granted monetary damages for Samsung’s infringement of three patents.  Now, the company is seeking to prevent Samsung from “making, selling, developing, or advertising” smartphones containing “infringing features in its products.” Apple made $182.35 billion last year, resulting in $39.51 billion in profits being added to the company’s bottom line for 2014. It was ranked the most successful company in the world…ever…based on its fourth quarter performance. Yet, it’s claiming that Samsung should be effectively banned from making and selling several models of its smartphones so as not to place in jeopardy Apple’s competitive position. A bit of Shakespeare is apropos for these theatrics: “the lady doth protest too much, methinks.”  The lady, of course, in this instance is Apple. Not only are Apple’s actions ludicrous, but they are very dangerous and run the risk of increasing the digital divide.  According to the Pew Internet & American Life Project, 90% of American adults own cell phones while 58% own smartphones.  People of color slightly over-index the national averages with 59% of African Americans and 61% of Hispanics owning smartphones, and 90% and 92%, respectively, owning cell phones. Even though a pervasive digital divide means far too many people of color and members of low-income communities don’t have broadband at home, 60% of cellphone owners use their mobile devices to get online. Of all American smartphone owners, 52% own androids while 42.7% own iPhones. So what does this tell us? Smartphones, with their ability to enable the use of varied applications and word processing programs, make all the difference in the world between the digitally connected and those who are on the wrong side of the digital divide. Even still, not everyone can afford a $600 iPhone, and so the Android market has become essential to ensuring that people not only have a choice in the kind of smartphone devices they purchase, but also that they are able to affordably access the web. The potential for smartphones to bridge the digital divide countered against the cost of obtaining a smartphone device makes Apple’s law suits against Samsung over the past four years all the more ridiculous.  It’s one thing to claim a competitor is infringing upon your patents.  It’s quite another to seek injunctive relief (meaning that the android phones containing the allegedly infringing patents would have to be taken off the market) disconnecting people from the affordable technology that allows them to get online in the first place. United States District Judge Lucy H. Koh, authoring the opinion of the Court in Apple v. Samsung in 2014, got it right when she determined that “the principles of equity do not support a permanent injunction” in this case. Even assuming Samsung did, in fact, infringe on three patents held by Apple, she said, Apple has not and cannot demonstrate that it suffered any irreparable harm from the exploitation of these patents, it did not experience any loss to its sales or reputation because of any patent infringement, and it didn’t make the case that Samsung was the actual cause of any such harm. There are certainly those instances in which patent infringement, especially in the tech sector, harms the public interest and places a company and its intellectual property in danger. This, however, is not such a case. Not only would the public interest be harmed if Samsung couldn’t produce or sell its smartphones – the average cost of an Android is $254, while the average cost of an iPhone is $687. But it’s incredibly hard for Apple, which just had the most profitable quarter of any company in the world in the recorded history of mankind, to seriously argue that the production of competitive smartphones containing portions of ostensibly infringing patents somehow damages its reputation and financial standing. The tech game almost inevitably breeds overlap in products and ideas. While some sort of action may be required to compensate parties from having their ideas coopted and exploited by others for profit, people would suffer if the standard Apple is trying to promote in its dispute against Samsung was allowed to stand. As a society that increasingly relies on smartphones to conduct just about every facet of our lives, we cannot afford to allow behemoth corporations to pretend that law and equity require a specific result that, in truth, only maximizes that company’s bottom line.  Apple is no innocent bystander here, and the real balance of equity we should be focused on is the impact on real people who would truly lose out and fall deeper in the cracks of the digital divide if options for affordable smartphones are taken out of production.     TAGS Android apple apple v. samsung cell phone digital divide iPhone lacy h. koh patent patent troll pew internet samsung smart phone smartphone u.s. district court SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleOpen Carry Gun Laws Won’t Work for Black People Until Racial Bias Abates Next articleLeelah Alcorn’s Story Rings True for Everyone Who’s “Different” Kristal High http://www.politic365.com Kristal Lauren High co-founded and serves as Editor in Chief of Politic365. She also operates her own communications and creative engagement company. The ideas and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author, and have complete editorial independence from any Politic365 partners, sponsors, or advertisers. For additional information about Politic365, please visit http://politic365.com/about/. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Headline Crichlow: Culture, Community, Consistency Key to Charter’s Diversity Headline Underdogs Prevail at FCC Incentive Auction Headline Adams Seeks to Increase Equal Pay, Economic Equity for Women 5 COMMENTS M. Gerald 4:31pm April 10, 2015 at 4:31 pm A bunch of hypocrites — how can you claim to care about people and try to take away their options to use affordable technology at the same time? Reply Apple’s Latest Patent Win Sets Dangerous Precedent for Future Tech | Politic365 1:46pm June 5, 2015 at 1:46 pm […] its practical effect sets a dangerous precedent which could, ultimately, further exacerbate the digital divide, keeping too many Americans offline and disconnected. I generally support patent enforcement. After […] Reply cheap roger vivier 6:10am December 26, 2016 at 6:10 am Hows it Heading remarkable and fun to go through.  I am a massive follower of ones topics talked about.  I also benefit from studying the other peoples thoughts, nevertheless it looks like that an incredible deal of followers must continue to keep on subject to try and add something to the unique topic.  I would also encourage all of you to bookmark this internet site for your favourite service to help get the word out.  Thanks cheap roger vivier http://www.rogervivierforsale.com Reply requirements to teach special Education in texas 10:43am January 11, 2017 at 10:43 am Great weblog here! Also your site rather a lot up very fast! What host are you the usage of? Can I am getting your associate link on your host? I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol Reply Air max pas cher 6:14am May 20, 2017 at 6:14 am There are some interesting points in time in this article but I don¡¯t know if I see all of them center to heart. There is some validity but I will take hold opinion until I look into it further. Good article , thanks and we want more! Added to FeedBurner as well Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks Waters Requests Speedy Trial, Details of Violations Ahead of House Committee Release of Charges Bridgette Outten - 7:41pm August 9, 2010 The National Hockey League’s Motto, “Hockey is for Everyone,” Isn’t Lip Service Politic365 Staff - 2:20pm April 29, 2013 Cable Industry Providing Major Boost To Economy’s Ratings Kristal High - 3:30pm March 8, 2011 $142,000 in Loans: CBCI College Cyber Summit Focuses on Issues Facing Millennials Lauren Victoria Burke - 12:47pm September 5, 2012 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS President Trump, Dictator for the Oligarchs 1:11pm May 18, 2017 Investment Concerns Lead Charge in Restoring Internet Freedom 5:09pm May 17, 2017 Timeline Says it All as Trump Finally Meets His Match in... 7:28am May 17, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2246 Politics1997 National1964 News1270 Culture1029 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Tablet News / Apple’s rumoured 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 could launch very soon Apple’s rumoured 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 could launch very soon by Sean Keach 21 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Rumours that Apple is working on a 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 seem interminable, as industry sources add fresh fuel to the fire. Apple has long been tipped to be developing a next-generation iPad Pro for release in 2017, but the company is keeping mum as usual. Fortunately for us, industry news site Digitimes claims that mass production of the new device is on track for delivery later this year. According to the report, mass-manufacturing of the new iPad began back in March or April, with an estimated 500,000 until being produced per month. What’s more, it’s believed that Apple plans to grow this production output to 600,000 units in July, with a view to build five million 10.5-inch iPad Pro units before the end of the year. The ramping-up in July suggests that a launch may be imminent, as it could signal an increased demand for the product. Related: iPhone 7S Unfortunately, it’s impossible to verify these claims, so take this report with due caution. Although Digitimes is often correct, it has a mixed track record on Apple leaks, and so it’s important not to lean too heavily on supply chain rumours. However, we should note that there’s been plenty of consistency when it comes to iPad Pro 2 leaks, and all rumours point to a summertime launch – possibly even as soon as June. This follows several recent reports that Apple is also working on a hardware refresh for the 12.9-inch iPad Pro this year, alongside a phasing-out of the iPad Mini 4. If we don’t see an iPad launched in summer, it’s entirely possible that Apple may make a separate announcement during its annual September keynote. The company is also expected to unveil the long-awaited iPhone 8 at the event. What would you like to see from the iPad Pro 2? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple WARRANTY iPad Pro (9.7,12.9)-inch, (32,128,256)GB,Gold,Silver,Gray,Tablets $669.93 View Item Apple iPad Pro 12.9" 32GB (Wi-Fi) 8MP 4GB RAM iOS Tablet - Gold / Silver / Gray $459.99 View Item New Apple iPad Pro 12.9" 32GB Wi-Fi Silver iOS Touch Screen Tablet $645.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Apple allegedly retaining deleted iCloud notes past the 30-day grace period Chance Miller - May. 19th 2017 12:51 pm PT @ChanceHMiller iCloud View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Russian software company ElcomSoft has made headlines in the past for making discoveries related to how Apple handles cloud data. Now, the company claims that Apple is holding onto deleted notes well past the thirty-day grace period during which they’re kept in the “Recently Deleted” folder… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover In a blog post, the company explains that using a version of its Phone Breaker tool, it extracted notes that were outside of the thirty-day grace period. ElcomSoft writes that its tool extracted nearly 50 notes that had been deleted by the user over a month ago. In fact, the oldest note it was able to retrieve was from 2012. What this means is that Apple is holding on to deleted notes for much longer than it should be and it’s unclear why. ElcomSoft notes that the results vary on an account-by-account basis, with some accounts returning a large number of deleted notes, while others return fewer. The company says that in order to know the full breadth of this issue, it needs a larger test base. We discovered that Apple apparently retains in the cloud copies of the users’ notes that were deleted by the user. Granted, deleted notes can be accessed on iCloud.com for some 30 days through the “Recently Deleted” folder; this is not it. We discovered that deleted notes are actually left in the cloud way past the 30-day period, even if they no longer appear in the “Recently Deleted” folder. The research and software company has made several other discoveries in the past. Earlier this year, ElcomSoft reported that iCloud was storing more Safari history than it should, and Apple quickly corrected the flaw the same day. Last year, the company discovered that it was surprisingly easy to access encrypted iTunes backups and again, Apple fixed the problem. Apple has yet to comment on today’s findings, but if it keeps pace with previous issues like this, it shouldn’t be too long before the company explains itself and/or fixes whatever is causing notes to be retrievable. When Apple comments and fixes the problem, we’ll be sure to update this post and let you know. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides iCloud View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Apple adds 4 new tutorials to ‘How to shoot on iPhone 7’ video series Chance Miller - May. 19th 2017 1:36 pm PT @ChanceHMiller iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple earlier this month launched a new website and video series focused on helping users get the most out of their iPhone cameras, and today the company has further expanded the series with four new how-to videos… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Apple has added four new tutorials to its “How to Shoot on iPhone 7” website: how to convert to black and white, how to shoot with zoom on the iPhone 7 Plus, how to shoot a horizon, and how to capture an intimate moment. How to shoot with zoom on iPhone 7 Plus Get closer with 2x optical zoom How to convert to black & white on iPhone 7 The right filter and a bit of experimenting with light levels give you a dramatic black-and-white image. In total, Apple now has 20 videos on its “How to” website, all of which focus on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus camera functionality. Apple has also uploaded some of the tutorials to its YouTube channel, though some remain exclusive to its website. We believe that everyone can take great photos. So we’ve put together these tips and techniques to help you take even better ones with your iPhone. View Apple’s zoom and black and white conversion videos down below via YouTube, and check out all 20 videos right here. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 With the possibility of Apple Watch ‘smart straps,’ which interests you most? [Poll] Jordan Kahn - May. 19th 2017 3:02 pm PT @JordanKahn Apple Watch 9to5Mac Polls View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The idea of a ‘smart straps’ platform for Apple Watch has been floating around for a while now. It’s something that other smartwatch makers have done and Apple itself has explored in patents. And this month there have been a few hints that make the prospect of smart bands a little more exciting with multiple reports saying Apple has been working on and testing blood sugar tracking technology for diabetes treatment… The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac Earlier this week a report that Apple CEO Tim Cook has been spotted testing glucose monitors attached to his Apple Watch followed several others that Apple is actively developing such technology for the device. One of those reports also claimed Apple was working on interchangeable smart straps, which it speculated could mean glucose monitoring would be offered as an attachment. But beyond recent reports, Apple itself has a number of patents for health sensors, cameras, batteries and more being incorporated into the Apple Watch bracelet links and bands. It’s definitely something the company has at the very least considered. Not everyone is for the idea of smart straps, however. Some might question whether or not a ‘smart bands’ platform is the right way to go. You’d gain benefits with a physical connection to the Watch and new features that aren’t currently possible with Bluetooth accessories. However, it might also mean Apple leaving extended battery life, cameras, and other sensors and features up to third-parties. This could result in bulky bands, and products having to be approved through the sometimes slow-moving MFi (or similar) licensing program. For that reason some might prefer it wait for battery enhancements and other internal improvements that won’t sacrifice the Apple Watch’s current design and user experience. With the rumors recently of Apple Watch ‘smart straps,’ which interests you most? Take Our Poll Top image: Reserve strap concept Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide 9to5Mac Polls View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Component cost for 3D Touch module in OLED iPhone to rise by 150%, amidst rumors of premium priced iPhone 8 Benjamin Mayo - May. 19th 2017 2:45 am PT @bzamayo iPhone 7 iPhone 8 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The iPhone 8 is expected to debut later this year touting a 5.8-inch OLED ‘bezel-less’ display incorporated into a new-design glass and stainless chassis. There have been many rumors about Apple increasing the price of the model above the current iPhone range (128 GB iPhone 7 Plus tops out at $969), with some people referring to the device as an ‘iPhone Pro’. Higher component costs support the idea of a premium price tag, and this is exactly what Economic Daily News is reporting today. It claims that the 3D Touch module in the OLED iPhone will cost Apple 150% more than the equivalent parts in the LCD iPhone 7 … Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial 3D Touch was first introduced with iPhone 6s, with headline features including home screen app shortcuts and Peek and Pop previews. The report says that touch panel manufacturer TPK currently charges $7-9 per iPhone sold to enable 3D Touch in the current iPhone series. For the upcoming OLED iPhone (tentatively named iPhone 8 by the community), the component cost for 3D Touch will more than double. EDN says that TPK has quoted Apple a cost between $18-$22 per device. Apple has seemingly accepted this quote as the next-generation iPhone production ramp is underway. Pressure-sensitive displays are more complex when the underlying screen technology is OLED (compared to LCD) because the OLED panel is more fragile. This necessitates the addition of a bonded glass cover on the front and back of the OLED panel. Digitimes says that usually an OLED-based 3D Touch solution will cost about 50% more than the LCD solution to account for the additional steps. However, Apple’s orders have been agreed at a quote that is 150% higher. It is not clear why Apple is paying top dollar for its components compared to the industry average. Speculatively, the iPhone 8 may include some cutting-edge display feature (Touch ID in the screen?) that requires additional care and processing. Apple analyst KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo has previously reported the need for a new intricate 3D Touch module for iPhone 8. Whatever the reason, a cost increase from $9 to $22 per unit is a significant increase in Apple’s bill of materials. Any increase in component cost will generally imply an increase in the final price of the product as Apple will want to maintain its margins. Therefore, this report supports the idea of the new iPhone 8 having a significantly higher price tag. A JP Morgan analyst previously predicted total BOM cost for the iPhone 8 will be about $90 more than the current phones. Apple is expected to debut the premium OLED iPhone later this year, touting wireless charging, 3D-sensing front cameras, face recognition and more features in addition to the new design. It is has also been reported that the company will unveil two iterative updates to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus which will include new internal upgrades but look mostly the same from the outside. These ‘7s’ devices would retain current price points giving room for Apple to make the iPhone 8 more expensive. Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide iPhone 8 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 NY State records show what Apple & other tech companies spend lobbying against the right to repair Ben Lovejoy - May. 19th 2017 5:51 am PT @benlovejoy AAPL Company Right to repair View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit New York state records reveal the sums Apple, Verizon, Lexmark and other tech companies have spent there on lobbying efforts against right to repair legislation. We learned back in February that Apple was formally opposing a bill in Nebraska that would have given consumers and independent repair shops the legal right to buy spare parts and to access service manuals in order to carry out their own repairs. That opposition was successful, lawmakers backing down. Apple is currently fighting attempts to introduce a Fair Repair Act in New York after successfully defeating similar bills in both 2015 and 2016 … NordVPN Motherboard reports that state records show which companies are lobbying against the bill, and the sums they have spent doing so. The records show that companies and organizations lobbying against right to repair legislation spent $366,634 to retain lobbyists in the state between January and April of this year. Thus far, the Digital Right to Repair Coalition—which is generally made up of independent repair shops with several employees—is the only organization publicly lobbying for the legislation. It has spent $5,042 on the effort, according to the records. The piece notes that this is an aggregate sum, covering all political lobbying by the companies named, but notes that Apple is spending $9,000 per month to one law firm for lobbying work, and that the Fair Repair Act is one of only three bills Apple lobbied on in March and April. Apple argues that DIY repairs can compromise both the safety and security of devices, citing the fire risks posed by lithium-ion batteries and the security risks of unknown companies accessing devices that rely on hardware like Touch ID for their security. The latter argument came to a head last year when it was discovered that replacing the Home button on an iPhone 6 resulted in the devices being deliberately bricked. When iPhone is serviced by an authorised Apple service provider or Apple retail store for changes that affect the touch ID sensor, the pairing is re-validated. This check ensures the device and the iOS features related to touch ID remain secure. Without this unique pairing, a malicious touch ID sensor could be substituted, thereby gaining access to the secure enclave. When iOS detects that the pairing fails, touch ID, including Apple Pay, is disabled so the device remains secure. The Fair Repair Act (Senate Bill S618A) is current at the committee stage. If it goes forward from there, it will need to pass votes in both state Senate and Assembly and be signed by the Governor in order to become law. Photo: iFixit Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide Right to repair View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Apple refuses compensation for exploding Beats headphones, finds 3rd-party batteries at fault Ben Lovejoy - May. 19th 2017 6:47 am PT @benlovejoy Beats A photo released by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has refused compensation to an Australian woman whose face was burned when her Beats headphones exploded on board a plane. Apple said that third-party AAA batteries, bought separately by the woman, were the cause … NordVPN Adelaide Now reports that the incident happened in February, with Apple subsequently investigating. An Australian woman whose face, hands and hair were burned when her headphones exploded on a plane won’t be compensated by manufacturer Apple because third-party batteries were at fault. The woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, was napping on a Beijing to Melbourne flight in February when she was awoken by the sound of an explosion and a burning sensation on her face. “Our investigation indicated the issue was caused by a third-party battery,” an Apple representative said in a statement issued by the woman’s lawyers on Friday. A number of Beats wireless headphone models use AAA batteries. The brand of the batteries involved in this case is not known. The woman said she was disappointed by Apple’s decision. The headphones don’t work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones – or their packaging – did it specify which brand of batteries should be used. An iPhone 6 caught fire on board a flight to Hawaii last year. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Beats View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Qualified humans must not fear bots: Adobe on Artificial Intelligence Business Standard Apple warns China: Pay 30% on cash transfers for violating App store policy Apple has warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their 'tipping' functions IANS  |  San Francisco  May 20, 2017 Last Updated at 14:26 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVlOUo People line up at an Apple store ALSO READ Now, iPhone can make you social media video star Apple market cap could reach $900 bn as it launches $1,000 iPhone this year Social media chatter: From Apple to RSS guy asking for Kerala CM's head Apple exploring app that can charge iPhone handsets using Wi-Fi routers Apple Clips: Be a social media video star Apple has reportedly warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their "tipping" functions because it is in violation of the company's App Store rules. The iPhone maker also said that if the companies fail to disable the fuction, it would start collecting 30 per cent on all cash transfers, a report in Wall Street Journal said late on Friday. To commend app developers on a job well done or aid their creation, Chinese users can tip them whatever they wish to. The cash is immediately transferred between the parties. According to the report, Apple has been sharing revenue on all purchases with app developers. In most cases, the split is 70-30, with app developers taking the larger share. Developers who do not like the idea of sharing 30 per cent of their revenue with Apple have no choice but to accept it or remove their apps from the company's application marketplace, the report added. Apple has now asked the developers to comply with its demands or face the possibility of app updates not hitting the App Store. The Cupertino-based company even warned that it could remove their apps from its App Store if they fail to comply to the rules. Read More On Apple | Apple Iphone | Iphone | Chinese Social Media | App Store | Social Media | Social Network | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Apple warns China: Pay 30% on cash transfers for violating App store policy Apple has warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their 'tipping' functions Apple has warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their 'tipping' functions Apple has reportedly warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their "tipping" functions because it is in violation of the company's App Store rules. The iPhone maker also said that if the companies fail to disable the fuction, it would start collecting 30 per cent on all cash transfers, a report in Wall Street Journal said late on Friday. To commend app developers on a job well done or aid their creation, Chinese users can tip them whatever they wish to. The cash is immediately transferred between the parties. According to the report, Apple has been sharing revenue on all purchases with app developers. In most cases, the split is 70-30, with app developers taking the larger share. Developers who do not like the idea of sharing 30 per cent of their revenue with Apple have no choice but to accept it or remove their apps from the company's application marketplace, the report added. Apple has now asked the developers to comply with its demands or face the possibility of app updates not hitting the App Store. The Cupertino-based company even warned that it could remove their apps from its App Store if they fail to comply to the rules. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple warns China: Pay 30% on cash transfers for violating App store policy Apple has warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their 'tipping' functions Apple has reportedly warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their "tipping" functions because it is in violation of the company's App Store rules. The iPhone maker also said that if the companies fail to disable the fuction, it would start collecting 30 per cent on all cash transfers, a report in Wall Street Journal said late on Friday. To commend app developers on a job well done or aid their creation, Chinese users can tip them whatever they wish to. The cash is immediately transferred between the parties. According to the report, Apple has been sharing revenue on all purchases with app developers. In most cases, the split is 70-30, with app developers taking the larger share. Developers who do not like the idea of sharing 30 per cent of their revenue with Apple have no choice but to accept it or remove their apps from the company's application marketplace, the report added. Apple has now asked the developers to comply with its demands or face the possibility of app updates not hitting the App Store. The Cupertino-based company even warned that it could remove their apps from its App Store if they fail to comply to the rules. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Apple holds Stevie Wonder concert on campus in honor of Global Accessibility Awareness Day Chance Miller - May. 19th 2017 7:19 am PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has been celebrating Global Accessibility Awareness Day all week, highlighting its Accessibility features and sharing the stories of those who use them. To cap off its celebrations, Apple yesterday held a concert at its headquarters with Stevie Wonder… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Apple held the concert as part of its annual “Beer Bash” festivities, which in the past have featured artists such as Pharrell Williams and Zane Lowe. A plethora of images have emerged on social media showing the gathering of Apple executives and employees for the concert, which was kept a surprise until the day of. Stevie Wonder, who has been legally blind since shortly after birth, has praised Apple’s Accessibility features in the past. In 2011, the musician thanked Stevie Jobs for Apple’s focus on ensuring that everyone can use its products. “There is nothing that you can do on the iPhone or iPad that I can’t do,” he said. Furthermore, Wonder starred in Apple’s annual holiday advertisement. In the ad, he was seen using the macOS VoiceOver feature to produce a song in GarageBand. Check out that ad below. Earlier this week, Apple released a new series of videos highlighting people with disabilities who use its products, while Tim Cook also sat down with three different YouTubers to discuss Apple’s Accessibility efforts. A variety of different images of Stevie Wonder’s performance at Apple can be seen via Twitter and Instagram and are embedded right below. The artist performed a few songs and was graced by Tim Cook on stage at one point. If you happened to be there, let us know how it was in the comments! Thank you to the incomparable Stevie Wonder for lifting hearts and celebrating accessibility with us! #GAAD pic.twitter.com/WvePkgte5R — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) May 19, 2017 I was fortunate to see Stevie Wonder perform today. #accessibilityawarenessday #apple #beerbash pic.twitter.com/ouVTiSa2rJ — Kristofor (@kristofor) May 19, 2017 Once in a lifetime opportunity to watch Stevie Wonder live! I got goosebumps! WOW! A post shared by Parth Dhebar (@parth.dhebar) on May 18, 2017 at 7:25pm PDT Stevie Wonder performs at Apple #GlobalAccessibilityAwarenessDayhttps://t.co/3AGGOguKVO pic.twitter.com/SdOJRzD0mb — Brennan Hall ☕️ (@brennan_hall) May 19, 2017 Damn.. Stevie Wonder is at the apple campus rn — Jesse (@barbonator) May 19, 2017 Stevie Wonder is performing at Apple's headquarters today. If only it was a month later — ATZ (@imAbiel) May 19, 2017 Stevie Wonder at Apple for Global Accessibility Awareness Day #GAAD pic.twitter.com/anwyi7GcpI — James Craig (@cookiecrook) May 19, 2017 Signed, Sealed, Delivered pic.twitter.com/CI38dIU8Vj — James Craig (@cookiecrook) May 19, 2017 Stevie Wonder at #apple #beerbash A post shared by Didip Kerabat (@didip) on May 18, 2017 at 5:28pm PDT Stevie Wonder at our beer bash, giant macarons, and Beerio Kart 🍺🎶👾🎤😎 A post shared by Alexander Karapetian (@alexkara15) on May 18, 2017 at 5:17pm PDT Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Jailbreak developer hacks NFC on iPhone 6s to talk to NFC devices Jeff Benjamin - May. 19th 2017 7:54 am PT @JeffBenjam Jailbreak NFC View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Jailbreak developer Elias Limneos has accomplished a feat with his jailbroken device that some are hoping will eventually be a standard feature on iPhones. He’s made it so that his jailbroken iPhone responds to NFC-enabled devices. Thus far, Limneos has tested his hack with NFC-enabled tags, but the proof of concept holds promise for jailbroken iPhone users. The best wireless keyboard for the Mac? In a brief video, the well-known developer showcases a jailbroken iPhone 6s interacting with an NFC-enabled tag. The phone promptly responds to the presence of the tag with a notification identifying the tag. Limneos states that his efforts, which consists of a small hack on the nfcd daemon, should work on any jailbroken device that is NFC-enabled. He’s currently still digging deeper into NFC protocols, and working on managing read/write data. Right now, as you can see from the embedded video demo below, the hack is capable of reading tags and can be used to authenticate. The developer states that you could use the hack to open an RFID door with your iPhone, or move a tag close to your iPhone and have it respond with an action. Android users have, for many years now, been able to reap the benefits of having unlocked NFC access on their smartphones. This allows, for instance, users to quickly pair NFC-enabled cameras, speakers, and transmit files between users. Apple first implemented NFC into the iPhone 6 as a way to help facilitate Apple Pay transactions, and has given no indication that it plans on opening up access to developers. I personally think that it’s unlikely that Apple will ever open up NFC, as HomeKit is its primary method for communicating with devices in and around the home, and NFC is exclusively used with Apple Pay. For security, and perhaps other reasons, I see Apple continuing to keep NFC access locked down in its devices, and that’s probably a wise move given its association with Apple Pay. As 9to5Mac’s Benjamin Mayo explained to me, another incentive for Apple to keep NFC locked down has to do with speed. Since NFC is used exclusively with Apple Pay, when an iPhone senses any NFC device nearby, it automatically displays the Apple Pay interface. The iPhone doesn’t have to take time to decipher what device is on the other end, and that, in effect, results in a speedier Apple Pay experience. Limneos plans to release his work as an NFC-enabler tweak rather than a particular application. It will be available on the Cydia store for jailbroken iPhone users in the near future. Jeff Benjamin @JeffBenjam Jeff leads 9to5Mac’s YouTube channel — editing and producing tech videos, walkthroughs, how-tos, written tutorials and reviews. He takes pride in being able to explain things in a simple, clear and concise manner. Favorite Gear 2016 MacBook Pro Final Cut Pro X Panasonic GH5 Guides Jailbreak View THe Guide NFC View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 9to5Toys Last Call: iPhone 6s from $280, Bose SoundLink Mini (refurb) $130, HomeKit Light Socket $30, more Trevor Daugherty - May. 19th 2017 9:31 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Review: This is Ground takes on Apple Watch in style w/ new Connoisseur bands Restoration Hardware iPhone and iPad cases in a variety of styles starting at $3 LEGO, Batman, Adventure and Fantasy iTunes Digital Movie Sale from $5 9to5Rewards: Twelve South Action Sleeve for Apple Watch [Giveaway] ALPS Mountaineering Lynx 1-Person Tent for $58 shipped (Reg. $80) Brushstroke for iOS goes free for first time in over 2 years (Reg. $4) Monoprice is now making a professional quality 3D Printer at just $159 Love Hultén’s new vintage-inspired mahogany Astovox Hi-Fi System Garmin Forerunner 735XT Smartwatch for $315 shipped (Reg. $450) Celebrate National Bike to Work Day w/ these top-rated locks from $12 Wired and Popular Science Magazine Bundle: 1yr for just $8 shipped, more Green Deals: GreenWorks 80V 16-inch Cordless String Trimmer $149, more Apple iPhone 6s (manufacturer refurb): 16GB $280, 64GB $340, more Bose SoundLink Mini Series I Bluetooth speaker for $130 shipped (refurb, Orig. $200) Koogeek Smart Socket HomeKit-enabled Light Bulb Adapter: $30 (Reg. $40) Best Buy discounts newest iPad to $300, 128GB marked down to $400 eBay takes 20% off tech over $25: iPad mini 2 32GB $184, more Save $249 on Apple’s sleek 13-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Apple’s non-Touch Bar 13-inch MacBook Pro on sale from $1,280 Apple iPhone 6s Plus 64GB GSM Unlocked in multiple colors for $550 iPhone 7 BOGO Free Sale at Sprint App Store Free App of the Week: Eggggg platformer free for very first time (Reg. $3) Knots 3D for iOS free for first time in nearly a year (Reg. $2) TopScanner PDF app for iPhone and iPad now available for free (Reg. $2) Weirdwood Manor iOS storybook puzzler free for first time in nearly a year Cut the Buttons HD for iPad now just $1 on the App Store Wrestle Jump’s hilarious iOS local 2-player action free for first time in years   9to5Rewards: Elago’s W3 and W4 Apple Watch Stands [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Yamaha’s feature-packed 7.2-Ch 4K A/V Receiver w/ AirPlay $435 (Reg. $600) Aomais Sport II Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker just $37 shipped (Reg. $50) Smartphone Accessories: iClever BoostCube+ 24W Dual USB Wall Charger $7, more Linksys Tri-band Smart 802.11ac Wi-Fi Router for $70 shipped (refurb, Orig. $330) Osprey Farpoint 55 Travel Backpack goes to $135 at Amazon (Reg. $180) Breville’s Oracle Espresso Machine is $800 off for today only Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: True Skate, Weirdwood Manor, more Today’s Best Game Deals: LEGO City Undercover Switch $40, more DJI Phantom 4 Drone w/ 4K Camera (refurb) direct from the manufacturer: $729 Under Armour gear highlights today’s Amazon Gold Box, priced from $10 Print, scan, copy and more on Ricoh’s Wireless Color Laser Printer: $135 (Reg. $180) Linksys and Arris SURFboard DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modems cut rental fees starting at $20 Daily Deals: Sphero SPRK+ STEM Robot $83, Belkin WeMo Light Switch $15, more BJ’s 1-Year Membership lets you save on groceries and more for $25 (50% off) Fallout 4 Vault Dweller’s Official Strategy Guide from $10 (Reg. $20+) Gap takes 40% off sitewide for today only: save on new summer styles, more George Foreman Quesadilla Maker for $14 Prime shipped (Reg. $22) NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Atomos Ninja Inferno: A great way to speed up your Panasonic GH5 workflow [Video]   LEGO’s latest is a massive 2,800-piece Minecraft Mountain Cave set WATTS is the customizable battery backup system meant to fit any home Kanex debuts new GoPower Magnetic Charging Apple Watch Stand, more BOSON Building Blocks bring LEGOs and other projects to Life! Amazon upgrades Fire tablet lineup w/ thinner design and new features [Deal] Nanoleaf ditches the smartphone with its 12-sided Aurora Remote Moog unveils the new limited edition Subsequent 37 CV synth The Witcher takes on Game of Thrones with new Netflix series Alexa-enabled 4K TVs from Westinghouse hit w/ Fire OS built-in Apogee Control now comes free w/ Element 88 Thunderbolt interfaces Jammy: the new portable iOS-connected smart guitar with telescopic neck Mophie’s new Galaxy S8/S8+ cases add up to 3,300mAh of extra power for $99, available now Arckit lets you build custom model cityscapes easier than LEGO Polk’s new Chromecast-powered MagniFi soundbar offers 5.1-Ch. surround sound Gather tames your desk’s clutter with a stylish and modular organizer The Daymak C5 Blast is the “fastest Go-Kart the world has ever seen” SolarGaps window blinds hide built-in solar panels, helps renters save on utilities Elgato’s Stream Deck brings broadcast-level control to your Twitch stream Nike’s new Air Jordan 13 Golf brings iconic retro style to the course LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 release date and more [Video] VRgluv will change the future of VR for the better The ClayXYZ 3D Printer lets anyone create ceramic artwork easily and affordably Samson Q2U Podcasting Mic Bundle hits today for under $60 Nike’s new iPhone 7 cases have Air Force 1 and Roshe designs TCL just introduced a line of affordable 4K Roku TVs with Dolby Vision HDR Nintendo Switch gets a complete Super Famicom makeover MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Anker iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8 Minimal Cases in multiple colors $3 (Reg. $10+) Samsung Gear IconX Cord-free Earbuds w/ 4GB storage $75 shipped Add a HomeKit-enabled Koogeek Smart Plug to your setup for $24 (Reg. $30) Blue Yeti Blackout Microphone + Watch Dogs 2 for PC: $90 (Reg. $140) PDFConverterOCR 4 for Mac: $17 (Reg. $50) Pad & Quill leather/wood iPhone, iPad 10% off, more Apple Magic Keyboard and Magic Mouse 2 for $110 Fast Company, INC, Entrepreneur Magazine Bundle: 1yr for $9 LG G6 32GB Smartphone w/ Watch Style for $600 (Reg. $950) The Magnificent Seven (2016) $1 digital rental (Reg. $5) Samsung 40-inch Smart HDTV for $299 (Reg. $430), more Canon PIXMA Color Inkjet with AirPrint $37 (Reg. $55+) Sony Bluetooth Light-Up High Powered Speaker $175 Dyna-Glo Smart Space 3-Burner Gas Grill  at $196 Aukey Mini Drone lets you to take the skies for only $20 Tomoko 87-Key Mechanical Keyboard w/ Blue for $27 Samsung 43-inch Curved Smart 4K Ultra HDTV $430, more Scribd Three-Month Audiobook and Magazine Subscription: FREE (Reg. $27) Logitech G633 Artemis Spectrum Gaming Headset for $70 shipped (Reg. $100) Ultimate Fidgeters Bundle Helps Relieve Work Stress for $20 Trevor Daugherty @trevorjd14 Trevor Daugherty is the Senior Editor of 9to5Toys. Since joining in 2014, he’s specialized in product reviews, exclusive discounts and 9to5’s New Toy of the Day. Contact him direct at trevor@9to5mac.com. Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Decreases Position in CSG Systems International, Inc. (CSGS) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 4,166 Shares of Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $479,000 Position in Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (BNCL) Oberweis Asset Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Investors Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Emerge Energy Services (EMES) Almanack Investment Partners LLC. Acquires Shares of 5,036 Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Hartree Partners LP Acquires Shares of 3,369 Apple Inc. (AAPL) Park National Corp OH Sells 10,387 Shares of Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp Acquires New Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Watch Point Trust Co Reduces Position in General Electric Company (GE) Teachers Advisors LLC Purchases 3,236 Shares of Rambus Inc. (RMBS) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is Indiana Trust & Investment Management CO’s 10th Largest Position Hills Bank & Trust Co. Reduces Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Sold by Hills Bank & Trust Co. Williams Capital Weighs in on SM Energy Co’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SM) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Decreased by Jefferies Group Ascena Retail Group Inc to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.04 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (ASNA) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Decreased by Analyst Seaport Global Securities Weighs in on SandRidge Energy, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SD) Teck Resources Ltd (TECK) Short Interest Update Hartree Partners LP Acquires Shares of 3,369 Apple Inc. (AAPL) May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hartree Partners LP purchased a new stake in shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm purchased 3,369 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock, valued at approximately $390,000. Apple accounts for about 0.8% of Hartree Partners LP’s portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Noven Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Apple by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Noven Financial Group Inc. now owns 7,396 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $857,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Apple by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 7,859 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $910,000 after buying an additional 24 shares during the period. Schafer Cullen Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Apple by 1.0% in the third quarter. Schafer Cullen Capital Management Inc. now owns 3,710 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $419,000 after buying an additional 35 shares during the period. Retirement Planning Group raised its stake in shares of Apple by 0.4% in the third quarter. Retirement Planning Group now owns 10,507 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,188,000 after buying an additional 44 shares during the period. Finally, Rosenbaum Jay D. raised its stake in shares of Apple by 0.3% in the third quarter. Rosenbaum Jay D. now owns 15,095 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,707,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. 58.76% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 153.06 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $798.03 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.96 and a beta of 1.26. Apple Inc. has a 1-year low of $91.50 and a 1-year high of $156.65. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $146.64 and its 200-day moving average price is $129.49. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $52.61 billion. Analysts expect that Apple Inc. will post $8.94 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a $0.63 dividend. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.65%. This is a boost from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 27.31%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Hartree Partners LP Acquires Shares of 3,369 Apple Inc. (AAPL)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/hartree-partners-lp-acquires-shares-of-3369-apple-inc-aapl.html. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $159.00 price target (up from $152.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating and set a $150.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Rosenblatt Securities reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $120.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Monday, April 17th. FBN Securities boosted their target price on shares of Apple from $155.00 to $160.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $140.00 target price on shares of Apple in a report on Friday. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $156.06. In other news, Director Arthur D. Levinson sold 35,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.88, for a total value of $5,385,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 1,168,283 shares in the company, valued at $179,775,388.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 154,116 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $22,806,085.68. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 314,393 shares of company stock valued at $46,506,842. Company insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Jailbreak developer hacks iPhone to unlock hidden NFC features Hidden or factory-locked NFC features could soon be accessible to iOS end users, thanks to jailbreak developer Elias Limneos. Vinod Yalburgi   May 20, 2017 13:17 IST Jailbreak developer hacks iPhone to unlock hidden NFC features Apple iPhones have long been supporting Near Field Communication (NFC) technology while users remained unaware of the hidden NFC features that were typically locked off by Apple out of the box. Now, a renowned jailbreak developer of AnsweringMachine fame, Elias Limneos, has successfully hacked the NFC system and published a demo video depicting an interaction between an NFC-enabled tag and a modified iPhone 6s. The NFC tag can be identified by the hacked iPhone when in close range and when out of range. The proof-of-concept depicting modded NFC functionality looks promising as it allegedly works on all NFC-enabled iPhones, including the new iPhone 7/7 Plus handsets. Android handsets are capable of open NFC communication out of the box and now the hack enables similar functionality on Apple phones. The developer reveals his plans to release a full-fledged jailbreak tweak soon that will enable uninhibited NFC access for users with potentially advanced features like unlocking NFC-enabled doors or transferring files between cross-platform devices like Android to Windows or iOS to Windows and vice-versa. Apple is unlikely to provide access to any of these hidden NFC features owing to the company's policy to maintain high levels of security on its devices. Nevertheless, we could soon see some powerful jailbreak tweak coming to iOS to unleash the hidden potential of NFC-enabled iPhones. Check out the advanced NFC functions being put into action in the demo video below: Related IOS 10.3.1 jailbreak imminent after renowned security researcher confirms new exploit How to decrypt or patch WannaCry ransomware attack on Windows WannaCry ransomware attacks: Victims have stopped paying up Also read ExtraTorrent shuts down permanently, bids goodbye to Bittorrent community How to claim your free gift after pre-ordering Galaxy S8 or S8 in India Quick Links Apple Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Here's how to pin chats on WhatsApp 1 hour ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular Chinese brands like Xiaomi, OPPO are wiping out Indian smartphone companies Here's why Indian smartphone makers must buckle up, or lose dominance to Chinese players. After hitting 100 million users, is Jio losing its charm? After setting high benchmarks in the previous months, Jio added 6 million subscribers in March 2017, which has been its lowest so far. Is Reliance Jio the hare in the tortoise and hare race. WannaCry kill switch under nonstop botnet attack by hackers attempting to reignite ransomware Hackers are trying to funnel junk traffic to WannaCry's kill switch web address in an attempt to start the ransomware epidemic once again. New features of Nokia 9 exposed: Release date, price and other details HMD Global is expected to release its upcoming flagship Nokia 9 in the third quarter of 2017 with dual camera. Over 98% of WannaCry victims were using Windows 7 Being the most common version of Windows worldwide, Windows 7 was also the worst-hit one during the WannaCry ransomware attack. Here's how to pin chats on WhatsApp After weeks of testing, WhatsApp finally introduced pinned chats feature on its messenger applications, which allows users to pin their favourite conversation on top at all time. Moto Z gets huge price cut ahead of Moto Z2 Force and Moto Z2 Play launch Motorola has made Moto Z available at huge discount even as it prepares for the launch of Moto Z2 Force and Moto Z2 Play. IOS 10.3.1 jailbreak release rumours quashed by security researcher Security researcher Adam Donenfeld clarifies that he has no plans to release iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak, but a new exploit is on the cards. Photo Gallery Tallia Storm shows off incredibly fit figure Scottish singer Tallia Storm shows off incredibly fit figure. Paris Hilton shares flashback pics on Snapchat Paris Whitney Hilton shares flashback snap of herself wearing gravity-defying underwear. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Apple's Campus Has Everything - Oh, Except Daycare by Beth Spotswood in News on May 19, 2017 4:25 pm And Apple said unto the City of Cupertino, 'The great and holy Apple ship shall land bathed in light.' Rendering from Foster + Partners, via the City of Cupertino Apple's new $5 billion Apple Park campus has everything an Apple employee could wish for, unless they have children in which case: tough. The one thing missing from the brand new Apple mothership, other than a waterslide, is on-site childcare. Apple built a ma$$ive campus for 12k people with *no childcare center*. But there;s 100k foot gym and uh this https://t.co/kDFZwEMTgc pic.twitter.com/SrxUqFjKtX— Ryan Tate (@ryantate) May 16, 2017 We've been excited about Apple's new "spaceship doughnut" campus for awhile now (read our previous coverage here and also here) because it's been built up (!) as quite possibly the coolest place to work ever. The open-for-business, four-story, 2.8 million-square-foot "Apple Campus 2" was designed by famed architect Norman Foster and was one of Steve Jobs's last projects before the Apple co-founder passed away in 2011. The ultra-modern workplace features three restaurants, several fitness centers, a 120,000-square-foot corporate auditorium, a two-story yoga room, on-site medical and dental services, and over 100 acres of landscaped green space, including the giant and gorgeous courtyard in the center of the doughnut-shaped building. But oops, they forgot to build a daycare. Apple’s new $5 billion campus has a 100,000-square-foot gym, but no daycare. No wonder #Apple struggles to attract & retain women. Lame move— Lida (@lidatohidi) May 17, 2017 Quartz's Mike Murphy describes the oversight as a "missed opportunity, given Apple’s prominence as an employer, to redefine the relationship between work and home life." Murphy mentions clothing and adventure gear company Patagonia, which retained 100% of its mom employees after providing free on-site childcare. The national retention average is below 80%. This Wired article harkens back to Jobs's last appearance before his death, speaking to the Cupertino City Council in which he expressed his intention to build "the best office building in the world." Huge gym but no day care. Apple campus gets it wrong. https://t.co/qcSiAxyfeV— Mitch Kapor (@mkapor) May 17, 2017 CNet, meanwhile, has a round-up of tweets from tech folks calling out Apple for forgetting something so basic. "Huge gym but no day care. Apple campus gets it wrong," tweeted tech executive Mitch Kapor referencing the campus' 100,000-square-foot wellness center. While the team at Apple Park forgot to add a daycare to the plans, it's not like it's too late or they're out of money. While most companies don't provide free kid-care, Apple is, well Apple. If they can figure out a way to make our phones start falling apart every time they release a new iPhone, I'm pretty sure they can figure out a way to add a couple of playgrounds and iNannies to their Cupertino spaceship center. Related: Video: Drone Check-In On Construction Of Apple's 'Spaceship Doughnut' Campus Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print apple apple campus cupertino tech Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of sfist The 9 Best Urban Hikes In SF The 15 Best Movie Theaters In The Bay Area The 13 Best Places To People Watch In SF The 8 Best New Stoner Foods In San Francisco The 18 Best Bakeries In San Francisco   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy National bravery hero kidnapped in Maharashtra 'Thupparivaalan' features Sherlock, Dr. Watson type characters Business Standard Apple warns Chinese social media apps to disable 'tip' function IANS  |  San Francisco  May 20, 2017 Last Updated at 12:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVlOUo ALSO READ Trump a 'bachelor' if we look at his social media use Higher use of Social Media can lead to brain imbalance, says Study Social media platforms banned in J&K VOIZD debuts social media space with its unique 30 second audio messaging wall New model to help unhook people from social media Apple has reportedly warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their "tipping" functions because it is in violation of the company's App Store rules. The iPhone maker also said that if the companies fail to disable the fuction, it would start collecting 30 per cent on all cash transfers, a report in Wall Street Journal said late on Friday. To commend app developers on a job well done or aid their creation, Chinese users can tip them whatever they wish to. The cash is immediately transferred between the parties. According to the report, Apple has been sharing revenue on all purchases with app developers. In most cases, the split is 70-30, with app developers taking the larger share. Developers who do not like the idea of sharing 30 per cent of their revenue with Apple have no choice but to accept it or remove their apps from the company's application marketplace, the report added. Apple has now asked the developers to comply with its demands or face the possibility of app updates not hitting the App Store. The Cupertino-based company even warned that it could remove their apps from its App Store if they fail to comply to the rules. --IANs sku/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Social Media | Social Network | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Apple warns Chinese social media apps to disable 'tip' function Apple has reportedly warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their "tipping" functions because it is in violation of the company's App Store rules. Apple has reportedly warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their "tipping" functions because it is in violation of the company's App Store rules. The iPhone maker also said that if the companies fail to disable the fuction, it would start collecting 30 per cent on all cash transfers, a report in Wall Street Journal said late on Friday. To commend app developers on a job well done or aid their creation, Chinese users can tip them whatever they wish to. The cash is immediately transferred between the parties. According to the report, Apple has been sharing revenue on all purchases with app developers. In most cases, the split is 70-30, with app developers taking the larger share. Developers who do not like the idea of sharing 30 per cent of their revenue with Apple have no choice but to accept it or remove their apps from the company's application marketplace, the report added. Apple has now asked the developers to comply with its demands or face the possibility of app updates not hitting the App Store. The Cupertino-based company even warned that it could remove their apps from its App Store if they fail to comply to the rules. --IANs sku/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple warns Chinese social media apps to disable 'tip' function Apple has reportedly warned several Chinese social networking apps to disable their "tipping" functions because it is in violation of the company's App Store rules. The iPhone maker also said that if the companies fail to disable the fuction, it would start collecting 30 per cent on all cash transfers, a report in Wall Street Journal said late on Friday. To commend app developers on a job well done or aid their creation, Chinese users can tip them whatever they wish to. The cash is immediately transferred between the parties. According to the report, Apple has been sharing revenue on all purchases with app developers. In most cases, the split is 70-30, with app developers taking the larger share. Developers who do not like the idea of sharing 30 per cent of their revenue with Apple have no choice but to accept it or remove their apps from the company's application marketplace, the report added. Apple has now asked the developers to comply with its demands or face the possibility of app updates not hitting the App Store. The Cupertino-based company even warned that it could remove their apps from its App Store if they fail to comply to the rules. --IANs sku/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Wearables News Tim Cook is testing a new Apple Watch device that monitors his blood sugar levels Apple wants to develop the "holy grail" in diabetes: non-invasive, continuous glucose monitoring. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Oscar Raymundo Staff Writer, Macworld | May 19, 2017 11:28 AM PT Credit: Apple More like this Future Apple Watch could help treat diabetes with sensors that monitor blood... Why Apple’s next killer app is health Research shows the Apple Watch can detect an early sign of heart disease Video What happens to companies that depend on the iPhone? Tim Cook is not only acting CEO at Apple, but he’s also one of its beta testers. This week, CNBC reported that Cook has been testing a new device that monitors his blood sugar levels. This glucose monitor is a prototype attached to Cook’s Apple Watch that can track how food consumption and exercise affects the CEO’s blood sugar levels. Back in February, Cook told students at the University of Glasgow that he had been continuously wearing a glucose monitor, but did not confirm it whether it was an Apple prototype. [ Further reading: The best Ultra-HD Blu-ray players ] It’s mentally anguishing to stick yourself many times a day to check your blood sugar. “It’s mentally anguishing to stick yourself many times a day to check your blood sugar,” Cook said. “There is lots of hope out there that if someone has constant knowledge of what they’re eating, they can instantly know what causes the response... and that they can adjust well before they become diabetic.” Apple has been very interested in developing what it calls the “holy grail” in diabetes: non-invasive, continuous glucose monitoring. Last month, it was reported that Apple has had a team of biomedical engineers working on this very project for five years. If successful, these sensors would be able to monitor blood sugar levels without breaking the skin. According to CNBC, Apple is currently conducting feasibility trials in clinics near Cupertino. And the company has also reportedly been in conversations with consultants to figure out “regulatory pathways.” Why this matters: If Apple is successful in creating this next-gen glucose monitor, it would transform the Apple Watch from a wearable accessory to a revolutionary health device. Even though the Watch can now monitor your heart rate and track your activity, it’s obvious Apple wants to add more significant health applications.  To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Wearables Health and Fitness Software Consumer Electronics Apple Apple Watch Tim Cook Oscar Raymundo is a staff writer covering iOS and the host of 'The iPhone Show.' Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Tablets by Brandon Hill — Friday, September 18, 2015 Battle Of The Hybrids: Microsoft, Lenovo, Dell Stiff Competition For Apple iPad Pro When Microsoft first announced the Surface Pro back in 2012 (it launched in early 2013), many Apple fans snickered. Here was Microsoft, releasing a somewhat thick and heavy tablet that not only had a kickstand, but also an “odd” cover that doubled as a keyboard. And to top things off, the device made use of a stylus. The late Apple CEO Steve Jobs famously said in 2010, “If you see a stylus, they blew it.”  And many people thought that Microsoft did blow it, writing off nearly $1 billion in costs related to its Surface tablets during the first year. But Microsoft forged ahead with the Surface Pro 2, and later with the Surface Pro 3 (you can read Marco’s review here). Not only were customers becoming more aware of the innovative and powerful tablet, but competitors were also taking note.  Microsoft Surface Pro 3 We’ve seen Lenovo introduce the ideapad MIIX 700, which incorporates its own kickstand and an Intel Skylake-based Core m7 processor. And most recently, we've seen Apple pull a literal 180 on this design and platform approach, announcing the iPad Pro — a device that features a fabric keyboard cover similar in concept to the Surface Pro and a stylus. The big head-to-head competition will no doubt be between the Surface Pro 4, which is set to be unveiled early next month, and the iPad Pro. But for practical purposes, today we’ll be discussing the Surface Pro 3. So let’s take a look at what both machines offer: Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Specifications & Features Model Surface Pro 3 Processor 4th-generation Intel Core i3/i5/i7 processors Graphics Intel HD Graphics Operating System Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Display 12-inch ClearType Full HD (2160x1440) Touch Panel Camera 5MP front-facing camera; 5MP rear-facing camera Memory & Storage 4GB or 8GB of RAM 64GB, 128GB, 256GB, or 512GB SSD microSD card slot I/O Ports 1 x Full-size USB 3.0 1 x Mini Display port Headset jack microUSB charging port Wireless 802.11ac Wi-Fi Bluetooth 4.0 Battery Up to 9 hours Weight 1.76 pounds MSRP Base Price: $799 (Now on sale For $671) We’ll start with the incumbent, the Surface Pro 3. Even after a year on the market, the Surface Pro 3 is still quite potent, offering up to a fourth generation 1.7GHz Intel Core i7 processor paired with 8GB RAM. You’ll also find up to 512GB of storage on the range-topping model.  But the most impressive part of the Surface Pro 3 is probably its 12-inch display, which has a display resolution of 2160x1440 (3:2 aspect ratio). The 1.76-pound tablet features a built-in, infinitely-adjustable kickstand which makes finding the “perfect” typing angle a lot easier than with previous generations. And we can’t forget the included Surface Pen, which is a boon for everyone from simple note takers to creative types. The Bluetooth-based Surface Pen is powered by a single AAAA battery or two Type-319 coin cell batteries. Microsoft Surface Pro 3 The Surface Pro 3 is aimed at primarily at professionals, so it should come as no surprise that the tablet is running Windows 10 — an operating system that is equally kind to both touch-based tablets and and devices that rely primarily on a keyboard and mouse for input. And since after all this is a fully functional Windows PC, it has access to the entire catalog of current and legacy Windows x86 software applications. On the all-important pricing front, the Surface Pro 3 covers an almost comically broad pricing spectrum. An entry-level model with a Core i3 processor, 4GB of RAM, and a 64GB SSD will cost you $699 from the Microsoft Store. The most expensive model with its Core i7 processor, 8GB of RAM, and 512MB SSD will cost you a pretty penny at $1,799. But there’s an extra wrinkle in those prices — Microsoft regularly offers steep discounts on the Surface Pro 3, so if you play your cards right, you can get upwards of $300 off mid-range and higher-tier Surface Pro 3 models. With the Surface Pro 4 imminent, expect pricing to get even more competitive. Although the Surface Pro 3 comes with a Surface Pen in the box, they retail for $49.99 should you lose your original. The Surface Pro Type Cover runs $129.99. Apple iPad Pro Specifications & Features Model iPad Pro Processor Apple A9X Graphics Apple A9X Operating System iOS 9 Display 12.9-inch (2732x2048) Touch Panel Camera 1.2MP front-facing camera; 8MP rear-facing camera Memory & Storage 4GB of RAM 32GB, 64GB or 128GB Flash storage I/O Ports 1 x Lightning Port Headset jack Wireless 802.11ac Wi-Fi Bluetooth 4.2 Optional LTE Battery Up to 10 hours (Wi-Fi), Up to 8 hours (Wi-Fi + LTE) Weight 1.57 pounds MSRP Base Price: $799 On the Apple front, we have the iPad Pro . This newcomer is the Mac Daddy (no pun intended) of iOS devices, sporting a massive 12.9-inch display with a resolution of 2732x2048. Powering the iPad Pro is a potent A9X processor which is backed by 4GB of RAM. Apple says that the iPad Pro offers nearly twice the performance of last year’s A8X processor found in the iPad Air 2 and features a GPU that is twice as fast. However, we have to keep in mind that the GPU is also pushing quite a bit more pixels in the iPad Pro (the iPad Air 2 features a 2048x1536 display), so we’ll be eager to see what the actual CPU and GPU benchmarks look like once we get the tablet into our test lab. Apple iPad Pro Like the Surface Pro 3, the iPad Pro is available with fabric-covered keyboard cover, which Apple calls the "Smart Keyboard." And just like the Surface Pro 3, the Smart Keyboard is powered by the tablet using a proprietary, magnetic port. In the case of the iPad Pro, power comes from the Smart Connector (which takes the form of three small circles) on the side of the tablet. And wouldn’t you know it, the iPad Pro can also be equipped with an optional stylus; or as the folks from Cupertino call it, the "Apple Pencil." Thankfully, the Apple Pencil has its own built-in battery, which lasts 12 hours per charge. It features its own male Lightning connector under a protective cap, which allows you to plug it into your iPad Pro to recharge (we must say, it does look odd in when charging). However, Apple says that a 15-second charge is good for 30 minutes of runtime, so at least you won’t have to look at the awkward contraption for too long. Being that this is an iOS device, you immediately have access to the millions of iOS apps that flood the App Store, both geared towards general consumers and those in the professional market — although the mix is heavily skewed towards the former. But with the iPad Pro, Apple is hoping to court app developers to create more professional-level applications which make extensive use of the iPad Pro’s more powerful processor, expansive screen real estate and the new Apple Pencil. However, some feel that the very nature of the App Store will prevent many developers from taking the plunge.  The developers of Sketch, which make their app available on the Mac for designers at a cost of $99, simply can’t make a business case for producing a version of its popular software for the iPad Pro: We don’t have plans for an iPad pro version at the moment. Yes, it has a beautiful screen, but there’s more to consider, such as how to adapt the UI for touch without compromising the experience. But the biggest problem is the platform. Apps on iOS sell for unsustainably low prices due to the lack of trials. We cannot port Sketch to the iPad if we have no reasonable expectation of earning back on our investment.  Apple offers no way for developers to provide trial software to consumers and doesn’t allow a way for developers to enable upgrade pricing. The latter point means that devs either have to spend a lot of money and resources to create a substantial upgrade for an iOS app and offer it as a free update in the App Store (good for consumers, bad for developers) or just increment the version number and charge customers full price for a new version of the software (good for developers, but bad for customers). Charging customers full price for a new version of software isn’t all that much of an issue when an app costs $0.99 or $1.99, but it can be a big barrier to entry when the app costs $99 (like the Mac OS version of Sketch). Now this of course isn’t going to stop software heavyweights like Adobe from pouring resources into expensive, pro-level apps for the iPad Pro, but the indie developers that gained prominence with their $0.99 apps have a lot more to lose by taking a gamble.  The iPad Pro will launch in November with a starting price of $799 for a 32GB model with Wi-Fi. The next tier gives you 128GB of storage for $949, while a 128GB iPad Pro with Wi-Fi and cellular connectivity will set you back $1,079. The Apple Pencil is an optional accessory that costs $99. The Smart Keyboard will set you back another $169. But while the title bout will no doubt be between the inevitable Surface Pro 4 and the iPad Pro, which should be released to the public around the same time, there are also some other contenders that we’ll be keeping an eye on in the coming months. Lenovo announced its Ideapad MIIX 700 at IFA 2015 earlier this month. The convertible was swiftly labeled a Surface clone thanks to its adjustable kickstand, 12-inch display, and keyboard cover that attaches magnetically to the tablet. The MIIX 700 even has a stylus, which attaches to the tablet’s USB port when not in use -- the resemblance is uncanny. Lenovo ideapad MIIX 700 Powering the MIIX 700 is Intel’s Skylake-based Core m7 processor and 8GB of RAM. Prices start at $699, which puts Lenovo’s 2-in-1 right in the same ballpark as the Surface Pro 3 and the iPad Pro. There's also yet another “Surface Pro clone” in the incubator. Late last week, slides were leaked which indicate that Dell is set to launch a new 2-in-1 tablet in October. The XPS 12 will features a dazzling 12-inch 4K display (3840x2160), Thunderbolt 3 and a Dell Active Stylus. And like the iPad Pro, the Dell XPS 12 appears to have a smart keyboard that helps prop the tablet up into laptop mode. Unfortunately, we don’t have any pricing or additional specs on Dell’s potential game changer in the 2-in-market, but we’ll find out full details soon enough. Asus Transformer Book T300 Chi  Yet another option is the Asus Transformer Book T300 Chi, which brings a 12.5-inch display that matches the resolution of the Surface Pro 3. In its $899 configuration, the T300 Chi comes with a dual-core Intel Core M 5Y71 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 128GB SSD. And we can’t forget the Surface 3, which is smaller and less potent that in its pro-oriented brother. The Surface 3 comes with a 10.8-inch Full HD (1920x1200) display, Intel Atom x7 Z8700 processor, up to 4GB of RAM and up to 128GB of eMMC Flash storage. The 1.37-pound tablet last up to 10 hours on a charge and is priced from $499, making it a much cheaper alternative than the above mentioned tablets, although there is a steep drop-off in performance to consider as well. Microsoft definitely didn’t create the 2-in-1 market all by itself, but it definitely made things a lot more interesting with the first generation Surface Pro. And now that we have some incredibly powerful OEMs entering the fray with similar designs, we can expect to see highly competitive tablet 2-in-1 devices enter the market over the next few months. Tags:  Lenovo, Dell, Apple, Microsoft, tablet, (NASDAQ:AAPL), Surface Pro 3, (nasdaq:msft), ipad pro, surface pro 4 Via:  Hot Hardware Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15... Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1... Alienware 13 With OLED: Hands-On The... Samsung Unpacks Galaxy S7 And Galaxy S7... Qualcomm Unleashes Snapdragon 820 With... First Look Hands-On With ASUS ZenPad S... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Smartphones by Brittany Goetting — Thursday, April 06, 2017 Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Shrimp on the barbie? Try Apple on the barbie. The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) is suing Apple over “Error 53”, which bricked iPhones and iPads last year that were repaired by third-parties. The ACCC claims that the forced software bricking violated Australian consumer law. Last February, several iPhone 6 users received the “Error 53” message after trying to upgrade to iOS 9. The message effectively bricked the phones. It turns out that these users had repaired their screens and other components through "unauthorized" third-party service centers. iPhone 6 screen replacements are often sold as one complete unit and therefore affect the display panel, front glass, front camera, Home Button, and Touch ID. Apple originally claimed that the error had been issued in order to protect the phones from potentially fraudulent Touch ID components. The company claimed that only its specific service centers could revalidate Touch ID sensors, and that this task could not be completed by a third party. Apple later admitted that the error was actually a mistake and issued an updated version of iOS 9.2.1 specifically for iPhone users who saw the “Error 53” message. This update restored the bricked phones and removed the security checks. The ACCC has stepped up where the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California stepped down. Australian Consumer Law requires that products be “reasonably fit” for their intended purposes. The ACCC insists that “Error 53” violated this guarantee and Apple therefore must remedy the situation. Apple tends to either charge or turn away customers who have had third party repairs. The ACCC argue that “having a component of the Apple device serviced, repaired or replaced by someone other than Apple cannot, by itself, extinguish the consumer’s right to a remedy for non-compliance with the consumer guarantees.” Consumer’s rights in Australia also extend to software and software updates. Rod Sims, chairman of the ACCC, noted that the lawsuit challenges Apple’s policy. According to Sims, “It's fair to say we haven't observed similar behavior by other manufacturers. Apple seems to have a particular way of doing things.” The ACCC is currently suing Apple for $1.1 million AUD or $829,000 USD per breach. The court will decide if and how many times breaches occurred. Tags:  Apple, nasdaqaapl, error 53, australia consumer law, bricked Via:  Wall Street Journal Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Hands-On Demo... Google Assistant Makes Jump From Pixel... LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... Apple’s 10th Anniversary iPhone 8 With... Samsung Unpacks Galaxy S7 And Galaxy S7... Hands-On LG's V10 Dual Display... Asus ZenFone 2 Sneak Peek With Lollipop... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Smartphones by Brittany Goetting — Thursday, February 09, 2017 Apple’s 10th Anniversary iPhone 8 With OLED Display Could Top $1,000 Diamonds are the traditional tenth anniversary gift, but Apple reportedly has a little something different up its sleeve. Apple is planning on releasing a tenth anniversary iPhone 8 with an OLED display and it will likely cost upward of $1,000 USD. The 5.7-inch iPhone 8 (or iPhone X) will likely look quite different than its predecessors. It is believed that the iPhone 8 will be composed of stainless steel, instead of pricier aluminum. The back of the iPhone 8 may also be made of glass instead of metal (like its iPhone 4 and iPhone 4s predecessors). Apple has been working to remove the physical Home button and relocate it underneath the display surface. There is even a slight chance that Apple will remove the side buttons on the iPhone and replace them with touch-sensitive inlays in the metal. It is also possible that there will be a 4.7-inch model (iPhone 7s) and a 5.5-inch model ( iPhone 7s Plus). The biggest rumor is that the iPhone 8 will feature an OLED display. Apple has been gobbling up as much capacity from available OLED manufacturers as possible in preperation. Samsung and a handful of other Asian upstarts are currently the only manufacturers who produce OLED displays. The iPhone 8 would receive the OLED display, however,  the smaller-screened phones would be stuck with LCD displays. Apple has also allegedly been working with Lumentum on 3D sensing technology, but it is currently unclear how this technology would be applied. Some believe that the technology would be used for facial recognition, while others surmise that it would be use to improve the effective resolution of the the dual lens camera. Intel’s 7480 LTE modems might be incorporated into some of the iPhones, while others may include modems from Qualcomm. Also expect to see a larger battery compared to current generation iPhones. Production for the iPhone 8 will likely begin this spring, while the announcement will come in the autumn. Tags:  Apple, (NASDAQ:AAPL), iphone 8 Via:  Fast Company Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES IN MOBILE Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over... Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Hands-On Demo... Google Assistant Makes Jump From Pixel... LG G6 Hands-On Preview: Compact And... Samsung Unpacks Galaxy S7 And Galaxy S7... Hands-On LG's V10 Dual Display... Asus ZenFone 2 Sneak Peek With Lollipop... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple claims exploding Beats headphones ‘not our fault’ Chris Mills BGR News May 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Exploding electronics are a, uh, hot topic lately. Between the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 recall and an epidemic of exploding hoverboards, people are more aware than ever that things with batteries go up in flames occasionally. So for Apple, being associated with any fire is a bad thing. In the case of a woman whose Beats heaphones exploded on a plane, Apple is going to pains to point out that it’s not Apple’s fault. Don't Miss: You won’t have to wait until November to buy Apple’s next-gen iPhone 8 As the Australian Associated Press reports, a woman from Adelaide was on a flight from Beijing to Melbourne earlier this year when her Beats headphones exploded. She was napping on the flight, but was awoken “by the sound of an explosion and a burning sensation on her face.” That model of Beats headphones reportedly used AAA battery cells, which are not supplied with the headphones. Apple claims that its investigation shows the third-party batteries were at fault, but the woman who was burned alleges that since there were no instructions on what brand of battery to use, Apple should bear some responsibility. “The headphones don’t work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones – or their packaging – did it specify which brand of batteries should be used,” she told the AP. With no more information, it’s difficult to second-guess Apple’s position here. But more important than apportioning blame for this specific incident is how hard Apple appears to be pushing back. In this kind of situation, it’s more common for a company to express regret, and maybe come to some kind of quiet settlement. But with exploding batteries such a big deal these days, Apple doesn’t even want the appearance of a mistake. Trending right now: You won’t have to wait until November to buy Apple’s next-gen iPhone 8 The hottest new Nintendo Switch game that isn’t Mario Kart is $20 off on Amazon Russian spaceflight director thinks Elon Musk is out of his mind See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Android O: Google tries to fix Android's biggest weakness Yahoo Tech Scientists hunt down super rare T. Rex ant and are shocked at what they find BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Why leaked NSA hacking tools are not like stolen Tomahawk missiles Yahoo Tech Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Tech The simple reason so many companies were hit by the WannaCry 2.0 ransomware Yahoo Tech Google Home's mastermind has no intention of losing to Amazon Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Tech How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Tech How Gogo will transform your Wi-Fi experience in the sky Yahoo Tech NASA just discovered a bizarre ‘bubble’ around Earth, and humans accidentally created it BGR News Why Hulu with Live TV and other streaming TV services are worth the money Yahoo Tech Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Why investors are paying huge premiums for enormous tech companies Yahoo Tech Android O’s most exciting new feature is a total game-changer BGR News Microsoft Surface Laptop hands-on: Taking on Apple Yahoo Tech These are the tech industry's 2 biggest concerns about Trump Yahoo Tech
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The smaller iPad Pro should be coming next month Chris Smith BGR News May 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple is planning to launch a third iPad Pro size shortly, and more reports indicate the 10.5-inch model will arrive at WWDC 2017 next month. Apple is expected to introduce a variety of gadgets at the developers show, including the 10.5-inch iPad Pro but also new laptops and a Siri speaker that would compete against Amazon Echo and Google Home. A new story out of Asia seems to indicate the resized iPad Pro might really be in the cards for a June launch, as Apple is ramping up production. Don't Miss: Tim Cook spotted with a blood-monitoring Apple Watch prototype According to Digitimes’ supply chain sources, Apple has been ramping up production for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. The monthly shipment volume is expected to grow to 600,000 units in July, up from the current 500,000 units mark. Apple started mass-producing the new tablet in March or April. Apple is expected to ship between 5 million and 6 million 10.5-inch iPad Pro tablets this year. Worldwide tablet shipments were at 8.74 million in the March quarter, and the 10.5-inch iPad Pro could help drive demand for tablets this quarter, with overall tablet shipments tipped to reach 8.9 million units. The report notes that Apple’s newly launched 9.7-inch iPad is becoming more popular with buyers with demand expected to pick up strongly towards the end of the second quarter. Apple is expected to ship over four million units per month in June and July. Digitimes also notes that sources from the supply chain reported that Apple’s new iPad will accelerate Apple’s plans to phase out the iPad mini 4. BGR exclusively reported a few days ago that Apple plans to discontinue its smallest tablet. A 12.9-inch iPad Pro refresh is also in the cards for this year, although it’s not clear when it’ll hit production. Apple is expected to launch it at some point in the third quarter. Trending right now: You won’t have to wait until November to buy Apple’s next-gen iPhone 8 Security researchers have a fix for victims of the ‘WannaCry’ ransomware Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Android O: Google tries to fix Android's biggest weakness Yahoo Tech Scientists hunt down super rare T. Rex ant and are shocked at what they find BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Why leaked NSA hacking tools are not like stolen Tomahawk missiles Yahoo Tech ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Tech Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech The simple reason so many companies were hit by the WannaCry 2.0 ransomware Yahoo Tech How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Tech Google Home's mastermind has no intention of losing to Amazon Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Tech How Gogo will transform your Wi-Fi experience in the sky Yahoo Tech Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech NASA just discovered a bizarre ‘bubble’ around Earth, and humans accidentally created it BGR News Why Hulu with Live TV and other streaming TV services are worth the money Yahoo Tech Why investors are paying huge premiums for enormous tech companies Yahoo Tech These are the tech industry's 2 biggest concerns about Trump Yahoo Tech Android O’s most exciting new feature is a total game-changer BGR News Microsoft Surface Laptop hands-on: Taking on Apple Yahoo Tech
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions 3 hours ago Teramind brings its Data Loss Prevention solution to Nerdio's IT-as-a-Service platform 5 hours ago Star Citizen hits $150 million in crowd funding 14 hours ago Interview: A chat with Unbabel's CEO about AI-powered, human-refined translation 15 hours ago View all recent news CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions 3 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights May 20, 2017 New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' May 20, 2017 Linux distros won't work on Microsoft's new Windows 10 S May 20, 2017 View all Microsoft news 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights May 20, 2017 Google renames Android Device Manager as 'Find My Device' May 18, 2017 Google Home is coming to five new markets, including France, Canada and Australia May 18, 2017 Android makes further inroads in forthcoming Audi and Volvo vehicles May 18, 2017 View all Google news 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights May 20, 2017 Microsoft Sway update for iOS adds improved navigation, preview and more May 19, 2017 Microsoft Planner app now available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch May 19, 2017 Microsoft releases new Outlook for Mac Insider Preview to Fast ring May 19, 2017 View all Apple news Snipaste 1.13.2 10 hours ago Ares 2.4.5 13 hours ago Website Realizer 2.0.1 23 hours ago VMware Workstation Pro 12.5.6 May 19, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget May 9, 2017 NOMU S30 review: A rugged smartphone that won't put a huge dent in your hip pocket Apr 24, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet May 19, 2017 WannaCry decryption tools released, but it's not good news for everyone May 20, 2017 Star Citizen hits $150 million in crowd funding 14 hours ago CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions 3 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack for just $17.99 May 19, 2017 Get this Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle (CISA, CISM, & CISSP) for just $69 May 18, 2017 Get The Crash Course Coding Bundle for just $39 (98% off) via Neowin Deals May 17, 2017 Get Disconnect: Lifetime Premium Subscription for just $49 (90% off) via Neowin Deals May 16, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ 7 Days: A week of Surface Pro pics, Windows 10 updates, and Android delights By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · May 20, 2017 with 0 comments 7 Days is a weekly roundup of the Editors' picks of what's been happening in the world of technology - written with a dash of humor, a hint of exasperation, and an endless supply of (Irish) coffee. After the excitement of Microsoft’s Build 2017 developer conference last week, there was barely time to catch our breaths before the buzz of Google’s I/O dev event this week. There were all sorts of announcements from I/O this week, and no shortage of other news from elsewhere in the tech world too. Don’t worry about having missed anything though, for 7 Days is here once more to walk you through the week’s top tech news. Our journey across the tech world begins this week with Netflix, which is now blocking installations of its app on Android devices that have been rooted. Meanwhile, the entertainment giant introduced new Dolby Vision content support for LG's Android flagship, the G6. It's been a busy few days for Netflix; last weekend, it temporarily increased all of its prices in Australia to gauge reactions from consumers - and predictably, they reacted with confusion and outrage. But in happier news, Netflix is also adapting popular gaming and book series The Witcher as a TV show - good news for fans of the franchise! Messaging app Telegram has been busy too. Earlier in the week, it updated its desktop app on Windows, Mac and Linux, adding support for voice calls. A few days later, it released a major update for its mobile app on iOS and Android, adding multiple new features, including video messages, and bot payment support. On Wednesday, chipmaker AMD announced its new line of powerful desktop-class 'Threadripper' CPUs, with 16 cores and 32 threads. Nvidia launched its affordable new GeForce GT 1030 graphics cards. Designed primarily for e-sports gamers, the new GPUs are priced as low as $69.99 with 2GB GDDR5 video memory. Another one bites the dust: ExtraTorrent, the world's second largest torrent indexing site, became the latest to permanently shut down. Amazon refreshed its line-up of tablets, running its Android-forked Fire OS. The updated range includes a tweaked Fire 7 tablet, a lower price for the Fire HD 8, and a new Fire HD 8 Kids Edition. Many of the week's biggest announcements came from the Google I/O developer conference in Mountain View, California, where the company revealed that Android is now installed on over 2 billion monthly active phones and tablets, in addition to the many other devices that run its Android OS. Google also released Android Studio 3.0 Canary 1, an early preview of the next version of its integrated development environment, bringing a wide variety of new features and enhancements. And after beginning live testing in January of Android Instant Apps - which allows users to run apps without installing them on their devices - Google announced that it has now opened up that functionality to all developers. Google revealed several new features and updates for its Play Console too, allowing developers to improve their app performance and marketing techniques, while helping them to maximize their reach. Security issues remain a concern for many Android users - but Google is hoping to reassure them with Google Play Protect, its "more visible and accessible" security tools on Android devices. It's also renamed its Android Device Manager as 'Find My Device', as part of the Google Play Protect suite. Google launched its Android O Beta Program on Wednesday - but only for a handful of supported devices. Android O is the current moniker - which will eventually be replaced with a more delicious designation - for the next major version of the OS. The company said that Android O will bring big improvements in boot time, app performance, and device battery life. In addition to those benefits, Android O will also usher in Android Go, a new edition of the OS designed for low-cost, lower-end devices with modest specs. Android Go - and all first-party apps that run on it - will be optimized to run on handsets with as little as 512MB of RAM. While Google is focusing on the next version of Android, many devices still haven't received its last major update. Android 7.0 Nougat continued to slowly make its way to more handsets this week: Unlocked LG G5 in the United States HTC One M9 on AT&T Samsung Galaxy A5 (2016) and Galaxy A7 (2016) in India Samsung is pushing ahead with its efforts to sell refurbished models of its failed Galaxy Note7 flagship, which was globally recalled following a series of battery fires last year. The device is expected to be made available again under a new name: the Galaxy Note FE. On Tuesday, HTC unveiled its new flagship phone, just two months after its last flagship went on sale. The U 11's key selling point is the ability to 'squeeze' it to activate apps and features, through sensors embedded in the sides of the device. That could prove to be little more than a silly gimmick, but the $649 handset still has plenty to offer, including the latest Snapdragon 835 processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB storage, and IP67 dust- and water-resistance. Oddly, less than 24 hours after its announcement, HTC began offering $50 off the U 11's price. Lenovo unveiled two new devices at the other end of the smartphone market. The Moto C and Moto C Plus are low-cost devices with some decent specs, including a whopping 4000mAh battery on the larger Plus model. An image also leaked of Lenovo's new high-end Moto Z2 handset. Lenovo revealed several Windows 10 devices too, including new IdeaPad notebooks, the Flex 5 convertible, and a new Legion-branded gaming laptop, which packs an Intel K-series processor. Lenovo and HTC were officially revealed as the two launch manufacturers for new untethered, standalone virtual reality headsets for Google's Daydream VR platform. Qualcomm is also working with Google to produce a reference design for other manufacturers to base their headsets on. Google is boosting its image recognition capabilities through a new tool harnessing its Knowledge Graph, known as Google Lens. And Google also revealed that its digital Assistant is now available on over 100 million devices. That number is set to increase, as Google announced that its Assistant is now available on iPhones - but only in the United States, for now. iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users can now get the new Microsoft Planner app on their devices. Planner originally launched for Office 365 last year, and is coming to Android and Windows 10 devices too. Microsoft updated its Sway app for iOS too, with improved navigation, better preview support, and more. Apple is reportedly planning to phase out the iPad mini, as it's no longer considered to offer sufficient differentiation between the largest iPhone and the smallest 'full-size' iPad. Rumors also suggest that Apple will soon announce a new iPad with a 10.5-inch display squeezed into the same form factor as the 9.7-inch model, thanks to much slimmer bezels. The new iPad is expected to be announced at Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference next month - and that's not all. Apple will reportedly refresh its entire MacBook range, also debuting the new models at WWDC in June. On Monday, Apple released iOS 10.3.2, macOS 10.12.5 Sierra, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 to all users, bringing a range of security updates, bug fixes, and stability improvements. A day later, it rolled out the first Developer Beta builds of iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3, and tvOS 10.2.2. As part of its macOS 10.12.5 update, Apple added new support for the recently-released Windows 10 Creators Update to Boot Camp. macOS 10.12.5 finally introduces support for 'media-free installation' of the Creators Update. Last week, a massive ransomware attack struck dozens of countries across the globe, causing chaos for consumers, companies, and other organizations, including the UK's National Health Service. Many NHS centers and hospitals were locked out of patients' records as a result of the attack, and some treatments and operations even had to be postponed or cancelled. Over the past week, the situation has developed further: Microsoft patches Windows 8, XP, and Server 2003 to combat 'WannaCry' ransomware attack Report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; Windows XP user count said to be 'insignificant' Hundreds of thousands of PCs affected in China WannaCry decryption tools released, but it's not good news for everyone Speculation of North Korean link to WannaCry Hacker group that published WannaCry exploit threatens release of more tools in June Earlier this week, Microsoft President Brad Smith said that 'stockpiling' of hacking tools by governments was partly to blame for the WannaCry attack. Meanwhile, the US Department of Defense said that it expects its migration to Windows 10 to be completed by the end of this year. The DoD originally announced it plans to upgrade 4 million devices to Windows 10 in February 2016, and - somewhat ambitiously - said that it would be completed within twelve months of that announcement, but those plans are clearly running behind schedule. On Wednesday, Microsoft rolled out Windows 10 Insider Preview build 16199 to the Fast ring. The new preview is the latest from the Redstone 3 development branch, which will eventually be released as the Fall Creators Update, and brings several new features and other improvements to the OS. As always, the new build also includes various bug fixes, and some known issues to be aware of. In its announcement of build 16199, Microsoft inadvertently included an image - which it later deleted - that showed a previously-unseen Settings icon on the taskbar. It later emerged that that icon is the toggle for a new Windows 10 'Control Center', which will be the new home for the Quick Action buttons that are currently located in the Action Center. Microsoft also announced a range of new and improved accessibility features coming to Windows 10 in the Fall Creators Update, including enhanced braille support, new filters for color-blind users, new Magnifier features, Learning Tools in the Edge browser, and more. And in another important announcement, Microsoft revealed that customers who purchase a Windows 10 S device, and who require assistive technologies to use their PCs, will be entitled to a free upgrade to Windows 10 Pro. That upgrade will enable them to install apps not available from the Windows Store - a feature that isn't available in the new Windows 10 S edition. Microsoft also released a new Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview, build 15215, which-- --HUH. Sorry about that. ...a new Windows 10 Mobile build which brings some utterly thrilling fixes for a handful of issues. Microsoft barely mentioned Windows phones at its Build 2017 dev conference, and after the company split development of Windows 10 Mobile away from the main Windows 10 development branch - for the first time since it launched in 2015 - it raised some serious questions about its commitment to its mobile operating system. Microsoft's Joe Belfiore said this week: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone." But the level of its support for Windows phones remains frustratingly unclear. Windows 10 Mobile is now officially supported on just 13 handsets, and with so few users, there appears to be little incentive for Microsoft to pour resources into developing major new features for it. While some previously-promised features are likely to arrive as part of the Fall Creators Update - albeit under the splintered 'feature2' development branch - 'the company's longer-term 'support' for the OS remains in doubt. Just a few days after Belfiore made that comment, Microsoft removed half of the Windows phones listed on its Store in the US, leaving just seven devices available to purchase. A sad, but telling, sign of the level of public support for Windows 10 Mobile came on Tuesday, when WhartonBrooks' new Windows phone, the Cerulean Moment, failed to meet its crowdfunding campaign to help launch the device. WhartonBrooks said that the device was designed "for the fans", and its campaign aimed to raise $1.1 million, but ended with just $29,793, or 3% of its target. Next week, Microsoft will be hosting an event in Shanghai, China, where it's promised to "show the world what's next". But the surprise was apparently ruined on Thursday, when images of the company's new Windows 10 device were leaked. Microsoft had been widely expected to unveil its new Surface Pro 5 at the event, and rumors suggested that it would be a fairly modest evolution of its predecessor. But the leaked pictures show a device that's virtually identical to the current model. The new device will reportedly be known simply as the 'Surface Pro', and despite its similarity to the Pro 4, it will have some upgraded specs, including Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors. Microsoft added fifteen new companies to the list of those who can sell its Surface Hub in the UK, following "huge demand" for the touchscreen collaboration device among British organizations. Microsoft also launched its free Rewards program in the UK, offering members the ability to collect points from store purchases, Bing web searches, and surfing the web with its Edge browser, in exchange for freebies. As in recent years, Microsoft is following up on its recent Build 2017 dev conference with a series of two-day developer events in India, China, Poland, and four other countries, where it will offer demos, hackathons, and the opportunity to try out HoloLens and Mixed Reality devices. A listing on the Windows Store indicated that, along with Spotify and iTunes, the WhatsApp desktop client is also coming to the Store. However, users of the Yahoo Mail app on Windows 10 have received notifications informing them that the app "will stop working after May 22", and directing them to check their email instead "in any web browser". On Thursday, Microsoft announced a major redesign for its OneNote app across all platforms. The new look had already rolled out to iOS earlier in the week. This summer, Microsoft will introduce a new file sharing experience for OneDrive. The company also highlighted new features that will be making their way to Office 365 customers utilizing SharePoint. On Friday, Microsoft quietly added support for Expiring Links to OneDrive for users with an Office 365 subscription. The feature - which allows users to set an expiration time for any shared link - was previously available in OneDrive for Business. Microsoft launched new features for its Bing search engine, including bots on the search page, e-sports coverage, and search optimizations for hiking and camping locations. On Tuesday, Microsoft released its latest update, Version 1705, for the Xbox One and Xbox One S, including new Arena features, Party Overlay updates, and more. Microsoft is offering up to 75% off Backward Compatible Xbox 360 games playable on the Xbox One in its Super Sale, which is due to end on May 22. And until May 21, Microsoft is additionally offering free multiplayer gaming for all Xbox Live members - a perk usually limited to Xbox Live Gold subscribers. On top of that, it's also allowing Xbox One owners to play Minecraft for free this weekend. Phantom Dust, the classic Xbox game from 2005, is now available on Xbox One and Windows 10 as an Xbox Play Anywhere title with a range of improvements - and it's totally free. South Park: The Fractured But Whole was originally due to launch on Xbox One, PS4 and PC on December 6, before it was postponed until Q1 2017, and then delayed again earlier this year. But the new game is due to finally launch on October 17. The first gameplay footage of Destiny 2 was revealed this week - but its developers also announced that the PC version will be exclusive to Battle.net. If you were hoping to get a glimpse of Halo 6 at the E3 gaming expo, prepare for disappointment. Microsoft's 343 Industries said that it won't reveal the next game in the franchise there, but added that it will "have a little something at E3" for Halo fans... Nintendo's new Switch console has been a stunning success since it launched in March, and it hasn't lost its momentum yet. In fact, it was the top-selling console in the United States last month. Half-Life fans: rejoice! No, it's not the long-awaited (and totally imaginary) Half-Life 3, but for Oculus Rift and HTC Vive owners, its the next best thing. A modding project is working to bring support for Half-Life 2 to the two virtual reality headsets. Look out for those headcrabs! Our journey this week is nearing its end, but before we reach our final destination, I wanted to share this with you: a developer has created a working hologram concept for Cortana, using the Windows 10 version of the digital assistant, and custom animations developed through Kinect motion capture. I don't know about you, but I love seeing what imaginative and skilled developers can do with their passion and determination, and I think this is just awesome. But our odyssey across the tech world approaches its final destination in the hands of Air New Zealand, which is testing Microsoft's HoloLens headset with custom software that displays information about passengers, including drinks preferences, travel itineraries, food allergies, and even their emotional state. There's no denying that the headset looks a bit... out of place on the flight attendant in the video that the airline released, but I think it's fascinating to see how companies are exploring the use of mixed reality to potentially transform the ways that they do business. For now, I'm heading off to the arrivals lounge for a Bloody Mary - but please sit back, relax, and enjoy some of this week's bonus content below... Bonus content Before we wrap things up for another week, let me first highlight a few extra bits around the site that I hope you’ll enjoy reading. Christopher White published his detailed review of the sleek Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon X1. The premium Windows 10 Ultrabook has a superb keyboard (as you'd expect from the ThinkPad line), along with top-notch battery life, and an impressive fingerprint sensor. It's not quite perfect though... Rich Woods went hands-on at Build 2017 with the Kodisoft IRT Table, an interactive table designed for restaurants (!), running Windows 10. Check out Rich's video - it's definitely worth a watch! I got my paws on the new Windows 10 wearable device from TrekStor. Manufactured by Askey, the device runs Windows 10 IoT Core, and is designed for business scenarios, which is why it's not exactly a looker. Get more info on the device here, including a gallery and a video of the interface. And finally, Rich and I toured the Hub at Build 2017 visiting some of Microsoft's stands and those of its partners - check out our video from the show floor here... and be sure to let Rich know just how cool those Skype sunglasses really are! Stay tuned to Neowin in the days ahead for what’s sure to be another exciting week, filled with official news, lots of updates, and plenty of insights from around the world of technology. For now, though, there’s lots more to read across the site – including all sorts of interesting discussions over on our forums. From all of us on the Neowin team, have a great weekend! Tags 7 days Microsoft Windows 10 Windows 10 mobile Windows 10 s Fall creators update Creators update Netflix Nvidia Google Android Android o Android go Htc Lenovo Apple Ipad mini Macbook Wannacry Surface pro Build 2017 Onenote Xbox one Nintendo switch Gaming Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' Next Story Interview: A chat with Unbabel's CEO about AI-powered, human-refined translation Community Activity Refresh 169.254 DHCP problem on WIFI in Internet, Network & Security CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions in Front Page News Upgrade advice in Hardware Hangout Google's Android O Beta Program is now live for supported devices in Front Page News Moving forward, the Store will be the way for Windows 10 users to get Office in Front Page News Scorpio offical reveal incoming, along with 4K Forza, RDR2 and Battlefront. in Microsoft Console (Xbox) NASA Orion crew exploration vehicle (updates) in Science Discussion & News New report indicates almost all WannaCry victims were on Windows 7; XP count 'insignificant' in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet May 19, 2017 with 55 comments WannaCry decryption tools released, but it's not good news for everyone May 19, 2017 with 3 comments Star Citizen hits $150 million in crowd funding 14 hours ago with 12 comments CIA-created spyware called Athena released by WikiLeaks, targets all major Windows versions 3 hours ago with 9 comments Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Building, prolonged creativity, and Azure skies May 13, 2017 Microsoft releases an Azure app for iOS and Android May 10, 2017 7 Days: A week of Surface excitement, new Windows, and dead phones May 6, 2017 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of Microsoft money, the wane of Windows phones, and fake 5G Apr 29, 2017 · Hot! Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack $100.00 $17.99 82% off Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off The Ultimate Python Coding Bundle $428.24 $10.00 98% off Infinity VPN $499.99 $45.00 91% off review Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review galaxy review Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget moto g5 Microsoft's Joe Belfiore: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone" windows 10 mobile mile-high mixed reality Air New Zealand trials HoloLens to help improve onboard service hololens "no such thing as a Surface Pro 5" This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet surface pro another busy week... Catch up on the week's top tech news, with our handy roundup! 7 days VIDEO Andy and Rich tour the Hub at Microsoft Build 2017 build 2017 Android O Beta Program goes live android o Microsoft working on new file-sharing interface for OneDrive onedrive Microsoft offers free upgrade from Windows 10 S to Pro for assistive tech users windows 10 s Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
  Create an account | Login: | Lost password AfterDawn | News | Guides | Software downloads | Tech Support | Forums | HIGH.FI Home News News search Recent headlines | Google brought Google Assistant to iPhone AfterDawn > News > Next Apple Watch to have a new type of health sensor? Next Apple Watch to have a new type of health sensor? Written by Matti Vähäkainu (Google+) @ 19 May 2017 19:29 Many Apple fans are probably already waiting for the upcoming iPhones that will be introduces in early September, if previous years are any indication. However, Apple has a lot more in store in terms of services and products. Apple Watch hasn't been as relevant in recent history as it was when it first launched but the company is working on a major update. CEO Tim Cook has been seen wearing a new type of sensor added to a Apple Watch, CNBC reports. Ever since unveiling the first Apple Watch with a heart rate sensor, the Cupertino giant has been more interested in health applications in both software and hardware. The upcoming new version could bring an even more important health related sensor. The sensor is said to monitor glucose levels continuously without invasive measures. This "holy grail" of blood sugar tracking would be a huge help to people suffering from diabetes. Because the measurements are not necessary for the larger population it might be an external accessory. Apple hasn't usually released new Apple Watches in its developer conference in June and it is unlikely this years WWDC is any different but with an update to watchOS we might get some indication if Apple is indeed going to add this function to their smartwatches. Tweet Tags: Apple Watch Sensor Apple <Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian Assange >Google brought Google Assistant to iPhone Previous Next Write a comment Comment this article Create a new account or log in Latest news Google brought Google Assistant to iPhone (20 May 2017 13:41) Google has been focusing a lot lately on artificial intelligence and its applications. Obviously one of the bigger steps forward in that area was the new Google Assistant that was unveiled last fall. .... Next Apple Watch to have a new type of health sensor? (19 May 2017 19:29) Many Apple fans are probably already waiting for the upcoming iPhones that will be introduces in early September, if previous years are any indication. However, Apple has a lot more in store .... Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian Assange (19 May 2017 5:47) Swedish prosecutors released a statement today saying that they will drop the preliminary investigation against WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange. "Chief prosecutor Marianne Ny has today .... 10 user comments The Witcher coming to Netflix (17 May 2017 12:00) The fantasy book series written by Andrzej Sapkowski became a huge success in the world of video games in 2007 when the first Witcher game was released. Now after a decade of The Witcher games .... 1 user comment HTC's new flagship smartphone senses pressure, tops camera benchmark (16 May 2017 13:31) HTC has unveiled today their newest flagship smartphone. The U11 is a top tier smartphone that comes with a proprietary pressure sensing technology that differentiates itself from the likes .... Latest user comments Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian AssangeKillerBug @ 20 May 2017 11:13 Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian AssangeBozobub @ 20 May 2017 0:06 Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian AssangeSophocles @ 19 May 2017 22:07 Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian AssangeSophocles @ 19 May 2017 21:52 Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian Assangebaldy43 @ 19 May 2017 21:30 Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian AssangeObi_ @ 19 May 2017 21:21 Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian AssangeSophocles @ 19 May 2017 16:24 Sweden drops charges against WikiLeaks' founder, Julian Assangetriviaace @ 19 May 2017 12:46 Show more user comments News archive - Choose a month - May, 2017 April, 2017 March, 2017 February, 2017 January, 2017 December, 2016 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 July, 2016 June, 2016 May, 2016 April, 2016 March, 2016 February, 2016 January, 2016 December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015 December, 2014 November, 2014 October, 2014 September, 2014 August, 2014 July, 2014 June, 2014 May, 2014 April, 2014 March, 2014 February, 2014 January, 2014 December, 2013 November, 2013 October, 2013 September, 2013 August, 2013 July, 2013 June, 2013 May, 2013 April, 2013 March, 2013 February, 2013 January, 2013 December, 2012 November, 2012 October, 2012 September, 2012 August, 2012 July, 2012 June, 2012 May, 2012 April, 2012 March, 2012 February, 2012 January, 2012 December, 2011 November, 2011 October, 2011 September, 2011 August, 2011 July, 2011 June, 2011 May, 2011 April, 2011 March, 2011 February, 2011 January, 2011 December, 2010 November, 2010 October, 2010 September, 2010 August, 2010 July, 2010 June, 2010 May, 2010 April, 2010 March, 2010 February, 2010 January, 2010 December, 2009 November, 2009 October, 2009 September, 2009 August, 2009 July, 2009 June, 2009 May, 2009 April, 2009 March, 2009 February, 2009 January, 2009 December, 2008 November, 2008 October, 2008 September, 2008 August, 2008 July, 2008 June, 2008 May, 2008 April, 2008 March, 2008 February, 2008 January, 2008 December, 2007 November, 2007 October, 2007 September, 2007 August, 2007 July, 2007 June, 2007 May, 2007 April, 2007 March, 2007 February, 2007 January, 2007 December, 2006 November, 2006 October, 2006 September, 2006 August, 2006 July, 2006 June, 2006 May, 2006 April, 2006 March, 2006 February, 2006 January, 2006 December, 2005 November, 2005 October, 2005 September, 2005 August, 2005 July, 2005 June, 2005 May, 2005 April, 2005 March, 2005 February, 2005 January, 2005 December, 2004 November, 2004 October, 2004 September, 2004 August, 2004 July, 2004 June, 2004 May, 2004 April, 2004 March, 2004 February, 2004 January, 2004 December, 2003 November, 2003 October, 2003 September, 2003 August, 2003 July, 2003 June, 2003 May, 2003 April, 2003 March, 2003 February, 2003 January, 2003 December, 2002 November, 2002 October, 2002 September, 2002 August, 2002 July, 2002 June, 2002 May, 2002 April, 2002 March, 2002 February, 2002 January, 2002 December, 2001 November, 2001 October, 2001 September, 2001 August, 2001 July, 2001 June, 2001 May, 2001 April, 2001 March, 2001 February, 2001 January, 2001 December, 2000 November, 2000 October, 2000 September, 2000 August, 2000 July, 2000 June, 2000 May, 2000 April, 2000 March, 2000 February, 2000 January, 2000 December, 1999 November, 1999 October, 1999 September, 1999 August, 1999 July, 1999 June, 1999 Subscribe Latest news via RSS Add to your Google homepage Add to My Yahoo! Add to MyMSN Add to Netvibes About us Advertising / Media kit Feedback Privacy policy & Terms of Use Sections: Tech News Guides and Tutorials Software Downloads Top Downloads Forums Glossary Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds: Latest News Software Updates © 1999-2017 AfterDawn Oy. All rights reserved Back to Top ⇧
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Apple Blames Exploding Beats Headphones Incident On Third-Party Batteries International Business Times Denisse Moreno 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Japan’s cabinet approves bill to let Emperor Akihito abdicate Theresa May: 'I'm not abandoning Thatcherism' © Provided by IBT US Apple has blamed third-party batteries for an explosion of Beats By Dre headphones that burned a woman’s face while she was sleeping on a flight in February, according to the Australian Associated Press. The Australian woman, who asked not to be identified, was traveling from Beijing to Melbourne, Australia when she woke up two hours into the flight to the sound of her headphones exploding and a burning sensation. The woman’s face, hands and hair were burned during the incident. She was looking to get reimbursement for her headphones and ruined clothing, but Apple said the incident was not due to product defects. "Our investigation indicated the issue was caused by a third-party battery," the Cupertino company said in a statement shared by the woman's lawyers. The woman said she bought the batteries in Australia. "The headphones don't work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones - or their packaging - did it specify which brand of batteries should be used," she said. The battery and cover of the headphones were melted and stuck on the floor of the airplane. “I continued to feel burning so I grabbed them off and threw them on the floor. They were sparking and had small amounts of fire," the woman said back in February. "As I went to stamp my foot on them the flight attendants were already there with a bucket of water to pour on them. They put them into the bucket at the rear of the plane.” The incident sparked chaos among passengers traveling on the aircraft. The smell of melted plastic, burnt electronics and burnt hair filled the airplane, with people “coughing and choking the entire way home.” After the incident, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) reminded travelers of safety precautions when using battery-powered devices. The Bureau recommended: - Batteries should be kept in an approved stowage, unless in use - Spare batteries must be in your carry-on baggage NOT checked baggage - If a passenger’s smartphone or other device has fallen into the seat gap, locate their device before moving powered seat. - If a passenger cannot locate their device, they should refrain from moving their seat and immediately contact a cabin crew member. Apple’s blame on third-party batteries comes after Samsung Galaxy Note 7 devices were globally recalled last year after the phones were found to cause battery fires. The Galaxy Note 7 failure cost Samsung $5.3 billion in operating profit. In October 2016, a Galaxy Note 7 replacement burst into flames on a Southwest Airlines flight. After the incident, the devices were banned from all U.S. aircrafts by the U.S. Department of Transportation, with the Federal Aviation Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. Regulators said passengers with the Note 7 would be denied boarding a flight, and could face fines and even criminal prosecution if they were found to have violated the ban. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from International Business Times How your iPhone is making you lonely International Business Times Destiny 2: 7 big reveals not shown in gameplay steam International Business Times How to decrypt your files if you've been hit by WannaCry International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Login All Reviews Editorials News Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Tips iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen Podcasts Trusting Siri, Apple's Diabetes Wristband - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-19 Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping The Cloud Is a Lie Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac View All Editorials → Stevie Wonder Plays Apple’s Beer Bash, Here’s Tim Cook’s Tweet Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 1 minute read May 19th, 2017 5:54 PM EDT | Cool Stuff Found Apple brought Stevie Wonder in to play the company’s Beer Bash this week, and Apple CEO Tim Cook tweeted an image of him hugging the artist onstage. The concert capped a week of activities highlighting Global Accessibility Awareness Day. Mr. Wonder, who is blind, has long endorsed Apple because of the company’s extensive accessibility features in macOS and iOS. Apple often brings in big names for its Beer Bash, a long tradition for the company. This is likely to be of the Beer Bashes is held at Infinite Loop, as the company begins moving into Apple Park in the next few weeks. 9to5Mac rounded up some additional tweeted imaged from the event. Thank you to the incomparable Stevie Wonder for lifting hearts and celebrating accessibility with us! #GAAD pic.twitter.com/WvePkgte5R — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) May 19, 2017 Check It Out: Stevie Wonder Plays Apple’s Beer Bash, Here’s Tim Cook’s Tweet Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Apple Park, Beer Bash, Global Accessibility Awareness Day, Infinite Loop, Stevie Wonder, Tim Cook You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay The Cloud Is a Lie - Page 2 of 3 MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac 2 Comments Add a comment Steven Strell May 19, 2017 Beer Bashes aren’t annual. They have them every other Friday, usually. This appears to be a special one they had on Thursday for GAAD. May 19, 2017 at 7:08 EDT PM Bryan Chaffin May 19, 2017 Thanks, Steven! I corrected the piece and appreciate your note. May 19, 2017 at 7:23 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac John Martellaro | May 19, 2017 Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping Bryan Chaffin | May 18, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $152.96 +0.42 (0.28%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Ford CarPlay is Here for 2016 Models Via Software Update Apple Increasing 10.5-inch iPad Pro Production Ahead of Launch Recent Tips See All » iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Recent Editorials See All » A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? Amazon Charts for Kindle List Which Books People Are Actually Reading The Cloud Is a Lie 17401 Bryan Chaffin cool-stuff-found 2 1495216474 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Accessories Apple claims exploding Beats headphones ‘not our fault’ Chris Mills @chrisfmills May 19th, 2017 at 10:02 PM Share Tweet Exploding electronics are a, uh, hot topic lately. Between the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 recall and an epidemic of exploding hoverboards, people are more aware than ever that things with batteries go up in flames occasionally. So for Apple, being associated with any fire is a bad thing. In the case of a woman whose Beats heaphones exploded on a plane, Apple is going to pains to point out that it’s not Apple’s fault. Don't Miss: You won’t have to wait until November to buy Apple’s next-gen iPhone 8 As the Australian Associated Press reports, a woman from Adelaide was on a flight from Beijing to Melbourne earlier this year when her Beats headphones exploded. She was napping on the flight, but was awoken “by the sound of an explosion and a burning sensation on her face.” That model of Beats headphones reportedly used AAA battery cells, which are not supplied with the headphones. Apple claims that its investigation shows the third-party batteries were at fault, but the woman who was burned alleges that since there were no instructions on what brand of battery to use, Apple should bear some responsibility. “The headphones don’t work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones – or their packaging – did it specify which brand of batteries should be used,” she told the AP. With no more information, it’s difficult to second-guess Apple’s position here. But more important than apportioning blame for this specific incident is how hard Apple appears to be pushing back. In this kind of situation, it’s more common for a company to express regret, and maybe come to some kind of quiet settlement. But with exploding batteries such a big deal these days, Apple doesn’t even want the appearance of a mistake. Tags: Apple, beats View Comments Trending 1 Tech Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 2 Tech Android O’s most exciting new feature is a total game-changer 3 Deals Best Buy will have the Nintendo Switch in stock tomorrow 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 leaks keep getting stranger 5 Entertainment Killing the NES Classic Edition looks like a worse and worse idea Picked For You Thousands of AT&T and DirecTV workers are going on strike this weekend By Jacob Siegal 1 day ago Amazon Echo price drops to new 2017 low in fresh Amazon sale By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Hackers are trying to bring the WannaCry ransomware back from the dead By Yoni Heisler 13 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Why Apple wants to outlaw people from fixing their own iPhones Neel V. Patel, Inverse May 19, 2017, 8:44 PM 15,703 facebook linkedin twitter email print Shutterstock A broken smartphone is like a broken limb. Suddenly, something you rely on every day is a hobbled version of its former self, and the convenience and ease with how you got through life before it takes a severe step back. Naturally, capitalism ensures that those who stand to gain the most from making smartphone repairs prevent any competition. Enter Apple: the tech giant is currently lobbying against a New York state bill that would compel electronics companies to make available information that would make it easier for customers and third-party repair businesses to fix broken smartphones. The bill is called the "Fair Repair Act." Its purpose reads that it will "require manufacturers who operate and sell in New York State to make available diagnostic and repair information for digital electronic parts and machines." That specifically means that Apple would be legally mandated to sell replacement parts and tools to the public, prohibit software locks that place limits on repairs, and require companies to make repair guides available to consumers. Apple, along with other companies like Verizon, Toyota, Johnson & Johnson, and several tech industry trade organizations, are all working together to oppose its passage in the New York state legislature. As Motherboard reports, Apple is likely opposing similar bills in as many as 11 other states, but New York’s lobbying disclosure laws mean it’s the first time the company is on the public record for its work in advocating against the Fair Repair Act. Apple has a pretty big financial incentive for lobbying against such laws. American consumers spent $4 billion on cell phone repairs in 2015 alone. The Cupertino, California-based tech behemoth makes a ton of money by getting customers who’ve just bought a new MacBook or iPhone to purchase AppleCare+ insurance, which incentivizes customers to get their devices fixed by authorized Apple professionals. It’s impossible to figure out exactly how much Apple makes off of repair services, but Apple Services did pull in $7.04 billion in sales last year. Even a fraction of that is a pretty hefty sum for the company to want to safeguard. Third-party repair shops or savvy customers who know what they’re doing will not necessarily buy premium repair parts from the device manufacturers themselves. A store down the block might use a much cheaper replacement screen for an iPhone instead of the much more expensive part Apple makes. Although those repairs are free under programs like AppleCare+, customers must still purchase them. In addition, Apple probably prefers other customers who aren’t covered to still come directly to them for paid repairs, instead of other vendors. Apple has provided a glimpse of its reasoning in a statement to the The Guardianlast year, when news broke of a DIY hack which replaced the Home button on an iPhone 6 and allowed the phone to be "bricked": "We protect fingerprint data using a secure enclave, which is uniquely paired to the Touch ID sensor. When iPhone is serviced by an authorized Apple service provider or Apple retail store for changes that affect the touch ID sensor, the pairing is re-validated. This check ensures the device and the iOS features related to touch ID remain secure. Without this unique pairing, a malicious touch ID sensor could be substituted, thereby gaining access to the secure enclave. When iOS detects that the pairing fails, touch ID, including Apple Pay, is disabled so the device remains secure." Records show the tech companies and trade organizations fighting against the "Fair Repair Act" have spent $366,634 so far this year. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » Read the original article on Inverse. Copyright 2017. Follow Inverse on Twitter. More from Inverse: SEE ALSO: Apple CEO blames iPhone 8 rumors for slow iPhone sales NOW WATCH: Colonel Sanders' nephew revealed the family's secret recipe — here's how to make KFC's 'original' fried chicken Loading video... More: Inverse iPhone Apple Fair Repair Act facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Why Apple wants to outlaw people from fixing their own iPhones Why Apple wants to outlaw people from fixing their own iPhones A broken smartphone is like a broken limb.... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 9 Things to Know About the iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 Update Adam Mills05/16/2017 Apple’s iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 update is out of beta and available to download. It’s a small update but small updates can have an enormous impact on older devices like the iPhone 5. The iPhone 5 is getting old and that puts the spotlight on each update Apple releases for the former flagship. Even maintenance releases like iOS 10.3.2. iOS updates for older devices can have a dramatic impact on performance. Sometimes they have a positive effect. Sometimes, unfortunately, it’s negative. Apple’s latest iPhone 5 update, iOS 10.3.2, is a bug fix update but those of you already on iOS 10.3.2 or thinking about downloading should be extremely careful. If you’re making the move to iOS 10.3.2 from the iOS 10.3.1 update, you probably won’t need to clear out a ton of space. If you’re coming to iOS 10.3.2 from something older than iOS 10.3, you can expect your update to be massive (several hundred MB) thanks to the features and fixes from iOS 10.3 and any other iOS updates you missed along the way. This device-specific roundup will take you through our impressions of the iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 update’s performance and it will guide you through some of the key things to keep in mind as we push toward Apple’s next iOS 10 release. We’ll continue to update this roundup with new details as we get them so keep an eye out for frequent changes. iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 Update: First Impressions   1 / 9 We upgraded from iOS 10.3.1 to iOS 10.3.2 so our download and installation only took about seven minutes total. We didn't run into any issues with the installation.  If you are coming to iOS 10.3.2 from iOS 10.2.1 or something older, your download/installation is going to take a few minutes longer.  We recommend putting aside 15-20 minutes of quiet time so that you can monitor the process. You shouldn't anticipate any problems but there's always a chance for a hiccup.  We've been using the iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 update for a full day and so far, the device is handling iOS 10.3.2. We're using the update on an AT&T iPhone model.  The iPhone 5's battery continues to work miracles. We haven't noticed any abnormal battery drain during our brief time with iOS 10.3.2. If you do notice weird battery drain, take a look at our list of tips. Chances are, it's not iOS 10.3.2 causing your problems. We've tested the iPhone 5 and its iOS 10.3.2 update with several different ISPs, routers and Bluetooth devices. We haven't noticed any major issues. AT&T's LTE and 4G networks are also behaving.  Random reboots were an issue for us on iOS 10.2 but we haven't noticed with iOS 10.3.2 on board. That could change but iOS 10.3.1 and iOS 10.3 were stable as well.  The iPhone 5 feels fast with iOS 10.3.2 on board. Animations and transitions are fluid and we haven't experienced any lag when opening up Control Center.  We also haven't noticed any lag when opening up and closing folders, something we saw on iOS 10.2.1. The movement is crisp. We have seen some clunkiness when opening up applications but it's not as bad as it was on iOS 10.2.1 and older versions of iOS 10.  The iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 feels stable on our device but you'll definitely want to take a cautious approach, particularly if you're having a good experience on whatever version of iOS you're on.  If you need some additional feedback, see our list of reasons to and not to install the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone.   1 / 9 15 Responses 12/19/2016 Facebook lite apk Reply i like ios 10.2 more than 10.1. power berry slow lost 02/24/2017 Kent Reply After installing 10.2.1 on my iPhone 5s I started getting random reboots. At least 10 per day. If plugged into the charger, the reboots seemed to go away. 02/27/2017 Jarvis Reply Hi guys, I am using iPhone 5s with ios 9.3.3. I am getting reminders to update to whitetail 10.2.1 I’m not sure though, if I should go for an update or not since Internet is poisoned about 30% battery bug in ios 10. I’m new to iPhone, have almost no past experience of ios. As of now I am pretty satisfied with ios 9.3.3 just sometimes it becomes difficult to click on( x) while trying to close search box with some other minor hiccups, don’t know if it’s a software issue or hardware on my device. I’m kinda liking the health app. Although it is not measuring the floors climbed while it’s counting the steps taken. I am told it will count the floors climbed after I updated to 10.2.1 which kind of sounds weird. Please suggest me the right course of action. By the way what’s Jailbreak? Hoping to hear from you soon. 03/03/2017 Natasha Reply Updated to 10.2.1 yesterday and my phone wont start at all and has been at the Apple logo + loading bar screen for over 24 hours. :( 04/17/2017 Justice B. Reply Try a hard reset, hold down the power and volume buttons until you see the apple logo (~10 seconds). Just a suggestion, I don’t know if you’ve tried it yet but it worked for me 03/21/2017 Simone Reply I’ve been using iOS 10.2.1 on my iPhone 5c and I’m having really abnormal battery life it’s chargimg really fast and then when I use it for about 10 minutes it’ll go down by 20% I’ve restated and rebooted my phone but my battery life is still really abnormal please fix this 04/01/2017 Rick Devereux Reply I’m wondering if the disappearance of my toolkit with calculaor, flashlight, etc that used appear on first opening with an UP Slide before entering passcode had anything to do with the 10.2.1 software? The only thing I get now when I Up Slide on opening is a Music tool that does absolutely nothing for me as I don’t keep music on this phone. I can’t get rid of it no matter what I try, and I don’t know where to find the calculator, flashlight etc. I feel like I Apple just took my Swiss Army knife. grrr. 04/12/2017 Amy Reply I, too, was devastated when my toolkit went away. I thought , for sure, Applem had just sucked all of the joy from my life. Then, I swiped left…. 04/12/2017 Amy Reply I, too, was devastated when my toolkit went away. I thought , f had just sucked all of the joy from my life. Then, I swiped left…. 04/04/2017 Tester CPU Reply Best update for iPhone 5c ever. Battery go from 5 hours to 6,5-7! Speed and reactions. Nice. 04/04/2017 Fendi Reply Cara donlowd bbm versi lama Dan perbaharui ios 7.1.2 ke ios 8.0 04/11/2017 ANNOYED Reply WARNING !!! do NOT update the latest software for iphone if you have an iphone 5. Update 10.3.1 will continually ask you for to enter your passcode whether you have ever had one or not. It will not restart without one. I contacted Apple eventually through their help web site and although helpful at first and promising to call me back if we got cut off while they spoke to higher authority for a solution. THEY DID NOT. They came back after the first referral saying they needed at least 30 mins or so for me to hold on. I did and got cut off. No follow up and now the help support site seems to have crashed and even blocked my job referral email link they sent me advising me to find an alternative solution!! The only solution offered was to reformat and clear my phone as it had to have a passcode to unlock it after the update. I have had my iphone 5 since they first came out and it has never been locked or had a passcode or a finger print (they kept repeating this question) used. Not sure what to do now so I will go into an APPLE store tomorrow and hopefully they can either have found a fix for this problem or restore my phone to 10.3 which was working fine! Obviously I do not want to loose all my data and more importantly my photos of my new granddaughter who visited the other week. I WILL NEVER DO ANOTHER UPDATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT HAPPY APPLE!!!!!!!!!! 04/20/2017 Kate Sukhanova Reply I have the same problem and the same attitude! I turned off the passcode several months ago but after an update a week ago my iphone 6 is requesting a passcode! I still remember the one and only passcode that was TURNED OFF some time ago and it doesn’t fit. The only way out for now is to restore the phone and to loose all data… That’s what two of my friends did in similar situation. I switched to my very old samsung for now still hoping that Apple will admit the issue and find the way out, but it is a very thin hope…. I even reported the bug on their site, but there is no answer, nothing. Apple has become a huge disappointment :((((( Do they care about their clients any longer? 04/18/2017 Rach Reply I just updated my iphone 5s (on 18th April 2017) and after about half an hour of working normally, the phone is completely dead. It will not charge. I think it’s stuffed! Built in obsolescence? 05/19/2017 Art Reply I have a i phone 5s that went dead after I took it off the charger toke it to my phone company because I have apple care they were willing to replace it took a few days to get new one. This happened not long after I had updated to 10,3,1. New phone didn’t last a week. This time I toke it to apple store where they replaced it again. New phone didn’t make 24 hours, back to apple store this time another tech again replaced my phone after conversation with tech he told me he had seen 5 or six 5s with this same problem in the last 2 weeks. After about a week this phone to packed it in by now I knew how to do a hard start so I got through the week as I don’t live near apple store. I might add this phone to seemed to crap out not long after I updated to 10,3,1. I/m 3 hours from apple store so I had to wait till last Saturday to get it replaced. Different tech again this time who didn’t want to replace it so we restarted it like it was a new phone, didn’t make 24 hours before it crapped out again. Put up with it for a week, now I’m PISSED!!!!!! SO back to the apple store again tomorrow. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Tablets Image Source: Jose Sanchez/AP/REX/Shutterstock The smaller iPad Pro should be coming next month Chris Smith @chris_writes May 19th, 2017 at 8:00 PM Share Tweet Apple is planning to launch a third iPad Pro size shortly, and more reports indicate the 10.5-inch model will arrive at WWDC 2017 next month. Apple is expected to introduce a variety of gadgets at the developers show, including the 10.5-inch iPad Pro but also new laptops and a Siri speaker that would compete against Amazon Echo and Google Home. A new story out of Asia seems to indicate the resized iPad Pro might really be in the cards for a June launch, as Apple is ramping up production. Don't Miss: Tim Cook spotted with a blood-monitoring Apple Watch prototype According to Digitimes’ supply chain sources, Apple has been ramping up production for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. The monthly shipment volume is expected to grow to 600,000 units in July, up from the current 500,000 units mark. Apple started mass-producing the new tablet in March or April. Apple is expected to ship between 5 million and 6 million 10.5-inch iPad Pro tablets this year. Worldwide tablet shipments were at 8.74 million in the March quarter, and the 10.5-inch iPad Pro could help drive demand for tablets this quarter, with overall tablet shipments tipped to reach 8.9 million units. The report notes that Apple’s newly launched 9.7-inch iPad is becoming more popular with buyers with demand expected to pick up strongly towards the end of the second quarter. Apple is expected to ship over four million units per month in June and July. Digitimes also notes that sources from the supply chain reported that Apple’s new iPad will accelerate Apple’s plans to phase out the iPad mini 4. BGR exclusively reported a few days ago that Apple plans to discontinue its smallest tablet. A 12.9-inch iPad Pro refresh is also in the cards for this year, although it’s not clear when it’ll hit production. Apple is expected to launch it at some point in the third quarter. Tags: Apple, iPad, iPad Pro View Comments Trending 1 Tech Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 2 Tech Android O’s most exciting new feature is a total game-changer 3 Deals Best Buy will have the Nintendo Switch in stock tomorrow 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 leaks keep getting stranger 5 Entertainment Killing the NES Classic Edition looks like a worse and worse idea Picked For You Android O’s most exciting new feature is a total game-changer By Chris Smith 1 day ago Thousands of AT&T and DirecTV workers are going on strike this weekend By Jacob Siegal 1 day ago Killing the NES Classic Edition looks like a worse and worse idea By Jacob Siegal 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 74° F Overcast Hi: 84° F Lo: 65° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines Bahrain gives Shiite cleric 1-year suspended sentence Updated: 2 mins ago DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Bahrain has given a prominent Shiite cleric a 1-year suspended prison sentence and seized assets belongin… AP Top International News at 2:15 a.m. EDT Updated: 41 mins ago Iran’s president trounces hard-liner to secure second term Police: Gunmen shoot and kill 4 policemen in north Pakistan. Updated: 51 mins ago The Latest: Melania Trump doesn’t follow local custom May 20, 2017 UT Student Government calls for crisis communication changes May 20, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 74° F Overcast Feels Like: 74° F Wind: NE 5 Humidity: 79% Dewpoint: 67° F Sunrise: 6:34 AM Sunset: 8:21 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Austin Events Calendar KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines New Music on Studio 512 May 19, 2017 You can stop by Waterloo Records at 600 North Lamar Boulevard in Austin, Texas to pick up any of the new releases we’ve talked about today o… Cooling Down This Summer With Splash Pads May 18, 2017 As things heat up, splash pads are a great place to cool down. Beat the Heat With Perfect Outdoor Buffet May 18, 2017 Braiding Survival Skills for Dads May 18, 2017 Choosing the Right Flowers May 18, 2017 Search for: Search the site 74° F Overcast Hi: 84° F Lo: 65° F Doctors: stroke patients waiting for new stent treatment Blood clots caused by rare condition often seen in younger women By Gigi Barnett Published: May 19, 2017, 7:16 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Dr. Jeff Apple treated Heatherly McDaniel for a life-threatening blood clot. (KXAN Photo) Related Coverage UT Austin robot could help stroke patients regain strength Stroke recovery aided by new technology in Austin Study finds a rise in strokes among young people AUSTIN (KXAN) — No warning and a stroke can strike. It happened to one Austin woman, whose only treatment is a stent that is not on the market yet. Heatherly McDaniel, 41, knew something was off the day she had a stroke in April last year. Her then 16-year-old daughter recognized the slurred speech and numbness on one side. “She looked at the situation and she said, ‘This is out of character for our mother,'” McDaniel said. “The only thing she could think of is it has to be a stroke.” Her family rushed her to the hospital, where emergency room doctors treated the stroke, caused by a blood clot. But less than two weeks later, her left leg suddenly started to swell. It was another massive clot nowhere near her heart or brain. McDaniel was young, healthy and had no recent surgeries, not the mold of a person prone to blood clots. “The problem that Heatherly had was right here,” said Dr. Jeff Apple, pointing to a large scan of McDaniel’s pelvic area. Apple is a vascular surgeon with Cardiothoracic and Vascular Surgeons in Austin. His scans discovered a massive blood clot near McDaniel’s legs, not the typical place clots usually form. A rare condition, called the May-Thurner syndrome, caused one of the major veins in her left leg, the Iliac vein, to be cut off, blocking McDaniel’s blood flow. “Her vein is like having one lane closed on Interstate 35,” Apple said, referring to one of Austin’s major, mostly congested highways. “When we put a stent in, we open it up to two lanes, traffic should move as fast and as normal as it should.” The new stent Dr. Apple used isn’t available yet. McDaniel was part of a clinical trial. Dr. Apple said most surgeons are still using stents created 20 years ago, and they are not designed for larger leg veins. And the types of clots caused by the May-Thurner strike young women, including her sister McDaniel’s younger sister. “The typical phone call we get is an 18, 22-year female who has recently started on birth control pills about six weeks ago and they get a huge left sided blood clot.” Apple said. So far, McDaniel said she has only had small side effects. “My leg tingles, my toes tingle and most of the times I can deal with it, ’cause that’s pretty minor compared to a few people I’ve met who have had strokes,” she said. Doctors say the next step now is to monitor patients for the next year to determine if the stent is safe for other patients. If McDaniel had not qualified for the trial, doctors would have treated her condition with life-long blood thinners and compression sleeves. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Patients call stem cell bill passage a game changer More IVF patients getting test to determine perfect timing Texas high-risk patients call GOP health care bill a ‘frightening reality’ Loretta Lynn expected to recover after having a stroke Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Retired Dallas police chief’s message for UT grads: Public service is worth it Scattered showers possible overnight UT Student Government calls for crisis communication changes Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Hail blankets parts of Austin-metro Thursday NWS: 6 tornadoes hit Canton area, including EF-4 PHOTOS: Whole Foods 365 in Cedar Park Mugshots: Teachers charged with inappropriate relationship with students PHOTOS: San Marcos streets, cars underwater PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Reports Second Quarter Results CUPERTINO, California — May 2, 2017 — Apple today announced financial results for its fiscal 2017 second quarter ended April 1, 2017. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $52.9 billion and quarterly earnings per diluted share of $2.10. These results compare to revenue of $50.6 billion and earnings per diluted share of $1.90 in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 65 percent of the quarter’s revenue. “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’ve seen great customer response to both models of the new iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition and we’re thrilled with the strong momentum of our Services business, with our highest revenue ever for a 13-week quarter. Looking ahead, we are excited to welcome attendees from around the world to our annual Worldwide Developers Conference next month in San Jose.” Apple also announced that its Board of Directors has authorized an increase of $50 billion to the Company’s program to return capital to shareholders and is extending the program timeframe by four quarters.  Under the expanded program, Apple plans to spend a cumulative total of $300 billion by the end of March 2019. “We generated strong operating cash flow of $12.5 billion and returned over $10 billion to our investors in the March quarter,” said Luca Maestri, Apple’s CFO. “Given the strength of our business and our confidence in our future, we are happy to announce another $50 billion increase to our capital return program today.” As part of the latest update to the program, the Board has increased its share repurchase authorization to $210 billion from the $175 billion level announced a year ago. The Company also expects to continue to net-share-settle vesting restricted stock units. The Board has approved a 10.5% increase to the Company’s quarterly dividend, and has declared a dividend of $0.63 per share of the Company’s common stock, payable on May 18, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 15, 2017. From the inception of its capital return program in August 2012 through March 2017, Apple has returned over $211 billion to shareholders, including $151 billion in share repurchases. The Company plans to continue to access the domestic and international debt markets to assist in funding the program. The management team and the Board will continue to review each element of the capital return program regularly and plan to provide an update on the program on an annual basis. Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2017 third quarter:   revenue between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion gross margin between 37.5 percent and 38.5 percent operating expenses between $6.6 billion and $6.7 billion other income/(expense) of $450 million tax rate of 25.5 percent Apple will provide live streaming of its Q2 2017 financial results conference call beginning at 2:00 p.m. PDT on May 2, 2017 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/. This webcast will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Exercise Balikatan Engineers Build Classrooms and Friendships Next PostNext Women’s Lacrosse Player Receives Elite 90 Award for Second Straight Season Search Recent Posts Drug-Free World South Africa Gearing Up to Make This Year the Most Stellar One Yet The US Corporate Wellness Services Market: Size, Share, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) -Market Research Report Global Esports Market: Size, Share, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) – Market Research Report Strewth! A quarter of Australians would miss their mobile more than their pets Health, Fitness, Fantasy Makeovers Find Rockin’ New Home at Give Kids The World Village Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager Workflow Update Restores Google Chrome and Pocket Actions, Extends Apple Music Integration Game Day: Old Man’s Journey By John Voorhees Old Man’s Journey by Vienna-based Broken Rules is equal parts game and story. You play as an old man who receives a letter that seems to upset him. He immediately grabs a backpack and walking stick and sets out into the countryside on a journey. Along the way, you clear a path for the traveler by manipulating the landscape to solve a series of puzzles. The puzzles aren’t difficult, but they help draw you into the beautiful interactive environment and pique your curiosity about the man’s story. Before long, I found myself completely absorbed by Old Man’s Journey. There is no dialogue in Old Man’s Journey, just a pleasant soundtrack supplemented by sound effects as you interact with your surroundings. As you progress through each stage, your character’s story is told through memories revealed at the end of each stage of the game. Interaction with the game’s environment is the central element of Old Man’s Journey. To advance through the countryside, you need to move hills and other parts of the landscape into positions that the old man can traverse, which is complicated by the fact that you cannot move the ground on which he stands. As you master moving hills, the game adds variety by requiring you to do things like use wheels to knock down walls and transition from hiking to taking different modes of transportation, all the while clearing a path through the landscape. The scenes in the game are beautiful and have a storybook feel. The images are two-dimensional but layered in a way that gives the game a sense of depth.1 Coupled with the lack of dialogue, the overall effect gives Old Man’s Journey a dream-like quality that works well with the flashbacks that slowly tell the story of the man’s past. There are some interesting gameplay parallels between Old Man’s Journey and a couple of my favorite games of 2017. Most of the puzzles in Old Man’s Journey involve manipulating the landscape around the protagonist to allow him to reach the next stage of the game, which immediately reminded me of Stagehand, which Federico reviewed earlier this year. The two games couldn’t be more different in most respects, but there’s something about manipulating the environment to help your character advance that is compelling in both games. It’s a mechanic that requires a shift in perspective and focus that drew me into both games. Almost everything in Old Man’s Journey is interactive too. Tap on a bird sitting on a wire, and it flies off, or tap on a door, and it opens. Each interaction is accompanied by wonderful sound design that helps bring the story to life in a way that is similar to Hidden Folks, which I reviewed earlier this year. Again, this is a very different game, but it’s a common approach that makes Old Man’s Journey more dynamic. Old Man’s Journey is a relatively short game that can be completed in a few hours. Unlike many mobile games, this is one that is better played for longer stretches on the biggest screen you have. In some respects, the experience of playing Old Man’s journey is closer to watching a good movie or reading a book than playing a game, which I liked. If you want to lose yourself in a good story this weekend, Old Man’s Journey is an excellent choice. Old Man’s Journey, which is an Apple Editors’ Choice game, is available in the App Store. TouchArcade has an excellent behind the scenes look at the development of the artwork that is worth a look. ↩︎ Tags: game day, games Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. John Voorhees John joined MacStories in 2015. He is a regular contributor to MacStories and the Club MacStories newsletters, co-hosts AppStories, a weekly podcast exploring the world of apps, with Federico, and handles sponsorship sales for MacStories and AppStories. John is also the creator of Blink, an iTunes affiliate linking app for iOS. Twitter: @johnvoorhees | Email: voorhees@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories Lenovo Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Lenovo Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS Main | Bug exposed email addresses and phone numbers of Vine users » Saturday May202017 Canadian Reviewer Weekly Roundup 05/14-05/20 Saturday, May 20, 2017 at 8:23PM Review: Philips Hue Smart Lighting System Samsung technology grants 150 STEM-based community solutions for Canada’s 150th year Moto X and Moto E line coming to some markets as per leak Hackers claim to have pirated upcoming ‘Pirates of the Caribbean’ film Downloading Netflix on rooted Android phones won’t work now 1.25 million RAM pickups recalled by Fiat Chrysler for fatal software glitch Philips Hue adds new bulbs and fixtures to its smart-bulb catalog Apple amping up activities and events at retail locations with Today at Apple TomTom Sports lets you sync your Google Fit and Apple Health data Instagram isn’t done taking Snapchat's features, introduces ‘face filters’ Google Home will be able to make calls to US and Canada How the Smartphone has reinvented basic marketing Google Assistant is now officially on iOS Netflix download zones are coming to Ontario cottage country UNIQLO launches collection of Nintendo UT Grand Prix winning designs BlackBerry KEYone now available for preorder in Canada through Rogers Sago Mini brings all games into one hub, introduces subscription service Google Photos focuses on sharing with new features Important technical services every business owner should be aware of You might soon be able to see Messenger and Instagram notifications on Facebook Bug exposed email addresses and phone numbers of Vine users Nicole Batac | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged weekly roundup Email Article in News, Public service, Reviews Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories Lenovo Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Lenovo Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS « Apple blames third-party batteries for Beats headphones that exploded on its user | Main | Important technical services every business owner should be aware of » Friday May192017 Google Assistant now lets you type out your queries Friday, May 19, 2017 at 10:36PM You saw it show up on Google Assistant for iOS. Now, it’s also making its way to Android. If your Assistant-equipped phone updated, you should see that there’s a new keyboard icon at the bottom left corner of the screen. Up top on the right you’ll also see a blue icon which has two new sections: Explore and Your Stuff. Explore shows you the capabilities of Assistant and what you can do with it. Meanwhile, Your Stuff houses some stuff similar to Google Now, including your calendar and reminders, what’s on your shopping list, and a new Shortcuts feature. The last one, lets you automate things on your own with select phrases. For example, if you say the words “Workout time,” you can then prompt it to play workout music on Google Play Music. Source: Droid Life Nicole Batac | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Google Assistant Email Article in Android, Android apps, Google, Mobile, News, app news Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Breaking News Under siege in Washington, Trump reaps Saudi arms deal, stronger ties Exclusive: North Korea's Unit 180, the cyber warfare cell that worries the West China killed CIA sources, hobbled U.S. spying from 2010 to 2012: NYT Decisively re-elected, Rouhani defies hardliners, pledges to open Iran U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits TPP countries keep trade deal alive without Trump's U.S. Brazil's leader lambastes bribe accusations made by meat titans Passenger jet collides with truck at Los Angeles airport, injuring eight With new sheriff in town, South Korea big businesses duck for cover Royal sister-in-law Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded British wedding Sun 21 May 2017 - 24 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 Home → Technology → Your rugged companion that can ‘see in the dark’ Your rugged companion that can ‘see in the dark’ Saturday 20th, May 2017 / 17:19 Written by Oman Observer in Technology If you have $1000 to splurge on a smartphone, which one will you buy: Apple or Samsung? What if you can get a military-grade, rugged smartphone with thermal imaging that can help you see in the dark at the same price? Recognising India’s potential as a grown-up smartphone market, US-based construction machinery manufacturing company Caterpillar Inc has for the first time launched the sturdy CAT S60 smartphone targeting both consumers and the B2B sector in the country. Priced at $1000, CAT S60 is the first smartphone with an integrated thermal camera, allowing users to detect heat loss around windows and to see in complete darkness. Here is what works for the device. The device does not have great looks like the Samsung Galaxy S8 or iPhone 7 Plus, but the moment you hold the S60, it feels tough and robust, with heavy-duty specifications backing it up. The device is IP68 certified — a global standardisation which makes it dustproof and shockproof. It is also “MIL-SPEC 810G” certified which means the device is ready to bear extreme temperature, vibration, humidity and is claimed to have been built to withstand drops from 1.8 metres. The device is waterproof up to two metres that extends up to five metres to block more water if you flip the “Lock Down” switches on the front-facing speakers which enables the smartphone to be used as an underwater camera. CAT S60 stands out from other smartphones for its thermal camera. The technology is provided by US-based company FLIR that specialises in the design and production of thermal imaging cameras, components and imaging sensors. Users need to use the FLIR app to take thermal images (which was a delight to experience).The thermal camera visualises heat that is invisible to the naked eye and highlights temperature contrasts. About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← China warns of new virus UIWIX Researchers develop diabetes drug to replace insulin injections → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM greetings to Rouhani Fahd in Saudi to attend summits Sayyid Fahd in Saudi to take part in GCC-US Summit Businesses see shorter lean months this year Read More ... Facebook Twitter 44 minutes agoThe names of Omani children that are not line with Arabic traditions will be rejected by @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/vtHAwhzK8C 3 hours agoConsumerConfidence: #Oman market recovery hinges on announced projects in tourism, real estate and health… /t.co/07CIVwI7HS 4 hours agoObserve Omani culture when naming babies, failing which the name will be rejected, says @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/E8L8a1BXDv Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 – BGR Home  »  tech   »   Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 – BGR Posted on May 20 2017 - 3:42pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 17 Related Wyoming startup serving oil and gas sets sights on wind market – Casper Star-Tribune Online BGR Apple’s 2017 iPhone lineup is poised to be the company’s most interesting and ambitious yet. By the time September rolls around, it’s widely believed Apple will release three brand new iPhone models: an iPhone 7s, an iPhone 7s Plus, and last but not … I tried one of Apple’s new free photography classes — here’s what I learnedBusiness Insider Alleged Apple molds show expected ‘iPhone 8’ design next to ‘7s’ and ‘7s Plus’AppleInsider (press release) (blog) Today At Apple: How Angela Ahrendts Imagined A New Apple Retail ExperienceForbes ValueWalk –Digitimes all 44 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Duane Johnson And Tom Hanks Running For President Against Donald Trump Harry Styles Stevie Nicks Duet At The Troubadour In LA Hits Twitter Trends Cleveland Cavs Up 41 Points Over Boston Celtics At Halftime Of NBA ECF Game 2 Billy Gene Is Marketing Not Confirmed Facebook Ads Scam As iDrive Media Lies James Comey To Testify Publicly On Donald Trump Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Update - Local Small Subcontractors Law Correction Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Update - Local Small Subcontractors Law Spiked Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Lease Approved - UNLV, Community Benefits Not Done Oakland Can Use Tax Increment Financing For Affordable Housing NFL Refutes Gisele Bundchen Claim Tom Brady Suffered Concussions In 2016 Season Las Vegas Stadium Authority Meeting On Oakland Raiders Lease Livestream http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Clips, a new app from Apple that makes it easy to create expressive videos on iPhone and iPad, is now available as a free download on the App Store. The app provides an all-new way to produce quick, engaging videos to share with friends or family through the Messages app, or on Instagram, Facebook and other social networks. Clips’ simple, single-screen interface lets users make polished, multi-clip videos in minutes without video editing timelines, tracks or complicated tools to learn. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Next PostNext iPad Pro artist illustrates NBA stars Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation The report also highlights the latest information about Apple’s global forestry partnerships. This year, through its partnership with WWF in China, Apple has transitioned approximately 320,000 acres of forest in China toward Forest Stewardship Council certification. This advancement means, in just two years, the company has now reached its goal of protecting and creating enough sustainably managed forests to cover all its packaging needs. Apple’s forestry work is just the beginning of its efforts to conserve the world’s precious resources. The company also announced the ambitious goal of creating a closed loop supply chain, where products are built using only renewable resources or recycled material. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious iPad Pro artist illustrates NBA stars Next PostNext Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Park opens to employees in April “Steve was exhilarated, and inspired, by the California landscape, by its light and its expansiveness. It was his favorite setting for thought. Apple Park captures his spirit uncannily well,” said Laurene Powell Jobs. “He would have flourished, as the people of Apple surely will, on this luminously designed campus.” “Steve invested so much of his energy creating and supporting vital, creative environments. We have approached the design, engineering and making of our new campus with the same enthusiasm and design principles that characterize our products,” said Jony Ive, Apple’s chief design officer. “Connecting extraordinarily advanced buildings with rolling parkland creates a wonderfully open environment for people to create, collaborate and work together. We have been extremely fortunate to be able to work closely, over many years, with the remarkable architectural practice Foster + Partners.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Next PostNext Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-20 Watch ‘Arrow’s’ Stephen Amell Destroy The ‘American Ninja Warrior’ Obstacle Course For Red Nose Day 2017 Entertainment 2017-05-20 How To Watch ‘Twin Peaks’ On Showtime Without Cable Entertainment 2017-05-20 ‘The Real World’ 25th Anniversary: Inside The MTV Hit That Paved The Way For Today’s Reality TV Entertainment 2017-05-20 Watch Billboard Music Awards Live Streaming Online, Plus Facts You Need To Know About The BBMAs News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-21 World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Threatens U.S. With ‘No Mercy’ After Latest Missile Test Nuclear Breakthrough News 2017-05-20 Did Trump Bow Or Bend Over For Saudi King After Warning Entourage Not To Bow? [Opinion] News 2017-05-20 World War 3 News: North Korea Not Ready To Back Down, Kim Jong-Un Praises Successful Missile Launch News 2017-05-20 Impeachment Coming? House Judiciary Committee Reportedly Starting Process To Remove President From Office Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-05-21 Can The Boston Celtics Win A Game In Cleveland? [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-05-20 Do WWE Officials Believe Finn Balor Is Too Small To Face Brock Lesnar? Wrestling 2017-05-20 WWE Hall Of Fame Legend Ted DiBiase Says There Is Only One True Heel In The WWE Today Basketball 2017-05-20 Golden State Warriors Vs. San Antonio Spurs Game 3: Warriors Go Up 3-0 Following Further Spurs Injuries Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Lifestyle 2017-05-18 Slurpee ‘Bring Your Own Cup Day’ Returns To 7-Eleven For 2017, What You Need To Know About #BYOCUPDAY Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-20 Pope Francis Says That Embryos Should Never Be Used In Research, Not Even To Fight Incurable Diseases Health 2017-05-20 Rising Deer Tick Populations Could Mean Huge Increase In Lyme Disease Cases In 2017 Health 2017-05-20 Kissing Bug Chagas Disease: Disgusting Way To Die Just Deemed Deadlier Health 2017-05-19 Warning About Faulty Lead Testing In Children And Mothers Since 2014 Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-20 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: ‘Captain’s Log: Day 5’ Appears, Frustrates Users About ‘Clash Of Clans’ Download Technology 2017-05-20 WannaCry Ransomware Coming Back? Hackers Hard At Work On Resurrecting WannaCry, Says Expert Science 2017-05-20 Stephen Hawking Reiterates ‘100 Years Left’ Prediction, Says It’s Time To Find A New Earth Technology 2017-05-20 Google Photos Now Allows Actual Photo Books, Not Albums BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Video Of Black Man Slapping White Woman On Bus For Racial Slur Goes Viral, Sparks Debate BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Melania’s $487 Gold Belt, Trump’s Gold Chain Are Twitter Memes: Did Trump Bow To Saudi King Salman? [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Donald Trump Assassination: He Will Win The War Against ISIS But Will Be Shot, Says Psychic BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Climate Change Caused By The Penis, According To Academic Journal SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss How To Watch ‘Twin Peaks’ On Showtime Without Cable Entertainment 2 0 0 May 20, 2017 How To Watch ‘Twin Peaks’ On Showtime Without Cable Charisse Van Horn Twin Peaks returns to TV on Sunday, May 21, 2017, at 9 p.m. ET, on the premium cable channel Showtime. For those who don’t have Showtime and don’t want to sign up for a full cable package, there are solutions. The show was a cult favorite when it first aired on the ABC network on April 8, 1990. Though Twin Peaks had a strong following and ratings were good, the show went off the air after its second season. Twin Peaks‘ return after 26 years has been met with great anticipation. Fans want to watch the show and some have stated they are willing to order cable in order to have access to Showtime and Twin Peaks. Fortunately, you don’t need to order cable in order to watch Twin Peaks. There are stand-alone options available and a plethora of choices that ensures everyone can easily watch Twin Peaks and other Showtime series, movies, and specials without committing to a full cable package. The best way to find the option that meets your needs is to head over to the official Showtime website. There are even promotions going on right now as demand for Twin Peaks is at an all-time high. You can sign up for various services that offer a free trial and test out the provider before deciding if you want to continue. While at the Showtime site, you’ll see there are several options for ordering Showtime as a stand-alone feature that include the following: Amazon Android Apple Hulu PlayStation Vue Roku Sling YouTube Amazon Prime offers Showtime as a stand-alone feature. Once you sign up, you can access Showtime through the official Amazon site or via the Amazon app downloaded on Smart TVs. Those who have Android devices can access the Showtime app in the Google Play store. You can download the app, install it, then sign up for a Showtime subscription. There is a Showtime app for Apple devices. Simply download the app from the Apple store and once installed, sign up for a Showtime subscription. Hulu subscribers can add Showtime to their package as a premium add-on. Hulu subscribers can get a free month trial to Showtime to see if they like the service. Those with modern Smart TVs will find the Showtime app added to their Hulu account when they log in. PlayStation Vue owners can add the Showtime app to their PS3 and PS4 devices. You can add Showtime as a stand-alone channel or add it to your Vue lineup. Roku owners may find that the Showtime app is preloaded on their device. You can subscribe to Showtime through Roku. Sling subscribers can sign up for Showtime and access all 10 Showtime channels with their subscription. YouTube TV provides advantages to Showtime subscribers that are different than other apps. For instance, when you subscribe to Showtime through YouTube TV you can record episodes. YouTube TV is a relatively new way to watch programming, and with the option to add Showtime, it is an efficient way to watch Twin Peaks online and without subscribing to cable. Many of the apps offer free trials and are available at different prices. Check with each application to see which works best for your needs. Additionally, those who subscribe to Showtime through a cable subscription may find there is a 30-day-free offer available. Check with the official Showtime site to see what offers are available in your area. #Repost @adelareguera ・・・ It is happening this Sunday… 9pm, only on @Showtime. #TwinPeaks @twinpeaks A post shared by Twin Peaks (@twinpeaks) on May 17, 2017 at 4:09pm PDT That show you like is going to come back in style…tomorrow. Check in Sunday for #TwinPeaks grids all day. pic.twitter.com/E9dI39eTfY — CinemaGrids (@CinemaGrids) May 20, 2017 Our favorite agent is back! Here is your exclusive first look at the new @TVGuideMagazine cover featuring @kyle_maclachlan. A post shared by Twin Peaks (@twinpeaks) on May 10, 2017 at 9:05am PDT For those about to binge #TwinPeaks in the next 48hrs: be safe out there. pic.twitter.com/ToU9EBHq3K — Scott Wampler (@ScottWamplerBMD) May 18, 2017 Start your day with a DAMN GOOD ????! Head to any @voodoodoughnut TODAY from 12-5pm for a free limited edition #TwinPeaks #doughnut! pic.twitter.com/dUzHnDrKD3 — Twin Peaks (@SHO_TwinPeaks) May 20, 2017 Are you excited to watch the Twin Peaks premiere on Sunday? Are you going to subscribe to a cable or satellite provider or one of the standalone apps and options? Did you watch Twin Peaks when it first aired? [Featured Image by GagliardiImages/Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Paris Hilton Possibly Invented The Selfie Now Read This: ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: What Happens When Nicole Returns To Salem? Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Charisse Van Horn Tags: david lynch, showtime, tv, Twin Peaks May 20, 2017 ‘Teen Mom’ Kailyn Lowry Pregnant And Alone? Chris Lopez And Javi Marroquin Reportedly Won’t Take Her Calls May 20, 2017 Miranda Lambert Reportedly Dumped By Anderson East, Will She Reconnect With Blake Shelton? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Boston Teen Microwaves Live Baby Turtle, Posts Gruesome Aftermath On Social Media ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: What Happens When Nicole Returns To Salem? Queen Elizabeth ‘Parties’ After Husband’s Retirement At Hot Spot, Drives Jaguar To Find Alien Megastructures And Advanced Extraterrestrial Civilizations, Look To Pulsars Willie Nelson Death Hoax Sweeps The Internet Again — Singer Responds To Rumors That He Died With Laughter Fantasy ‘Bachelorette’ With Rachel Lindsay: Final Rose Contest Offers Rewards For ‘Bachelorette’ Fans Can The Boston Celtics Win A Game In Cleveland? [Opinion] ‘Power’ Season 4: 50 Cent And Cast In BTS Pics Ahead Of Summer Release Tom Hanks Goes Off On New York City Driver And Gushes Over Emma Watson World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Threatens U.S. With ‘No Mercy’ After Latest Missile Test Nuclear Breakthrough Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Impeach Donald Trump Now, Say Nearly Half Of American Voters In New Poll 37.4k 0 0 Disney Announces Huge Partnership With LuLaRoe For Official Disney-Themed Line Of Leggings And More Collection 22.3k 0 0 Jared Kushner Investigation: Top W.H. Aide Reportedly ‘Person Of Interest’ In Quickly Expanding Russia Probe 21.6k 0 0 Kourtney Kardashian Celebrated Mother’s Day By Getting Totally Naked Again 18k 0 0 A Tete-A-Tete With Jordan Patch And April The Giraffe 13.7k 0 0 Vice President Mike Pence, Speaker Ryan, And Mitch McConnell Implicated In Cover Up 8.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-20 Watch ‘Arrow’s’ Stephen Amell Destroy The ‘American Ninja Warrior’ Obstacle Course For Red Nose Day 2017 Entertainment 2017-05-20 How To Watch ‘Twin Peaks’ On Showtime Without Cable Entertainment 2017-05-20 ‘The Real World’ 25th Anniversary: Inside The MTV Hit That Paved The Way For Today’s Reality TV Entertainment 2017-05-20 Watch Billboard Music Awards Live Streaming Online, Plus Facts You Need To Know About The BBMAs News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-21 World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Threatens U.S. With ‘No Mercy’ After Latest Missile Test Nuclear Breakthrough News 2017-05-20 Did Trump Bow Or Bend Over For Saudi King After Warning Entourage Not To Bow? [Opinion] News 2017-05-20 World War 3 News: North Korea Not Ready To Back Down, Kim Jong-Un Praises Successful Missile Launch News 2017-05-20 Impeachment Coming? House Judiciary Committee Reportedly Starting Process To Remove President From Office Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-05-21 Can The Boston Celtics Win A Game In Cleveland? [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-05-20 Do WWE Officials Believe Finn Balor Is Too Small To Face Brock Lesnar? Wrestling 2017-05-20 WWE Hall Of Fame Legend Ted DiBiase Says There Is Only One True Heel In The WWE Today Basketball 2017-05-20 Golden State Warriors Vs. San Antonio Spurs Game 3: Warriors Go Up 3-0 Following Further Spurs Injuries Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Lifestyle 2017-05-18 Slurpee ‘Bring Your Own Cup Day’ Returns To 7-Eleven For 2017, What You Need To Know About #BYOCUPDAY Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-20 Pope Francis Says That Embryos Should Never Be Used In Research, Not Even To Fight Incurable Diseases Health 2017-05-20 Rising Deer Tick Populations Could Mean Huge Increase In Lyme Disease Cases In 2017 Health 2017-05-20 Kissing Bug Chagas Disease: Disgusting Way To Die Just Deemed Deadlier Health 2017-05-19 Warning About Faulty Lead Testing In Children And Mothers Since 2014 Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-20 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: ‘Captain’s Log: Day 5’ Appears, Frustrates Users About ‘Clash Of Clans’ Download Technology 2017-05-20 WannaCry Ransomware Coming Back? Hackers Hard At Work On Resurrecting WannaCry, Says Expert Science 2017-05-20 Stephen Hawking Reiterates ‘100 Years Left’ Prediction, Says It’s Time To Find A New Earth Technology 2017-05-20 Google Photos Now Allows Actual Photo Books, Not Albums BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Video Of Black Man Slapping White Woman On Bus For Racial Slur Goes Viral, Sparks Debate BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Melania’s $487 Gold Belt, Trump’s Gold Chain Are Twitter Memes: Did Trump Bow To Saudi King Salman? [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Donald Trump Assassination: He Will Win The War Against ISIS But Will Be Shot, Says Psychic BuzzWorthy 2017-05-20 Climate Change Caused By The Penis, According To Academic Journal SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Looks Like The iPhone 8 Release Date Won’t Be Delayed, But It Will Really Be Expensive Mobile 0 0 0 May 20, 2017 Looks Like The iPhone 8 Release Date Won’t Be Delayed, But It Will Really Be Expensive Simon Alvarez Numerous reports over the past few weeks have predicted that Apple’s iPhone 8 would see a delay in shipments due to problems in the production of some of the device’s specific components. While it was widely anticipated that the iPhone 8 would see a September 2017 release, speculations were high that the production problems might end up pushing the flagship smartphone’s release as far back as November 2017. Fortunately, recent reports have emerged stating that no delays would happen with regards to the iPhone 8’s release date. The device, however, would likely be extremely expensive. If a recent Morgan Stanley report is any indication, the alleged production problems with the iPhone 8 components are rather inaccurate. According to a Seeking Alpha report, the global financial services firm has concluded that the manufacture of the iPhone 8’s components has not hit a significant roadblock as of yet. “Morgan Stanley’s Greater China Technology Research colleagues have not yet seen delays in the supply chain and still expect new iPhone production to start on time for most of the components (including OLED).” With this in mind, the September 2017 release date for the iPhone 8 definitely appears to be entirely plausible. If any, the conclusion from Morgan Stanley’s researchers points to a high-profile smartphone launch happening sometime this September, in line with initial rumors about the device’s debut. #Apple – #iPhone8 – #iPhone7s – iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus and iPhone 8 molds pictured next to each other https://t.co/qsDALfrmTM pic.twitter.com/HS1TM3H4Cv — /LEAKS (@Slashleaks) May 20, 2017 While the conclusions from Morgan Stanley’s researchers are no doubt encouraging, a number of reports have emerged stating that the iPhone 8’s components are becoming a bit more expensive to produce. As mentioned in a DigiTimes report, the Chinese-language newspaper Economic News Daily has published an article stating that the manufacturer for the iPhone 8’s 3D Touch sensor is now charging Apple 2.5 times more than what it charged for the same components in the iPhone 6S and iPhone 7. This means that the 3D Touch engine, which was speculated to cost Apple about $7 to $9 to make, is now charging the Cupertino-based tech giant around $18 to $22 to manufacture the component. The massive price increase, however, has a pretty good reason. According to the Chinese publication, the notable increase in price for the iPhone 8’s 3D Touch sensor is a result of the upcoming flagship’s OLED display, since, OLED panels are far more fragile than the traditional LCD displays that Apple utilized in the past. “The solution directly bonds 3D Touch sensors on LTPS TFT-LCD display panels of the iPhone, but 3D Touch solution for OLED panels entails bonding of a glass cover on the front and back side of an OLED panel each to reinforce the fragile OLED panel.” #iPhone8 White/Rose Gold Version. (by Pierrick Pichaureaux) #AppleLeaker pic.twitter.com/8fA1Rjn2ey — AppleLeaker (@AppleLeaker) May 12, 2017 Interestingly, the production process for the iPhone 8’s 3D Touch engine is reported to be costing the manufacturer of the component up to 50 percent more. Apple, however, seems set to pay 150 percent more for the iPhone 8’s 3D Touch sensor. This is quite an interesting detail, especially since Apple has a reputation for being extremely firm when negotiating component costs with its suppliers. With the iPhone 8’s 3D Touch sensors, however, the Cupertino-based tech giant appears to have covered most of the added expenses in order for the upcoming flagship’s production to commence without delay. It’s not just the 3D Touch sensors of the iPhone 8 that are rumored to have increased in price as well. Recent speculations have emerged stating that Apple would also be paying far more for the iPhone 8’s OLED display and faster NAND/DRAM memory. With all these additional costs piling up, it definitely appears that Apple’s 2017 flagship would be one of the costliest smartphones of the year. Currently, the iPhone 8 is rumored to cost $999 for the 128GB version and $1,099 for the 256GB variant. Considering the raised prices of its components, these pricing speculations might prove accurate. [Featured Image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: To Find Alien Megastructures And Advanced Extraterrestrial Civilizations, Look To Pulsars Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Release Date May 20, 2017 ‘The Walking Dead’ Spoilers: Will TV Show Ever Catch Up To ‘TWD’ Comics? Co-EP Denise Huth Responds May 20, 2017 ‘Days Of Our Lives’: Will Abigail’s Independence From Chad Make ‘Chabby’ Better In The Future? [Opinion] Comments LATEST HEADLINES Boston Teen Microwaves Live Baby Turtle, Posts Gruesome Aftermath On Social Media ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: What Happens When Nicole Returns To Salem? Queen Elizabeth ‘Parties’ After Husband’s Retirement At Hot Spot, Drives Jaguar To Find Alien Megastructures And Advanced Extraterrestrial Civilizations, Look To Pulsars Willie Nelson Death Hoax Sweeps The Internet Again — Singer Responds To Rumors That He Died With Laughter Fantasy ‘Bachelorette’ With Rachel Lindsay: Final Rose Contest Offers Rewards For ‘Bachelorette’ Fans Can The Boston Celtics Win A Game In Cleveland? [Opinion] ‘Power’ Season 4: 50 Cent And Cast In BTS Pics Ahead Of Summer Release Tom Hanks Goes Off On New York City Driver And Gushes Over Emma Watson World War 3 Alert: Kim Jong-Un Threatens U.S. With ‘No Mercy’ After Latest Missile Test Nuclear Breakthrough Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Impeach Donald Trump Now, Say Nearly Half Of American Voters In New Poll 37.4k 0 0 Disney Announces Huge Partnership With LuLaRoe For Official Disney-Themed Line Of Leggings And More Collection 22.3k 0 0 Jared Kushner Investigation: Top W.H. Aide Reportedly ‘Person Of Interest’ In Quickly Expanding Russia Probe 21.6k 0 0 Kourtney Kardashian Celebrated Mother’s Day By Getting Totally Naked Again 18k 0 0 A Tete-A-Tete With Jordan Patch And April The Giraffe 13.7k 0 0 Vice President Mike Pence, Speaker Ryan, And Mitch McConnell Implicated In Cover Up 8.8k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Apple blames exploding Beats headset on AAA batteries by Rachel Kaser — in Apple 363 shares Apple is refusing to compensate a woman whose Beats headphones exploded in her face, claiming the batteries were at fault. Earlier this year, the anonymous woman says she was asleep on a flight from Beijing to Melbourne when she was awakened by an explosion and heat searing her face. The sparking headphones burned her face and neck, and half-melted to the floor where she threw them before flight attendants managed to douse them in water. The Australian news site news.com.au reports that Apple — who bought Beats for $3 billion in 2014 — blames the batteries in the headset: “Our investigation indicated the issue was caused by a third-party battery.” There are still a few Beats variations that require AAA batteries — such as the noise-cancelling Beats Studio headphones, which have since been discontinued. The brand of battery in the woman’s Beats isn’t specified. At the time of the incident, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau concluded the batteries were the most likely culprit and warned passengers that “batteries should be kept in an approved stowage, unless in use.” via The Verge Read next: Security researcher found a WannaCry fix for some infected computers AppleGearTech Share on Facebook (67) Share on Twitter (237) Rachel Kaser is a reporter from Texas. Happy to hear your thoughts on rachel@thenextweb.com or @rachelkaser on Twitter. Rachel is a writer and former game critic from Central Texas. She enjoys gaming, writing mystery stories, streaming on Twitch, and horseback riding. Check her Twitter for curmudgeonly criticisms. Contact Mail Tweet Location Texas Posts 310 Posts / mo. 89.49   All posts by Rachel > The latest articles around Apple Tim Cook is reportedly testing Apple Watch-connected diabetes tracker Mix Apple's first made-in-India iPhones are coming this month Abhimanyu Ghoshal Apple might show off 3 updated MacBooks next month Abhimanyu Ghoshal Here's some more distraction Judge rules emoji are proof of intent Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Chelsea Manning documents first day of freedom on Instagram Rachel Kaser FCC votes to begin overturning net neutrality rules Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Why outsourcing isn't a bad word Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Facebook brings out a new 'Order Food' option Rachel Kaser 2 Study: Snapchat and Instagram are the worst for young people Rachel Kaser 3 Judge rules emoji are proof of intent Rachel Kaser 4 8 new Google Assistant features that make it much more powerful Napier Lopez 5 Security researcher found a WannaCry fix for some infected computers Rachel Kaser Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 For $20, you’ll learn all the tricks of digital media specialists TNW Deals 2 The iPhone 8 rumor mill: what to expect, or not Melissa Thompson 3 Facebook brings out a new 'Order Food' option Rachel Kaser 4 Security researcher found a WannaCry fix for some infected computers Rachel Kaser 5 Apple blames exploding Beats headset on AAA batteries Rachel Kaser @ssorokin Banners have 99 problems and a click ain't one. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter iOS 11 Concept Imagines Overhauled iPad Interface With Drag-and-Drop Functionality Friday May 19, 2017 12:59 pm PDT by Juli Clover Apple is planning to unveil its next-generation operating system for iOS devices, iOS 11, in less than a month. Despite the imminent debut date of the new OS, we've heard very little about what we should expect to see in the update. Based on the fact that iOS 10 offered very few features for the iPad, Federico Vittici of MacStories, who uses an iPad for much of his daily work, has imagined an iOS 11 update wishlist that overhauls the iPad interface, introducing new iPad-only features that many pro users would undoubtedly love to see. Vittici collaborated with designer Sam Beckett to bring his iOS 11 wishlist to life, providing concrete examples of ways Apple could redesign the iPad experience. System-wide drag and drop functionality that would let users drag content between apps or from one iPad split screen window to another is at the top of Vittici's list. Images, text, links, documents, and more could be dragged using intuitive long press gestures. In the example image below, text from an email is dragged into a list in Reminders. An imagined "Shelf" feature goes hand-in-hand with drag and drop, giving users a place to store anything on the iPad they want to reference at a later time. It's similar to the desktop on a Mac, storing items for easy access. Viticci's other iOS 11 wishlist items include a new Split View app picker with a search feature and a better layout, a Mac-style Finder app that works with iCloud Drive for a more consistent document-finding interface, a denser home screen, multiple audio streams, and a refreshed design with bolder typography and more of a focus on visual feedback. For additional images and a more detailed explanation of the items on Vittici's iOS 11 wishlist, make sure to check out the full article over at MacStories. Related Roundup: iOS 11 Tags: Concepts, macstories.net [ 173 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) garirry 1 day ago at 01:05 pm Here's a rumour. iOS 11 will be just like any other iOS in the past few years. Unnecessary upgrades and "improvements", something Siri, something share to your friends, something much more performance-efficient, something emoji. Oh and cringey WWDC as always. But as always, we will be overly excited for it then be awfully disappointed once we just get another absolutely pointless iOS upgrade. Rating: 62 Votes roland.g 1 day ago at 01:15 pm It cannot be said enough. The ENTIRE iOS Springboard UI of icons and folders needs a substantial overhaul. It is extremely cumbersome and outdated. This is Apple's opportunity to innovate. Not just features but how we access our apps. Rating: 44 Votes rudychidiac 1 day ago at 01:05 pm I love these ideas so much. Too bad we're probably not going to get any of them. Rating: 30 Votes CooKieMoNs7eR 1 day ago at 01:44 pm If you think about it, its pretty sad that no one in here is expects features like this in iOS 11, thats how much Apple lowered our expectations from iOS to iOS.... Rating: 30 Votes Dilster3k 1 day ago at 01:02 pm What's the point of this? We're only 3 weeks away, iOS 11 is conceptually already finalized. Rating: 28 Votes sputnikv 1 day ago at 01:05 pm this is a really powerful concept. makes me excited of the unrealized potential of the ipad Rating: 24 Votes Paddle1 1 day ago at 01:05 pm What's the point of this? We're only 3 weeks away, iOS 11 is conceptually already finalized. Does seem kind of random. These kinds of things (especially being posted like news) make people get their hopes up, which generally leads to disappointment. Rating: 24 Votes busyscott 1 day ago at 01:33 pm You lost Apple at "Pro Features" Rating: 22 Votes Naraxus 1 day ago at 01:28 pm Without a real os it's still nothing more than a toy. Rating: 22 Votes TheHotdog 1 day ago at 01:05 pm Trash. Why waste your time making this video? Rating: 15 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Says 2011 MacBook Pro No Longer Eligible For 'Video Issues' Repair Program 5 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple says the following models are no longer eligible for its MacBook Pro Repair Extension Program for Video Issues: • 15-inch, Early 2011 • 15-inch, Late 2011 • 17-inch, Early 2011 •... 23 comments Musical.ly in Talks With Viacom and NBCUniversal to Create Original Programming 20 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular entertainment social network Musical.ly is in talks with media companies including Viacom and NBCUniversal to make original programming, according to people familiar with the matter (via... 7 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Leather Desk Organizer Set from Pad & Quill 2 days ago on iOS Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Pad & Quill to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a Leather Desk Organizer Set that includes a Large Leather Desk Pad, a Leather Mouse... 4 comments TouchArcade iOS Gaming Roundup: Zelda, The Sims, Oceanhorn 2, and More 2 days ago on iOS Blog Hey everyone! I'm Eli Hodapp, and I serve as Editor in Chief over at MacRumors' sister-site TouchArcade. If you haven't heard of us before, we're the largest iOS-exclusive gaming site... 14 comments iTunes Launches Sale and LEGO-Themed Makeover for Digital Release of 'The LEGO Batman Movie' 2 days ago on iOS Blog Apple today gave the iTunes Movies storefront a small visual overhaul to coincide with the digital home release of The LEGO Batman Movie, which will debut on DVD and Blu-Ray on June 13. With the... 12 comments Facebook Signs Deals With ESL and MLB in Ongoing Streaming Video Push 2 days ago on iOS Blog After its first sports-related streams went live early last year, focusing on soccer and hockey, Facebook this week has made inroads into two new categories that will bring fans of eSports and... 6 comments 3D Touch Component Costs for OLED iPhone '150% Higher' Than LCD Models 2 days ago on iOS Blog A new report on Friday added support to the claim that Apple is facing higher component costs for this year's highly anticipated OLED iPhone, which some analysts believe will carry a... 86 comments Telegram Encrypted Messenger Gains Video Support, Bot Payments, and More 2 days ago on iOS Blog Encrypted messaging platform Telegram received a significant update today, bringing video messaging, bot payments, and other new features to the chat app. In version 4.0 of Telegram, users can... 16 comments • Vevo Debuts Revamped Apple TV App With Curated Playlists and Video Previews (2) • 'Eggggg - The Platform Puker' Available for Free as Apple's App of the Week (28) • Facebook Messenger Redesign Makes it Easier to Navigate, Find Online Friends, and Play Games (38) • SwiftKey Keyboard for iOS Gains Refreshed Design, Animated Themes and Support for 68 New Languages (33) • Kanex Launches Apple Certified 'GoPower Watch Stand' With Extra USB Port for iPhone (22) • Pioneer Unveils New Aftermarket CarPlay Receivers, Including First Single-DIN Model For Older Vehicles (53) • SiriusXM Again Having 'Active Discussions' to Acquire Pandora (18)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Dark Lord Trip Report - The TouchArcade Show #307 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Old Man's Journey' Google Play Awards Winners Include 'Hearthstone', 'Transformers', and 'Mushroom 11' 'FIFA Mobile Soccer' Update Adds Real-Time VS Attack Mode and Improves Gameplay 'Elder Scrolls: Legends' Update Adds a Spectator Mode YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
caret-down clock comment email facebook feed go-to-bottom go-to-top heart log-out moon pencil search-white twitter cog list user mefi-shirt bracketed-plus down-arrow html-bracket-left html-bracket-right slash two-lines bold close hyperlink icon_19502 icon_248 icon_299 italic media1 media2 media4 media5 media7 media8 musicnote hide show Ask MetaFilter querying the hive mind Log In Sign Up MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk More Best Of Podcast Chat Labs Search MetaFilter… Menu Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Using a different router, can I maintain my previous internet speed? May 20, 2017 1:24 PM   Subscribe I had to change routers and am now using a 1st Gen AirPort Express. After the change, my internet speed instantly tanked. Can I do anything to speed things back up? I just returned the router to my ex (his was also an Apple product, a larger square-shaped router that was perhaps also an external hard drive) and in the hour between returning that and setting up the AirPort Express, my internet speed dropped. It's now down to 2.48/8.36 Mbps being directly in front of the router, 0.83/1.65 from ten feet away, and nothing from another room. This is on a 50/50 Mbps Verizon plan. Using his router and setup, we had speeds closer to that. In case it's not already obvious, my tech knowledge and vocabulary are slim. I've searched previous posts and the AirPort Express manual online, but things are either above my head or unrelated. I followed instructions here and updated the software. Short of getting a new router (which I'll do if necessary), I'm wondering: * Am I getting the slower speeds simply because I'm using an older device? * Can I make changes within AirPort Utility to speed things up? (e.g., configuring things using the Base Station, Internet, Wireless, or Network tabs) If so, what? * When I installed the AirPort Express, was it correct to create a wireless network or should I have tried to join the one we used to have (which I didn't see listed)? Or did I just not see our old network because it was connected to his now-departed router? * Are there any other ways I can increase the speed? posted by mayta to Technology (5 answers total)   Can you tell what the model number is? It would probably be on the bottom. It'd be A108(x), A1264, or A1392. An older router wouldn't support as fast of a wireless connection. The wireless router defines the wireless network, so yes, replacing the ex's router with this one will replace the old network with this new one. Do you have the option to connect to a 5Ghz network? That's usually faster, though your range may suffer. Also, if you can connect with an Ethernet cable, you can measure your wired network speed and see how much of your performance loss is due to the router/upstream network vs. how much is due to WiFi. posted by Huffy Puffy at 2:22 PM on May 20 Without knowing your specifics and just the situation, you probably need a newer router that supports additional Wireless speeds/protocols. http://thewirecutter.com/reviews/best-wi-fi-router/ posted by gramcracker at 2:58 PM on May 20 It's the A1264 model. (It looks like his was the A1392.) I know he had set up a 5G network that we used. Maybe its old age is the issue then. I'll look into gramcracker's link to see about a newer one. posted by mayta at 3:06 PM on May 20 An A1264 is not a first-gen, and it does do N-speed wireless, which is the second-fastest in common use so it's not really a generational hardware thing. The Express routers do have smaller antennas and shorter ranges, since they're meant for small spaces or as auxiliary add-ons to an existing network, not really to run your whole wifi, so it might be a matter of where the thing physically sits, what's nearby blocking it, or even which way it's facing. Your experiments with distance also support t his idea. It's quite possible that the Airport Extreme (or Time Machine, or whatever) that was there before simply had a bigger antenna pointed more up-and-down, or placed in a better location, and that impacted things more than the actual technical guts of the box. I'd fiddle with all of the orientation and position a lot, including trying it in other rooms if possible, while using some Internet Speed Test from your laptop from various distances as you are alreay doing. Keep notes because there'll be a lot of numbers and you'll forget which was which. Well, I would, anyway. My brain can only hold a few numbers at a time before meltdown. You will never, ever get the advertised speed from any internet provider on an actual computer. That's the possible speed of the whole connection. There's also almost no value in measuring the numbers if/when the performance feels adequate, since there are so many variables that change theoretical speed into practical. If it wasn't for the fact you say that you get no connection at all from only a single room away, I'd probably say ignore the numbers and just use the thing. It's also quite possible you're confusing Mbps and MBps, based on the roughly difference in the numbers you're posting. And if so, nobody can blame you: ISPs are notoriously misleading on the difference, since bigger numbers sell more accounts. 50 Mbps is 6.25 MBps. posted by rokusan at 4:46 PM on May 20 First thing to do is test a wired connection. Does your model of Airport Express have a second ethernet port labelled "LAN" or the like? If so, try plugging a computer directly into it with an ethernet cable and turn off the WiFi. Then run a speed test. That will isolate the problem to whether it's the WiFi or something else. If the speed is fine when wired then my best guess is you just need a newer router with more modern wireless hardware. Not just to be sure you have 802.11n or 802.11ac, but also for the better modern antenna designs. WireCutter's suggestion of a TP-Link Archer C7 is reasonable. (Really you need a new WiFi access point, but for casual use most people have a single device acting as both router + access point). posted by Nelson at 5:37 PM on May 20 « Older Looking for tightly plotted cozy mysteries   |   3rd grade bully...moving on up... Newer » You are not logged in, either login or create an account to post comments Related Questions Wifi signal suddenly weakened, I'm stumped. July 22, 2016 Ditching Time Warner's Modem for Something Else April 14, 2016 I know the anwer is Googleable, but even if I find... January 7, 2012 You mean I can just BUY a bigger pipe? November 23, 2010 Why reset a router? August 16, 2006 Tags router internet Share Twitter Facebook About Ask MetaFilter Ask MetaFilter is a question and answer site that covers nearly any question on earth, where members help each other solve problems. Ask MetaFilter is where thousands of life's little questions are answered. Sites MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk Best Of Podcast Links Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Wiki Search Chat Labs Members Sign Up Log In Search MetaFilter… Fund MetaFilter Join 4,308 readers in helping fund MetaFilter Contact Us © 1999–2017 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts copyright their original authors. Classic Theme.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Here's how to check if your favorite iOS apps are going to soon become obsolete iOS 11 could be the end of the line for a lot of old apps. Here's how to find out if an app you rely on might stop working soon. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | May 20, 2017 -- 14:00 GMT (07:00 PDT) | Topic: iOS Apple's iOS 11 will be the end of the line for a lot of old and obsolete iPhone and iPad apps that have been forgotten by their developers. Here's how to find out if your apps are affected. Must read: Apple's desperate Mac damage control message hints at a divided company For some time now, Apple has been warning iPhone and iPad users that legacy 32-bit apps may slow down their devices, but with the recent release of iOS 10.3, Apple has escalated things by making it clear that the end is nigh. If you've seen the warning shown below in relation to an app you use, then that app is a 32-bit app and Apple is getting ready to withdraw support (quite possibly as soon as September, when iOS 11 is released). You can also check for app compatibility using the built-in checker tool. Go to Settings > General > About > Applications: How many apps are affected? One study suggests the number could be around 187,000 apps, or some 8 percent of the 2.4 million apps in Apple's App Store, with apps in the games, education, and entertainment categories being the hardest hit. How to securely erase any hard drive, SSD,... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 8 NEXT PREV VIDEO: Did your iCloud password stop working? Try these fixes Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories iOS There's a handy shortcut menu hidden on your iPhone or iPad Google Google Assistant to make iOS debut as standalone app: Report Hardware Build a VR headset from an iPhone or Android smartphone for only $7 iPhone Five features the iPhone 8 needs to have (but probably won't get) × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: AlHasan Husni Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 Yoni Heisler @edibleapple May 20th, 2017 at 3:42 PM Share Tweet Apple’s 2017 iPhone lineup is poised to be the company’s most interesting and ambitious yet. By the time September rolls around, it’s widely believed Apple will release three brand new iPhone models: an iPhone 7s, an iPhone 7s Plus, and last but not least, the highly anticipated iPhone 8. Don't Miss: Hackers are trying to bring the WannaCry ransomware back from the dead While the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus will sport the same form factor as the iPhone 7, the iPhone 8 will introduce a completely new design, complete with an advanced edge-to-edge 5.8-inch OLED display that will essentially take up the entire front end of the device. In fact, reports from the rumor mill suggest that the bezels surrounding the iPhone 8 display will only be about 4mm all around, a tidbit seemingly confirmed by our exclusive look at an iPhone 8 dummy model earlier this week. With June right around the corner and the finalized iPhone 8 design likely locked down at this point, there’s a good chance that the number of leaked iPhone 8 moldings and schematics will rise significantly in the weeks and months ahead of the iPhone 8 release. To this point, Slashleaks today points us to a new series of photos — originally sourced via Weibo — which show us three different iPhone molds corresponding to the three new iPhone models Apple will release later this year. While the photo above doesn’t shed a whole lot of new light on Apple’s 2017 iPhone lineup, it does suggest that the iPhone 8 may be slightly taller than the iPhone 7s. While previous reports claimed that the iPhone 8 will pack a display the size of an iPhone 7 Plus into the form factor of an iPhone 7, the iPhone 8 may actually be slightly larger if we assume that the molds above were all aligned uniformly. Another point worth noting is that the camera module on the iPhone 8 is oriented vertically, a design which echoes a number of leaked schematics and designs we’ve seen over the past few months. It’s widely believed that the vertical orientation of the iPhone 8’s camera module has to do with the rumored augmented reality features Apple is planning to show off later this year. With the iPhone 8 design said to feature one giant piece of glass, it’s widely believed that Apple will incorporate the Touch ID sensor into the display itself. Though some previous leaks have featured a cut-out for a Touch ID sensor on the back, it’s believed that the final iPhone 8 design will be far more elegant and user-friendly. Now as for when we can expect to see the iPhone 8 finally hit store shelves, the good news is that we won’t have to wait longer than usual. Despite an onslaught of rumors claiming that the iPhone 8 release date might be pushed back by 4-8 weeks, more recent reports from credible sources indicate that the iPhone 8 release, like most other iPhone releases, will go down in September. Price wise, it’s no surprise that Apple plans to charge a premium for the iPhone 8, with the entry-level 128GB model said to retail for $1000 and the more storage-friendly 256GB model said to retail for $1,099. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech Leaked iPhone 8 mold suggests device will be slightly larger than the iPhone 7 2 Tech Android O’s most exciting new feature is a total game-changer 3 Deals Best Buy will have the Nintendo Switch in stock tomorrow 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 leaks keep getting stranger 5 Entertainment Killing the NES Classic Edition looks like a worse and worse idea Picked For You Amazon Echo price drops to new 2017 low in fresh Amazon sale By Maren Estrada 2 days ago The hottest new Nintendo Switch game that isn’t Mario Kart is $20 off on Amazon By Maren Estrada 2 days ago Android O’s most exciting new feature is a total game-changer By Chris Smith 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Ford Brings Android Auto to all 2016 Vehicles with SYNC 3 – Android Headlines Home  »  tech   »   Ford Brings Android Auto to all 2016 Vehicles with SYNC 3 – Android Headlines Posted on May 20 2017 - 11:01am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 28 Related Wyoming startup serving oil and gas sets sights on wind market – Casper Star-Tribune Online Android Headlines Ford announced that they are pushing an update to SYNC 3 vehicles that will bring both Android Auto and Apple CarPlay to all 2016-model year vehicles. This means that the number of Ford vehicles with support for Apple and Google’s infotainment systems … Ford adds Android Auto and Apple CarPlay to cars using over-the-air updatesVentureBeat Ford Enables CarPlay, Android Auto on 2016 ModelsPCMag 2016 Ford Vehicles Get Android Auto, Apple CarPlay Via OTA UpdatesTech Times Ford Media Center all 46 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Seattle Blog - Cleveland Blog - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Duane Johnson And Tom Hanks Running For President Against Donald Trump Harry Styles Stevie Nicks Duet At The Troubadour In LA Hits Twitter Trends Cleveland Cavs Up 41 Points Over Boston Celtics At Halftime Of NBA ECF Game 2 Billy Gene Is Marketing Not Confirmed Facebook Ads Scam As iDrive Media Lies James Comey To Testify Publicly On Donald Trump Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Update - Local Small Subcontractors Law Correction Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Update - Local Small Subcontractors Law Spiked Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Lease Approved - UNLV, Community Benefits Not Done Oakland Can Use Tax Increment Financing For Affordable Housing NFL Refutes Gisele Bundchen Claim Tom Brady Suffered Concussions In 2016 Season Las Vegas Stadium Authority Meeting On Oakland Raiders Lease Livestream http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search iCloud Notes recovered well beyond Apple’s 30-day deletion window Adam Westlake - May 20, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Like many of Apple‘s apps and services, the Notes app can be synced to iCloud to make the information available on a number of devices. When a user chooses to delete a note, they can recover it within 30 days, but after that Apple states the data is wiped. However, security firm ElcomSoft has discovered that it’s able to recover notes well beyond this 30-day window. The company explains in a blog post that it was able to retrieve notes weeks and months beyond the stated limit, in one case going as far back as 2015. In another example, ElcomSoft says that it was able to recover 46 notes from an iPhone that had been deleted over 30 days ago. Users don’t need to panic at this point, however, as ElcomSoft says it used its own custom software to dig up the data, and that it requires a user’s Apple ID credentials. In other words, these past notes can’t just turn up accidentally, and your account would have to be specifically targeted by someone with access to this software. For what it’s worth, ElcomSoft is the security firm that discovered similar iCloud loopholes recently with deleted photos and Safari browsing history, and it notes that Apple was quick to address those issues. “There is no doubt Apple will fix the current issue,” the company writes. SOURCE ElcomSoft Story Timeline Apple iCloud rises higher with new 2TB offer Apple iCloud Calendar finally gets a “Report Junk” button iOS update 10.3 patches a major security flaw Reboot-rebooted, new iOS 11 Apple Music tipped for iPhone 8 Tags AppleAppsiCloudsecurity Must Read Bits & Bytes 2018 Subaru WRX and WRX STI First Drive: One-two turbocharged punch for street and track Google VS Root: Why SafetyNet is now standard for developers Google Android Themes in O Beta code [Make way for Fuchsia OS] Tim Cook himself is testing the new Apple Watch’s huge medical feature 2018 Acura TLX V6 A-Spec First Drive: Millennial-minded Latest Headlines Facebook is testing a new food ordering option May 20, 2017 2018 Subaru WRX and WRX STI First Drive: One-two turbocharged punch for street and track May 20, 2017 New Microsoft Surface Pro leaks, but it still isn’t the 5 May 20, 2017 Uber engineer told to comply with Waymo lawsuit or risk being fired May 20, 2017 Overwatch director confirms more animated shorts are on the way May 20, 2017 Latest Reviews 808 Audio CANZ Glo portable wireless speaker mini Review May 17, 2017 Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] May 16, 2017 Elgato Stream Deck Review: Too useful just for Twitch streamers May 15, 2017 Lenovo Yoga 720 Review — a slim, premium laptop with Thunderbolt May 10, 2017 Hulu Live TV Review: The promise of good things to come May 7, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 5/20/17 - 05/20/2017 - Lambert Strether WSJ: JJ Jelincic to Leave CalPERS Board - 05/20/2017 - Yves Smith The Bank Competition Myth - 05/20/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/19/2017 - 05/19/2017 - Lambert Strether Notes From an Emergency: Tech Feudalism - 05/19/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/19/17 - 05/19/2017 - Lambert Strether Trump Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin Renounces Commitment to Glass-Steagall While Saying He Isn’t - 05/19/2017 - Yves Smith Private Equity’s Lousy Governance - 05/19/2017 - Yves Smith Quelle Surprise! Pricey Housing Discourages Having Kids - 05/19/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/19/2017 Posted on May 19, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “As a candidate, Donald Trump promised to make NAFTA ‘much better’ for working people. Today’s notice is markedly vague. But Trump’s NAFTA renegotiation plan that leaked in late March described just what the corporate lobby is demanding: using NAFTA talks to revive parts of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), like expanded investor incentives to offshore jobs that could make NAFTA even worse for working people” [Lori Wallach, Public CItizen]. “The obvious measure of whether NAFTA renegotiation is intended to benefit working people is if Trump makes clear he will eliminate NAFTA’s special investor rights that make it easier to offshore American jobs and attack our laws before tribunals of three corporate lawyers who can award the firms unlimited sums of taxpayer money. If corporate elites are allowed to dictate how NAFTA is renegotiated, the agreement could become more damaging for working families and the environment in the three countries. And modest tweaks will not stop NAFTA’s ongoing damage, much less deliver on Trump’s promises for a deal that will create American jobs and raise wages. Already the 500 corporate trade advisers who got us into the TPP have been consulted on NAFTA renegotiations, while the few labor advisers were shut out of that March meeting. And the public and Congress are being left in the dark about negotiating plans and goals.” “Organizations representing grain, produce, dairy and livestock farmers said NAFTA is largely working for their industries, especially the integrated supply chains that allow goods to move freely across borders. Since NAFTA’s implementation in 1994, U.S. agricultural exports to Canada and Mexico have more than quadrupled, growing from $8.9 billion in 1993 to $38.6 billion in 2015, USDA data shows” [Politico]. I’m not sure what the Mexican farmers think about that, though. “Fixing Trade Agreements In Five Simple Steps” [Electronic Frontier Foundation]. “Trade experts agree that without five simple fixes, Americans will continue to reject new trade deals….” No. This is all about process, specifically “transparency,” a favorite neoliberal panacea. Do the experts really think that people won’t reject a transparently bad deal? Politics Policy “While President Trump and Administration officials have not made their intentions clear in regards to the United States remaining in the Paris Agreement, a large faction of well-known companies have made it very clear they want to remain part of it” [Logistics Management], 2020 “Is John Kasich finishing the tour, or just getting started?” [Matt Bai, Yahoo News]. “An enthusiastic, born-again Christian, Kasich criticized an executive order, issued by President Trump the day before, that lifted some restrictions on politicking in places of worship. ‘I don’t believe these religious people ought to be endorsing candidates,’ he said. ”They ought to be figuring out how to clothe the homeless or feed the poor, not all of this political nonsense.'” Especially since government shouldn’t be doing that? 2018 “Paula Swearengin, 42, is an accounting clerk and single mother of four from Coal City, West Virginia. On March 9, she announced that she would challenge Manchin in the Democratic primary. She is a newcomer to politics and an early beneficiary of Brand New Congress, a political action committee founded by former members of Senator Bernie Sanders’s presidential campaign” [The New Republic]. Interesting interview: I don’t care if the DNC backs me or not. This is a people-funded campaign. The DNC has failed us in many ways here in West Virginia. They failed us when they nominated one of the biggest-polluting coal barons in West Virginia: Governor Jim Justice, who mines three miles from my house and puts silica dust in my children’s lungs. That’s a failure of the Democratic Party. I hope we rise up and realize that, Democratic or Republican, we all have the same set of values. We all want clean water for our children, clean air for them to breathe, and to not worry about our families getting buried miles deep in a coal mine and suffocating to death. 2017 MT-AL: “In the race for Montana’s at-large House seat, Republican Greg Gianforte led Democratic Rob Quist by six points in a poll conducted by a Democratic super PAC late last month” [Roll Call]. FWIW… MT-AL: “U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders’ rally Saturday for Rob Quist has been moved to the Adams Center in Missoula, which holds up to 7,500 people” [The Missoulian]. “Quist, the Democratic candidate for Montana’s lone U.S. House seat, was originally set to appear with Sanders, the former Democratic presidential candidate, at the Wilma, which holds 1,400 people with standing-room only.” Health Care “Harkin: O-Care Should Have Been Single-Payer But ‘We Blew It'” [Talking Points Memo (2014)]. “”We had the votes in ’09. We had a huge majority in the House, we had 60 votes in the Senate,” Harkin told The Hill, saying that the first Congress of President Barack Obama’s administration should have passed ‘single-payer right from the get go or at least put a public option (which) would have simplified a lot.'” So when you hear a Democrat loyalist say “We didn’t have the votes” on single payer, you can throw this in their face share this with them. Realignment and Legitimacy “Change Dot Ugh: The Popular Petition Site Profits Off Progressivism” [Paste]. “But the truth is that when you fill out a Change petition, you’re giving your information to a company that sells it to the highest bidder. The popular petition site uses your well-intentioned activism to profile you and sell you sponsored content — and most of its 150 million reported users don’t realize it. Change isn’t interested in change. It’s interested in profit.Billy Penn (DB)]. Stats Watch No Econoday stats today. State Employment and Unemployment Summary: “Unemployment rates were lower in April in 10 states, higher in 1 state, and stable in 39 states and the District of Columbia, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today. Nineteen states had jobless rate decreases from a year earlier, and 31 states and the District had little or no change. The national unemployment rate, 4.4 percent, was little changed from March but was 0.6 percentage point lower than in April 2016” [Bureau of Labor Statistics]. Rail: If coal and grain are removed from the analysis, rail over the last 6 months been declining around 5% – but this week it IMPROVED 0.6 % (meaning that the predicitive economic elements improved year-over-year). Also consider rail movements are below 2015 levels – even though they are above 2016 levels” [Econintersect], Retail: “While rivals like Target Corp. are reporting sagging sales and declining foot traffic, Wal-Mart’s same-store revenue rose 1.4% in the first quarter…. The gains complement a 63% surge in U.S. e-commerce sales, and indicate that the company’s strategy of investing both in store improvements and online operations is starting to pay off. Those efforts include a campaign to reduce inventory in stores that has placed additional pressures on suppliers. Wal-Mart is also blurring the lines between its e-commerce and brick-and-mortar businesses by encouraging customers to pick up online orders in stores. One problem Wal-Mart hasn’t cracked: how to boost sales without sacrificing margins” [Wall Street Journal]. Retail: “Why predictions of a ‘retail apocalypse’ are overblown” [CNBC]. “Brick-and-mortar is not in fact defunct. Instead, it is evolving, and successful retailers are embracing a shopping experience that blends a variety of platforms and that ultimately creates the engagement necessary for a brand’s success…. As shown by the renewed appeal for showrooming in the apparel retail industry, digital retailing and brick-and-mortar are complementary.” Retail: “How a Lack of Liquidity is Tanking Retail—And Who’s to Blame” [Sourcing Journal]. “The common culprits blamed for the retail flame out are a shift in consumer shopping habits and the rise of e-commerce sales. And while both have done plenty of damage on their own, one additional factor is responsible for making store chains less able to weather the tempest: a glut of leveraged buyouts that too often have become a business distraction and a financial drain….” Real Estate: “Blackstone Group LP, the world’s biggest private equity fund, told investors to dial back their expectations for property returns as the “great run” of the past five years becomes harder to replicate” [Bloomberg]. Shipping: “Uber Freight finally hits the road by launching brokerage services in Texas” [DC Velocity]. “It chose to formally start in Texas because of the state’s large volume of traffic, according to Eric Berdinis, Uber Freight’s senior product manager.” Really? Not regulatory arbitrage? Shipping: “With Uber Freight, Travis Takes on Trucking” [Wired]. “Travis”? WTF, Wired? “Still, Uber holds an advantage when it comes to software and managing data. But, as in its campaign to topple the taxi industry, it all hinges on pricing. Existing brokerages typically take a 12 percent cut on deals they arrange, Petersen says; Uber isn’t revealing its rate, but it has the cash and expertise to do the same job for far less.” “Cash” is a delicate way of saying “squillionaires playing the ponies,” isn’t it? Shipping: “[Uber] it appears happy to burn through its cash, a model which could allow it to take less than the typical 12% cut that truck brokerages take” [The LoadStar]. “[Uber] says it will determine pricing based on market conditions and experience.” And the cash. As you just said. The Bezzle: “U.S. Startups Fail to Attract Expected Crowd of Small Investors” [Bloomberg]. “It’s been a year since U.S. rules went into effect enabling anyone — not just the ultra-wealthy — to buy a slice of a startup. Turns out, few are interested.” Maybe the marks small investors were’t as stupid as Obama and the investment community thought? The Bezzle: “Riding Shotgun With Uber CEO Travis Kalanick” [Fortune]. Wretched excess in Uber’s new headquarters building. Too much stupid money sloshing about. The Bezzle: “Snap Inc. is being sued by a former employee who claims the company, parent to social media app, Snapchat, inflated growth metrics ahead of its March 2017 initial public offering. According to his complaint, which was initially filed in January in Los Angeles County Superior Court, Anthony Pompliano alleges that he was lured from Facebook in 2015 to Snapchat to focus on user growth and engagement and was fired after he refused to go along with inflated figures to make the company look better” [The Fashion Law]. The Bezzle: “We got one of Apple’s patented round pizza boxes” [The Outline]. “The box is thin and round… Like all Apple products, the proprietary standard of the box makes it incompatible with third-party products…. As Apple watcher John Gruber wrote when Steve Jobs resigned in 2011, ‘The same thought, care, and painstaking attention to detail that Steve Jobs brought to questions like ‘How should a computer work?’, ‘How should a phone work?’, ‘How should we buy music and apps in the digital age?’ he also brought to the most important question: ‘How should a company that creates such things function?'” Here’s what I know: Apple makes the Mac gets incrementally worse with every release. That goes for hardware (no more MagSafe connector, shitty MacBook Pros, stagnant desktops) and software. iOS is a mashed together botch of inconsistent affordances, and OS X gets more like iOS every release (in addition to not fixing long standing horrors, like Apple Store). Then again, to long on the bright side, go long dongles, at least for now. The Bezzle: “Hedge fund-backed pharma company that fed opioid crisis now seeks to profit from treating it” [LittleSis]. Tha’s a neat trick! Political Risk: “Watch These Corners of the Market to Gauge the Chances for Trump’s Agenda” [Bloomberg]. Five Horsemen: “Apple bounces best from yesterday’s smash” [Hat Tip Jim Haygood]. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 50 Neutral (previous close: 43, Greed) [CNN]. One week ago: 62 (Greed). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed. Last updated May 19 at 11:57am. Mr. Market’s angst reduced by special prosecutor? Our Famously Free Press “Facebook blocks Pulitzer-winning reporter over Malta government exposé” [Guardian]. Good thing Facebook’s blocking progress is formal and open, with an appeals process. Oh, wait… Gaia “Arctic stronghold of world’s seeds flooded after permafrost melts” [Guardian]. “[T]he Global Seed Vault, buried in a mountain deep inside the Arctic circle, has been breached after global warming produced extraordinary temperatures over the winter, sending meltwater gushing into the entrance tunnel…. ‘It was not in our plans to think that the permafrost would not be there and that it would experience extreme weather like that,’ said Hege Njaa Aschim, from the Norwegian government, which owns the vault.” Eesh. “Songlin Fei, a forest ecologist at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana, and his colleagues tracked the shifting distributions of 86 types of trees using data collected by the US Forest Service’s Forest Inventory and Analysis Program during two periods: from 1980 to 1995 and between 2013 and 2015 for all states. They found more species heading west than north, probably partly because of changing precipitation patterns, the team reported on May 17 in Science Advances1. ‘That was a huge surprise for us,’ says Fei” [Scientific American]. “‘This study suggests that, in the near-term, trees are responding to changes in water availability more than to temperature changes,’ he says.” Class Warfare “Unemployment in the U.S. Is Falling, So Why Isn’t Pay Rising?” [Bloomberg], News of the Wired “Cooking in the Archives: Bringing Early Modern Manuscript Recipes into a Twenty-First-Century Kitche” [Archive Journal]. “Taste is the elusive element that we try to recreate when we cook these historical recipes. The recipes in this archive are dominated by strong tastes: fresh and dried herbs, fragrant spices, citrus, offal, cream, custard, distilled orange flower and rose waters, wine and sack. Many recipe books include recipes for preserving these very flavors, including flower waters, syrups of violets, rosemary tincture, homebrewed liquors, and preserved fruits and vegetables of all kinds. It’s an archive of intense flavors that capture each ingredient and each season in its prime.” “DARPA’s Synthetic Biology Initiatives Could Militarize the Environment” [Slate]. “Among other initiatives, researchers at DARPA are attempting to engineer insects to deliver protective genes to plants; to transform bacteria and yeast into factories to produce on-demand chemicals and fuels; and to develop methods to reverse any threats posed by gene drives. (Gene drives are a mechanism, both natural and human-induced, that drives genetic traits through a population, in some instances to suppress a population.)” What could go wrong? * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (pq): pq writes: “The 4/26/2017 daily plant photo was taken on April 23, this one on May 17. I can’t swear they’re the same plants, because the entire shoulder along the guardrail has exploded into a jumble of horsetails, blackberry, tansy, and tall grasses. But it’s close enough.” That is the great thing about Spring! * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the Naked Capitalism fundraisers. Please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00300 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on May 19, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Notes From an Emergency: Tech Feudalism The Bank Competition Myth → Subscribe to Post Comments 136 comments fresno dan May 19, 2017 at 2:08 pm “Harkin: O-Care Should Have Been Single-Payer But ‘We Blew It’” [Talking Points Memo (2014)]. http://www.counterpunch.org/2017/01/12/obama-obamacare-and-single-payer/ It is a remarkable thing how much lying pervades every single thing in the US Reply ↓ Pat May 19, 2017 at 2:26 pm I don’t even have to read the article to know there is nothing there that will convince the idiots who still think Obama was admirable. They will immediately go “alternative history”. I know because they still try to pull that one on me when I point out that the Public Option was in the House bill and could have been passed with Reconciliation same as the final version of ACA but Obama had already promised the Big Three that no such thing would happen regarding health care and insurance in America. They just get quiet when I start spouting facts and vote counts. Reply ↓ katiebird May 19, 2017 at 2:38 pm Or insist on the lie that there were never 60 votes in the Senate. Or the lie that Obama was helpless without those 60 votes: Obama NEVER went to the Capital to twist arms — vote for HR 676 you MF or I’ll hold up every appropriation for your state/district till you change your mind — or something. The President has a lot of power. But as far as I know the only arm that got twisted was Dennis Kucinich’s Reply ↓ jo6pac May 19, 2017 at 3:21 pm Yes, if obomber would have channeled LBJ it would have happened in the first week Reply ↓ ambrit May 19, 2017 at 8:19 pm That’s predicated on the illusion that the “O” man was a Democrat. (If he had channeled LBJ, he probably would have entered a fugue state and still be there today. I can hear the dissonant chords of the opening crescendo now; “Fugue in Dem. Minor.”) Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 3:31 pm People don’t mention Kucinich as often. He’s one of the very few to speak up against the current Russia hysteria, when other ‘progressives’ are either silent or falling for it. Reply ↓ katiebird May 19, 2017 at 3:39 pm I know, I like him a lot. His treatment was terrible. Reply ↓ Annotherone May 19, 2017 at 3:51 pm Indeed! He’s too good for this nation! The people of the USA simply do not recognise a good thing when it’s right in front of them. He was ridiculed and denigrated, back in 2004 when campaigning for the presidency. I felt thoroughly disgusted by his treatment. Bernie, at least did better with the general public, if not the DNC. Reply ↓ IowanX May 19, 2017 at 5:28 pm Kucinich got the Bernie treatment before we quite understood who the D’s really are. A canary in the coal mine, if you will. “A wonderfully clarifying election” ~ Lambert Reply ↓ Mark Anderlik May 20, 2017 at 11:11 am 100+ Reply ↓ HopeLB May 19, 2017 at 4:25 pm Funny how so often, Kucinich and Ron Paul were the few dissenting voices. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim May 19, 2017 at 4:27 pm If Obama had twisted arms like, say, LBJ, we’d be wrapping up our first decade under a single payer system. Reply ↓ Mark Anderlik May 20, 2017 at 11:19 am I think this is more wishful thinking than anything. It’s the public option that we might of had for the last decade. And those of us working for this on the ground hoped that the ACA with the public option would help set up the argument for single payer. Even without the public option, we are now seeing a much stronger movement for single payer health than there was before the ACA. Reply ↓ marym May 20, 2017 at 11:58 am It’s retroactive wishful thinking to imagine that not making the case and doing the political work for something good, supported by decades of polling, and sorely needed, is a good way to get it. It’s incredible that after all these years, the coming to pass of all the predicted ACA problems, and its vulnerability, that defenders are still making this excuse. Reply ↓ Mark Anderlik May 20, 2017 at 6:14 pm I don’t know about you, but I have worked on organizing health care insurance reform since before Bill Clinton was President. I was advocating for single payer back then and do so (with just a few quibbles) today. Perhaps your memory of organizing for health care is different than mine, so I would appreciate hearing how single payer was close to becoming a political reality when Obama was elected. The campaigns for hc change we were organizing BEFORE Obama was first elected were difficult to say the least. As I recall most of the thousands of ordinary Montanans we spoke with then and until the ACA was passed were skeptical of government intervention and of the ability to make change in any way. The ACA was not our first choice(or even third choice), but the ineptitude of the Clinton Admin on health care and the campaigning of the hc industry, limited what was possible. Sorry for being so prickly but the work we on the organizing grassroots put in on the ACA clearly and intentionally laid the necessary foundation for single payer. Today I dare say single payer of some sort is a majority opinion in Montana. Or at least close. Reply ↓ marym May 20, 2017 at 7:14 pm I don’t know if it would have been politically possible. I argue that Obama and the Democratic establishment chose not to try, despite the many factors that put them in a strong position to make the case to the public, influence reluctant Congresspersons, and get the job done. They made that choice not because they thought a rube -goldberg expensive, inefficient, inadequate contrivance was what people wanted; or because there’s any evidence on this planet that it’s a way to provide affordable, universal healthcare. They made the choice because it’s what their donors wanted and because they believed, and continue to believe, that a few crumbs dropped from the neoliberal banquet of grift are good enough. It’s interesting that you cite Montanans as objecting to government intervention, as I thought one of the good things the ACA did was to provide Medicare to the people of Libby, Montana. Reply ↓ Mark Anderlik May 20, 2017 at 9:38 pm I agree with your assessment by and large. However whether or not a single payer plan could pass was a critically important question for the short run at the time. What is often overlooked is that there was a huge organized grassroots effort to make even the crumbs from the neoliberals possible. Congress and the president would not likely have even accomplished what they did without this movement. And now there is a new constituency to maintain and expand the ACA. Many people who are fed the neoliberal crumbs now are more confident that there is more bread on the table. As for Libby, in Montana as elsewhere I suspect, there is a profound contradiction in attitudes about government action. The government is viewed with suspicion and disdain, until it comes with money. It is reflected in the attitude that I actually heard a woman say “keep the government hands off of my Medicare” Reply ↓ Kim Kaufman May 19, 2017 at 4:27 pm Kucinich sold out. In return for his vote, the famous arm-twisting from Obama on Air Force 1, his wife got to sit on Michele Obama’s garden commission and some similar trifles. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 5:52 pm Can we find any politicians who voted against Omabacare, but are speaking up against the current Russia hysteria? Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 6:35 pm Purists with no knowledge of political power and how it is exercised are quick to accuse whomever of selling out. How do we know what Kucinich was threatened with on that plane ride? ” Nice wife and daughters you got there Kucinich. Such a shame if something was to happen to them.” I wonder if somebody put a horse’s head in Dennis’s bed. Reply ↓ Kim Kaufman May 19, 2017 at 8:16 pm I didn’t say he was threatened. I said he changed his vote but got nothing of substance – for us the people – in exchange for it. I forgot the few things he got for himself and his wife now but I was told on very good authority. Reply ↓ Procopius May 20, 2017 at 8:48 pm I can agree that the claim “there were never 60 votes in the Senate” is uncertain, it certainly is not a lie. The Democrats never had but 58 party members in the Senate, and that was after Franken was finally certified and before Ted Kennedy died. In normal times they should have been able to count on picking up at least one or two Republican votes to make up for the uncertainty of the vindictive, corrupt, loathsome Weepin’ Joe Lieberman, but the Republicans established a unity never before seen in history. Remember that through the whole process there were a number of Democrats who claimed they would not vote for it “unless …” Louisiana Purchase, anyone? I wish Obama had ignored Rahm Emanuel and tried for it, but he decided the risk was too great, and I think he had a better idea of where the votes were than Tom Harkin. Obama did a number of bad things, and I still think he’s the last moderate Republican, but I can’t be sure he was wrong on finally deciding to drop the Public Option. Reply ↓ RUKidding May 19, 2017 at 3:53 pm Same experience here. The usual excuse I get is that the “Obama tried, but Republicans wouldn’t let it happen.” No, in fact, that’s not the case. It’s entirely possible that the Public Option would not have passed, although I think it stood a chance. That said, Obama went behind closed doors and made a deal (for himself) with the Big Three BigInsurance, and ACA is what we got stuck with. I’m really tired of Democratic voters diefying Obama and making excuses for him. At least try to live in reality most of the time, please. Please note: I used to be a Democrat, but I pretty much gave that up after Bill Clinton and the third way b.s., which basically means: We call ourselves “Democrats” (using their fingers as scare quotes), but we run things Just. Like. Republicans…. except we are a teensy tiny bit more liberalish. Reply ↓ RepubAnon May 20, 2017 at 12:20 am One of those 60 “Democratic Party” votes was Joe Lieberman. Joe Lieberman personally spiked Medicare for All out of spite. Reply ↓ bob May 20, 2017 at 2:36 am Spite AND representing his CT Insurance constituency. Reply ↓ Pat May 20, 2017 at 6:55 am You mean McCain supporter Lieberman. There were pressure points that could have been put on him, like ousting him completely from various committees, including those he chaired. The Democratic leadership, *cough* Obama, chose not to do so. Reply ↓ Darius May 19, 2017 at 2:35 pm Democrats like to whine that the Senate filibuster prevented them from passing better health legislation, conveniently omitting that Bush never got 60 Senate votes for his tax cuts. Republicans know to use budget reconciliation to get around the filibuster. They need only 50 votes plus Pence if they ever can agree on O-care repeal. Democrats act like they never heard of reconciliation to justify their inaction and strengthen their embrace of victimhood at the hands of the evil Republicans. Reply ↓ RepubAnon May 20, 2017 at 12:23 am There’s rules to the reconciliation process. The big one is it must be revenue neutral, or reduce the deficit. Easy for folks who want to fund tax cuts by gutting the social safety net… but a bit harder for Democrats. Reply ↓ Pat May 20, 2017 at 6:50 am And those tax cuts were revenue neutral, not. So put up some bull level numbers of some cuts that will be immediately reinstated and do what the Republicans have done – game that rule. If the owners had wanted it, even the Dems would have figured out a temporary revenue neutral… Oh wait they did with ACA as well. Reply ↓ Carolinian May 19, 2017 at 2:46 pm My parents, country Baptists, were imperfect people but I can’t recall either of them ever telling a lie. Lying was considered a sin. While I’m not religious myself I do wonder if changes in the country’s religious landscape have had some effect on its ethics. It may be that an irrational or, if you will, faith based fear of doing wrong is necessary to counter our deep evolutionary instincts to be selfish and greedy and to say whatever is necessary to further those aims. Or not. But all the scoffing at organized religion–much of it justified–tends to ignore the degree to which religion once formed the basis for most of our citizens’ ethics. To be caught out in a lie was considered a disgrace. Now nobody seems to care unless, of course, your name is Trump and most of his supporters don’t care when he does it either. Reply ↓ local to oakland May 19, 2017 at 3:42 pm Thanks for this. In addition to what you wrote, here is a thought. I don’t know whether it matters whether the ethic be rational or faith based, but there may be a developmental window in a child’s life in which it is important to teach and reinforce practical ethical norms to get responsible ethical adult citizens. In the US, public school and church both, I believe, worked at reinforcing such faith based norms until we became aggressively secular. Also too, so did the competing forms of religious schools created by Roman Catholics and Jews. Freedom from religious conformism at school is I think an important development in our tradition of constitutional rights. However, public schools in my limited experience do not treat ethics at all either theoretically or practically. If they do it comes from the initiative of individual teacher or principals. School rules are functional at best, arbitrary at worst, not touching any larger values. So school can become a Lord of the Flies type environment. And unless fortunate in their parental and other influences, many students graduate with an ad hoc ethic with large aspects of either go along to get along, or success at all costs. It seems to me that one part of child development includes a child absorbing ethical norms from their environment much as they do language. I don’t believe the public schools we have today have been designed or implemented with this in mind. Speaking more generally, as you probably already know, such concerns and complaints about declining traditional morals can also be found in Roman literature as the latin speaking elite struggled with the challenges inherent in becoming a polyglot, multicultural empire and bemoaned the lack of traditional virtue and pietas in their children. I wonder whether certain aspects of these challenges of multiculturalism and moral decline are inherent in the process of becoming a large and powerful empire. Both having power and lacking the experience of hardship or struggle shape character in ways that seem to make the development of virtue more difficult. Also, the personal encounter with competing forms of religion and ethics while broadening and fostering tolerance can also create doubt as to the truth, and the importance of any traditional form of religion, whatever it might happen to be. In short, I agree and I think this is an important issue. Reply ↓ Carolinian May 19, 2017 at 4:31 pm Of course religion has formed the basis for endless misbehavior throughout history and as our society has changed so has religion (“prosperity gospel”). But as you say, teaching children to have a sense of right and wrong is not an arbitrary choice but is, in fact, an entirely rational activity for societies to pursue. Perhaps one reason our white collar crime laws are so weak is that it used to be assumed that wealthy people with a reputation to protect would avoid behavior that might lead to disgrace or accusations of dishonesty. Now it’s let the lawyers sort it out. Those who work the system may even boast about their cleverness. Reply ↓ mk May 19, 2017 at 7:34 pm Think of the children attending Catholic churches and schools who are taught right and wrong and then are molested, raped, beaten by their teachers/priests/nuns. Not just Catholics, but they are a very good example. And this is not something that started happening recently, it’s been going on for hundreds, if not thousands of years. Not much change for this religion. Reply ↓ Mo's Bike Shop May 19, 2017 at 8:46 pm Until sixth grade, I enjoyed a small village education where every teacher was thoroughly aware that you could be a Selectman in less that twenty years. Every suburban school I was in afterwards had heh-heh bullies totally gaming the system. Reply ↓ Sue May 19, 2017 at 3:44 pm Believe me. I know many politicians at all levels who go to church every Sunday and a few hold a theology major. The more they have to win, the bigger their lies Reply ↓ clarky90 May 19, 2017 at 6:48 pm I have learned to judge people by their actions, rather than what they say or their demeanor. When I worked in a wool scour (factory to wash the lanolin and poop out of the raw wool), we had a foreman who was an unfriendly, bossy prick (His nickname was “Little Stalin”). BUT, when things broke down or if we needed help, “Little Stalin” would dive right in and help us. We never had to ask. Forget about what a person says. How do they live?? How big (GINORMOUS or tiny?) is their carbon footprint? How well do they take care of their friends and family? How have their kids turned out? Are they kind to animals? Are they trustworthy? Do they practice what they preach (their life makes internal sense)? Do they take advantage of the weak? Do they wear a mask (fake)? The older I get, the less weight I place on what is said…… If a notice orders you to, “Report to the town square with 10 kg of luggage. You, and your family are being transported “To the East (Poland) for a beneficial resettlement”, or “To the North (Siberia), for a beneficial resettlement”. And the notice is in the Main Stream Media, or from a Government Office, do you believe and comply? Or not? How do you judge? Reply ↓ clinical wasteman May 20, 2017 at 2:15 am Saying — and writing — are types of doing. Sometimes worthless, but unlike, say, real estate brokerage or rugby, not always. Reply ↓ Massinissa May 19, 2017 at 3:59 pm The problem IMO, is that most of the people today who say they are extremely devout are just as prone to lying or whatever other thing as anyone else. If they were to lead by example maybe atheism wouldn’t be quite so prominent today. Reply ↓ local to oakland May 19, 2017 at 4:17 pm Certainly. There are a number of traditional proverbs, never mind scripture texts, that my grandparents would have known by heart, re difference between talk and action, re the relative trustworthiness of silent vs chattering people. By their fruits shall ye know them would be one biblical example. Still waters run deep would be another cultural teaching that is partially relevant to your point. I’m not remembering a more precise example. Simply adding a large dose of traditional folk proverbs, possibly from all influential US cultures, would be one positive step toward adding practical wisdom to the US school curriculum. Anyway, thanks everyone for indulging my rant. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 20, 2017 at 4:20 pm “Do unto others as you would have them do unto you” (sadomasochists excepted). There’s a fairly universal prescription for us. Reply ↓ WeakendSquire May 19, 2017 at 4:26 pm It’s got to be more complex than that. Religion has changed, too, with the rise of mega churches and charismatic pastors with slimy ethics. Not to mention the outright hypocrisy of many Roman Catholic priests. In this environment I’m not sure it would make any difference if secular humanists suddenly got religion. ALL institutions are suffering from a legitimacy crisis, which is why they are resorting to more and more authoritarian measures to retain control over people who do not trust them. Reply ↓ IowanX May 19, 2017 at 5:59 pm This is an interesting conversation, and I actually think it’s more important than people know. I’m going to hoist a link from this morning. I’ve run downtown-focused nonprofits for more years than I want to remember, in wealthy cities, poor cities, and small towns. I DO understand how culture has changed, but the causal arrows are hard to aim. As an Iowan, I know how much the Maytag family gave back to Newton, until they got bought out and Fred Maytag III started making beer in San Francisco instead of washers in Iowa. You can’t really participate in “Associations” if you don’t know if you can come to a meeting (or bowling night, or pool league, or book club, or Kiwanis, or prayer group, or whatever) on Tuesday evenings. Precariat employment prevents predictability, (and disposable cash). Predictability (availability to participate) and disposable cash (I can buy a round) is necessary for associations to form, build and grow. TBTB WANT us to be alienated from ANY kind of group action, (even if pool league is harmless fun). Ya can’t tell the good guys with pool cues from the bad guys with pool cues? Just a guess. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic May 19, 2017 at 8:33 pm Religion is just another profit center and has been for hundreds of years. Ever been to the Vatican? It rivals Trump Tower for expensive display of garish wealth. Jesus would be appalled but he doesn’t live there anymore. Reply ↓ HotFlash May 19, 2017 at 5:05 pm Odd, I was thinking this morning that if, say, Hillary actually believed in God and God’s justice, she would be a much different person. Ditto Obama. OK, perhaps what I really mean is not God’s justice, but God’s punishment, everlasting in Hell. Which I don’t believe in — I think we have the whole enchilada right here, and that is why we have to Do It Right This Time. But I wonder how some people who say they are Godly can behave so wickedly. God’s work? I am reminded of Robertson Davies‘ conclusion, “God is not the only answerer of prayer.” Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 5:36 pm Excellent post, hat tip to you Carolinian! I’ve been having thoughts on the demise of religion and its effects on society for quite some time now as well. I’ve come to the conclusion that religion has been supplanted by the mass media and modern scientific propaganda techniques as a means for social control. The first nail in the coffin for religion was the invention of the printing press. Folks were finally able to purchase and read the bible in their own language and no longer had to just take the priest’s word for it on Sunday. 200 years and many devastating wars later, the Catholic Church’s monopoly on God was but a memory. The second nail in the coffin was the industrial revolution. All the scientific advances that allowed this event to take place slowly eroded the credibility over time of the church, both Protestant and Catholic. The bible’s stories of creation, once widely regarded as fact were revealed to be nothing more than made up stories. Epidemics were no longer understood to be the wrath of God, but rather the wrath of tiny microbes and curable not by prayer but by man himself. The third and final nail in the coffin was the advent of mass media and Bernaysian propaganda. The invention of radio and television allowed governments and corporations to beam their message into every home in the land every day of the week. The Church, already divided into a thousand pieces and with its credibility in the dumpster never stood a chance; they only had their audience’s ear once a week on Sunday and were stuck with the same ancient propaganda messages written down long ago in the bible. On the other hand, the propagandists crafting the messages broadcast over radio and television had no such restrictions. Their slick, focus grouped propaganda was (and still is) free to appeal the most primal and brutal parts of human nature, and I think that’s where we lost our values. You can see these changes manifest in the relationship between governments and the church now vs the pre-printing press era. Prior to the advent of the printing press, the Church was a high ranking partner of the government that owned vast amounts of land, levied taxes, and even waged war on occasion. Nowadays, government-church collusion is forbidden in the west, and it is the mass media that is government’s social control handmaiden. Proto-propaganda in the form of pamphlets, posters, and whatnot had existed since the dawn of printing, however the mass media really “made their bones” so to speak during WW1 with Eddy Bernays’ Committee on Public Information. Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 6:43 pm If a religion-based ethic is necessary for long-term social survival, perhaps the general ethic behind the various different-in-detail Indian Nation religions should be studied? It led all its various practitioners to conduct an eco-positive onward-and-upward bio-friendly terraforming project over the milleniums on their lands up to the age of Western Intrusion. My working-operational world-view lives in the gray zone between these two Credal Poles. 1: The God of Selection is a Callous God and Its first true prophet was Darwin. 2: If Mama Corn ain’t happy, ain’t nobody happy. Reply ↓ PhilM May 19, 2017 at 2:57 pm It is all lies. Everything. Every 13-year-old should hear this little talk. “All your life you have been told the importance of telling the truth. Like everything else you have been taught, except arithmetic, that was a lie, to influence your behavior for the convenience of your parents and teachers. As you grow older, you will see that telling the truth serves others; that is why they tell you to do it. If you observe what they do, not what they say, you will see that everyone around you is lying. And not just in the human world: all animal communication is merely a signal designed to influence behavior; each communication must be considered a manipulation, one to your disadvantage until proven otherwise. The sooner you learn to lie persuasively, the better off you will be.” But every child probably knows this already because they grew up with the internet. I come from a generation and a class where truth was thoroughly indoctrinated, to my enormous disadvantage in life. Reply ↓ jo6pac May 19, 2017 at 5:44 pm LOL and agree with your last sentence. Reply ↓ Gaianne May 19, 2017 at 9:36 pm And yet truth is required for the making of agreements. As truth evaporates from the West, Americans become not-agreement-capable, as the Russians put it. This is not quite the happy utopia you imagine. –Gaianne Reply ↓ Jeff W May 19, 2017 at 6:24 pm It is a remarkable thing how much lying pervades every single thing in the US Benjamin Studebaker on “A Hierarchy of Lies and Falsehood” here. I used to say to my dad, who tells me what he heard on this cable news show or that talk radio that week, that it was really difficult to unravel and unpack the lies pervasive in the mainstream discourse but, actually, Ben Studebaker’s typology makes it a bit less difficult. (It’s still not easy.) Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 2:39 pm RE: Arctic stronghold of world’s seeds flooded after permafrost melts Via Wikipedia: “Spitsbergen was considered ideal because it lacked tectonic activity and had permafrost, which aids preservation. Its being 130 metres (430 ft) above sea level will keep the site dry even if the ice caps melt.[9] Locally mined coal provides power for refrigeration units that further cool the seeds to the internationally recommended standard of −18 °C (−0.4 °F).[11] If the equipment fails, at least several weeks will elapse before the facility rises to the surrounding sandstone bedrock’s temperature of −3 °C (27 °F).[4″ How’s that saying about plans and divine laughter go again? Reply ↓ jrs May 19, 2017 at 3:41 pm there is no technocratic solution .. maybe seeds should be preserved by actually growing them like the slow food people say. Reply ↓ Randy May 19, 2017 at 4:36 pm Over the years I have had the best luck and longevity(viability) of my stored seeds by storing them in my basement at ~50*F/30% humidity. I have tried storing in the freezer at 0*F with poor results. I successfully started 8 year old tomato seeds this year, 10 year old radish seeds last year. 30 years ago 3 year old frozen “beans” would not sprout but a friend started an 18 year old basement stored “bean” last year. Pea seeds seem to be the least amenable to storage. Anybody else have experience/observations to share about seed storage? Reply ↓ Shane May 19, 2017 at 5:02 pm I’m an avid food gardener and I think the attitude that you can just freeze it all for now and worry about what to do with it later is a terrible strategy, as shown by the arctic vault flooding. Likewise the attitude that we can grow millions of acres of the same strain of a crop and stuff what little remains of the genetic diversity that used to exist into vaults and pull it out later if we need it. Crops need to be grown regularly to maintain not just the health of the crop, but also the volume of seed needed to grow it on a meaningful scale, and the skills required to handle each strain’s peculiarities. Putting all your eggs in one freezer is a recipe for failure. Modern crops are bred to be hyper-responsive to fertiliser and often irrigation, making them relatively indifferent to local geology and climate. If/when industrial agriculture fails the lack of access to locally adapted land-race staple crops is likely to make a return to subsistence agriculture an even more difficult process that it would otherwise be. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 19, 2017 at 6:17 pm I’ve found peas to be relatively easy to save too and will be trying some Marfax beans that I saved from last season this year. And a side note: evidently saving the seeds in the ground works too. I had tried planting some lettuce in one patch last year that would not grow no matter how many times I re-seeded it. We had very dry weather and by the end of the summer the patch was pretty much dust, despite repeatedly watering it. Did some edging around that patch yesterday to get the garden ready for planting and noticed little lettuce plants coming up all over the place. Sometimes it seems like all the work I put into my tiny garden is completely wasted and I’d be better off just throwing a bunch of seeds around the yard and see what comes up! Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 6:50 pm There must be a million gardeners in the US. Maybe 100,000 thousand of them are good gardeners. What if each one of those good gardeners each adopted ONE SPECIFIC temperate-zone variety of something to save? That would assure One Hundred Thousand varieties being saved and maintained. What’s another way to keep as many varieties saved and maintained as possible? Buying valuable and useful true-variety seed from seed companies qualified to maintain it for real and at quality year after year after year. And paying more to buy shinola food from shinola growers who pay more to shinola companies for shinola varieties of seed. Both approaches would help. Reply ↓ ratefink May 19, 2017 at 10:38 pm well, Baker Heirloom has had some really fun and delicious ones that I’ve planted, and I’m really not much of a gardener. Also, they are always looking for locally preserved strains. Reply ↓ Shane May 20, 2017 at 12:00 am This is a good idea but has a couple of complications. Firstly many crops are outcrossing (cucurbits, most grains) so each strain needs to be isolated from others to prevent unwanted crossing, plus require large populations to select next years seed from to maintain quality. Traditionally this was achieved by many neighboring farms growing the same basic strain each year, with crossing happening between farms. Most suburban farmers would struggle to grow a hundred pumpkin plants or influence what their neighbors grow. Secondly even for self pollinating crops (most legumes and solanums) accessing the genetic diversity that remains in the seed vaults is difficult. More difficult is figuring out which variety they should be ideally growing in their location. Even with seed vaults lots of genetic diversity has been lost, and just as importantly the know how about how to grow which crop where is also lost. If the industrialised nations ever had to return to subsistence agriculture it would be a rocky road for these reasons. Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 6:46 pm “locally mined coal” . . . That’s one for the Department of Irony Department. Reply ↓ Optimader May 20, 2017 at 1:53 am Hope they put it all up in argon filled balljars! Scourge 2 will be the feast of the Arctic Mouse Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 2:41 pm Real Estate: “Blackstone Group LP, the world’s biggest private equity fund, told investors to dial back their expectations for property returns as the “great run” of the past five years becomes harder to replicate” I guess they’re running out of retail chains with extensive real estate holdings to loot. Reply ↓ loblolly May 19, 2017 at 2:54 pm I guess they’re running out of retail chains with extensive real estate holdings to loot. I thought they followed this up with property-less shell retail chains? Maybe manufacturers are tired of being left holding the bag. Now there is no one left to rent their abandoned big box sites. Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton May 19, 2017 at 2:44 pm Ah, yes, we here in Austin will now once again be treated to the joy of having Uber and Lyft lie about the taxi industry now that the anti–big-government state legislature has passed a law that prohibits cities from demanding ride-sharing companies comply with the rules everyone else has to follow. Fortunately, my cab-driver husband’s taxi is a Dodge Caravan, so there’s room for us to live in it when he can no longer earn enough for the rent. I’ll just have to find a Starbuck’s to stake out to spend the day, I suppose. As for Paula Swearingen, Blue America, which rants on and on about how the DCCC and DSCC refuse to support progressive candidates, has refused to support her on the grounds that even if she beats Manchin she can’t beat a Republican. So, they’re going to raise money for the sure bets, and Ms. Paula will just have to do the best she can. They were also the ones who screamed “anti-abortion” when Bernie endorsed Heath Mello when, in fact, the man has done all he can, given his circumstances, to mitigate anti-abortion legislation. I’ve started telling people to ignore anything that looks like, sounds like, walks like or smells like a PAC and just give money directly to candidates. Reply ↓ Jen May 20, 2017 at 4:52 am Oddly, I just tried that and my contribution was “flagged for review.” Hmm….. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 2:55 pm RE: Famously Free Press Commentariat, I propose we give the faceborg censors a Soviet nickname. I looked up “Censorship in the Soviet Union” and here’s what popped up: “Censorship in the Soviet Union was pervasive and strictly enforced. Censorship was performed in two main directions: State secrets were handled by the General Directorate for the Protection of State Secrets in the Press (also known as Glavlit), which was in charge of censoring all publications and broadcasting for state secrets. Censorship, in accordance with the official ideology and politics of the Communist Party was performed by several organizations: Goskomizdat censored all printed matter: fiction, poetry, etc. Goskino, in charge of cinema Gosteleradio, in charge of radio and television broadcasting The First Department in many agencies and institutions, such as the State Statistical Committee (Goskomstat), was responsible for assuring that state secrets and other sensitive information only reached authorized hands.” I vote for either Glavit, or Gosrunet, a portmanteau of Gos_____ and runet which is a popular term for the Russophone internet. Reply ↓ HotFlash May 19, 2017 at 5:12 pm I’m thinking Goskomizdat, since by def, fake news is fiction. It may, on occassion, rise to poetry. Plus the word sounds like a cat coughing up a hairball. Reply ↓ IowanX May 19, 2017 at 6:12 pm I never do this (comment much) but ya gotta use the GOS “portmanteau”…GOS also stands for “Great Orange Satan”–a nickname for Daily Kos. Reply ↓ Biph May 19, 2017 at 6:22 pm That might work for something or someone else too. Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 6:53 pm Well . . . one would want to integrate the name Facebook into your Soviesque terminology . . . to make it memorable and viralizable. Maybe try words and names like this: Faceglavlit. Facekomizdat. Facekino. Facetelradio. and . . . The Faced Department. Reply ↓ LT May 19, 2017 at 3:16 pm Dispatches from The Bubble: http://www.tabletmag.com/jewish-arts-and-culture/233794/the-future-of-media-is-here/ Boston’s “third annual Content Marketing Conference, a sold-out, $1,250/ticket, four-day powwow for 300 marketing professionals flown in from San Fran and Toronto and other prosperous North American cities. They will sleep at the conference hotel in $349/night rooms with swanky waterfront views.” WiFi password “Superhero” – (not kidding!!) Some zingers: “Plastic cases on the chair seats contain hagiographic baseball cards for each Superhero speaker. Their faces are in Superhero green, Superhero names and Superpowers are on the back. The Digital Dynamo and Killer Content Girl both fight against a common enemy, Captain Crappy Content…” How did it get to this point? “Consumers and users are eager to be trained and educated, Handley tells the crowd. By creating content stories that fill this void, marketers are practicing “what I call pathological empathy. Which is next-level empathy. Not just ‘we understand you, we get you,’ but ‘we really get you.’” Handley pauses to let this sink in. “We’re not just walking around in your shoes—we’re walking around in your skin.” The S.W. considers that the void Handley speaks of is in part the result of journalism’s collapse. In the absence of stories told by humans to communicate about being human, companies tell people stories about being consumers. Readers consume the information made available to them in this way because they are unable to turn off the human impulse to understand the world…” Reply ↓ HotFlash May 19, 2017 at 5:15 pm Don’t they have books or movies? Reply ↓ LT May 19, 2017 at 6:02 pm Yes, indeed. But speaking of movies, I’m reminded of a flick from a few years ago “Sex Tape.” Most people thought the sexual innuendo was the point of the movie, but in between the lines of that premise was a couple, both with “new media content” types of jobs (the wife a blogger, the husband a type of music curator). But as they go around trying to keep their image from being tainted, it’s revealed how little they understand about “the internet of things.” Reply ↓ jrs May 19, 2017 at 6:32 pm yes he’s not even on the right level of abstraction in thinking of journalism as “stories told by humans to communicate about being human”. Because it’s not really the human condition anyone wants to understand from journalism but rather social conditions (ok and journalism isn’t nor has it ever been sufficient all by itself for that really). Reply ↓ craazyboy May 20, 2017 at 3:28 pm But apparently not The Whoopie Cushion. Hooray For The Whoopie Cushions! Truth, Justice, and the America Way… pfft, and you jump out a mirrored glass window, waving bye, bye to your Peter Pan Super Person image. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 5:39 pm Wow, I’m REALLY glad I didn’t grow up to become a marketer. Those zingers are vomit worthy. Reply ↓ clinical wasteman May 19, 2017 at 3:20 pm Complete agreement re Apple products, especially the ever more tabletty Macbooks and downgrades — sorry, “up-” — of OSX towards the dismal condition of iOS. At least as far as people trapped into using those things tell me. But for the same reason I wish (without much hope) long life to the “stagnation” of the desktop hardware, specifically in the sense of accommodating “old” but not quite ancient operating systems and relatively insult/injury-free versions of the software running on them. Reply ↓ PKMKII May 19, 2017 at 3:45 pm What, you don’t enjoy them porting over from iOS to the macbooks the feature of the device going into low battery auto-shutoff even though there’s more than 20% battery left? Reply ↓ Big River Bandido May 19, 2017 at 3:53 pm As a musician and 25-year Mac user, I am sweating the future. My livelihood is dependent upon high-quality software, and powerful gear to run it. Reply ↓ DJPS May 19, 2017 at 4:27 pm Build yourself a Hackintosh! I followed the instructions exactly as shown on tonymacx86.com and built a windows/hackintosh for $1k that apple wanted $8k for. They have Amazon prime links on tontmacx86 to the exact items you need to buy, so you could get it all tomorrow! A little daunting at first, but it just took a few hours in the end. It wasn’t that difficult to do in retrospect. Reply ↓ WobblyTelomeres May 19, 2017 at 4:54 pm That looks pretty simple. Not much different at all from any old roll-your-own PC. Bookmarked if for friends that I can’t convince to run Linux. Reply ↓ Gaianne May 19, 2017 at 10:02 pm It is time to point out the strategic difference between Linux and and the five horsemen of the technocalypse: Linux has no strategic interest in forcing you to upgrade, nor a strategic interest in crapifying their software. In contrast, if you stay with Apple or Microsoft, whatever you are doing will be obsolete in five years, and their offerings to migrate to will be even less functional. Personal story: A friend who does recording (in a small way) just got locked out of his Pro-Tools sound studio. They want more money! I never read his terms-of-service, so I don’t know if they had a sleeper clause, or what. What I do know is that my own work is safely on a CD and it does not matter if the computer files are lost forever. And I also know that anything you depend on you want to own free and clear. Reply ↓ Judith May 19, 2017 at 3:26 pm Patrick Lang on Lieberman as potential director of the FBI: http://turcopolier.typepad.com/sic_semper_tyrannis/2017/05/httpwwwtheamericanconservativecomarticlesfreemans-fight.html Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 19, 2017 at 3:35 pm O Globo Calls For Michel Temer to Resign This newspaper has supported from the first moment the reformist project of President Michel Temer. It believed then and it believes now that, more than any other, his plan is the right one for Brazilians, because only it will make Brazil find the path to growth, which is crucial for the well-being of all Brazilians. Reforms are essential to lead the country towards political stability, social peace and the normal functioning of our institutions. … Resignation is a unilateral decision by the president. I.e., not what is best for him, but for the country, this should be the decision that Michel Temer eventually makes. This is what good citizens expect of him. For those just tuning in, O Globo is Brazil’s major media monopoly (imagine CNN, Fox and MSNBC all rolled into one excremental package), and it was Globo that was the major driving force behind the impeachment of Dilma Rousseff and the installation of Temer in her place. The question here has never been whether Temer is corrupt; it is whether he has the oligarchy’s support. With this editorial, Kingmaker O Globo indicates that that support is now gone. Reply ↓ Vatch May 19, 2017 at 3:38 pm “DARPA’s Synthetic Biology Initiatives Could Militarize the Environment” [Slate] I hope they haven’t discovered the protomolecule. Reply ↓ cocomaan May 19, 2017 at 5:53 pm I’m reading Cibola Burn right now. Good stuff. Reply ↓ Vatch May 19, 2017 at 9:23 pm So far, I’ve only read the first two. Reply ↓ PKMKII May 19, 2017 at 3:54 pm Curious to see how Swearengin does. It was largely dismissed by the punditry as irrelevant and inescapable, but Gore failing to win WV in 2000 (and every Democratic candidate since) struck me at the time that something was wrong. That was solid, union member, working class Democrat country. Dems losing it meant the voters stopped seeing them as for the unions and working class. Hope she can bring back the working class politics there. Reply ↓ WeakendSquire May 19, 2017 at 4:45 pm Given that she seems to be basically anti-coal mining, she will not break 20%. Attacking Jim Justice–the most popular man in the state? His coal mines and other businesses provide jobs for working people. What is it about “progressives” that they can’t understand that? The Brand New Congress people are nearly as tone deaf as the DNC when it comes to working people. Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton May 19, 2017 at 5:11 pm Those who live in coal country would be perfectly happy doing something else than workin’ in the coal mine. The problem is not the loss of those jobs. It’s the loss of those jobs that were then never replaced with anything else. Furthermore, they aren’t stupid enough not to know the coal industry is dying, a few hardcore unicorn-riders notwithstanding. Dismissing Swearingen, as I noted earlier, is as hypocritical as those tone-deaf Democrats in the DNC, because doing so plays right into their hands. This is why so many good candidates lose—because people who aren’t on the ground where they are decide they aren’t viable and voice that opinion loudly where it can do the most damage. Gerrymandering “works” because the party in power creates the districts so as to encompass as many people who voted for them in the last election in one bunch. However, that assumes there aren’t more than enough people able to vote who didn’t because they had no one to vote for. Or voted for the party in power because they heard over and over there was no point in doing otherwise. We have to stop chopping ourselves off at the knees before we even get to the starting line. That kind of defeatism, especially when flavored with elitist cynicism, is what got us where we are in the first place. We can convince people who’ve given up any hope of having control over what happens to them they can get that control back if our only message is “there’s no hope.” Reply ↓ HotFlash May 19, 2017 at 5:29 pm Paula’s website is here, if you like her you can donate directly. We don’t need no stinkin’ DNC. Put me down for $27. Reply ↓ jawbone May 20, 2017 at 12:53 pm I really like the “Repeal and Replace Congress” slogan and the t-shirts. Also, “Reset Democracy” is good. And the purple color choice. Now, if only I had the money to purchase and donate as I would like to…. Reply ↓ Jeff W May 19, 2017 at 6:54 pm I agree completely. And, whether or not she is “anti-coal mining,” Paula Swearingen seems very much pro-coal miner. Here’s a bit of her stump speech: PAULA SWEARINGEN: I was born in West Virginia, and I was born a coal minert’s daughter, grand-daughter… and in West Virginia, you are told to live, breathe, eat, literally coal. We’re told that coal defines us. So as a little girl I was proud of my coal heritage. I was proud to be the coal miner’s daughter. But as I watched the progression of what coal did to my family, I wasn’t so proud any more. My grandfather spent 45 years in the coal mines, and I watched him suffocate to death. My father served in the military in Korea, and he was a coal miner, and he had cancer and I watched him suffocate. My step father has heart disease. He’s had open heart surgery. And he gets up every morning and he suffers. But that was only the beginning of what I learned about the suffering in Appalachia… Is there any coal mining family that won’t relate to that? Sen. Sanders won all 55 of West Virginia’s counties in the Democratic primary. At that town hall in March in McDowell County, West Virginia, he was cheered by an audience of almost all Trump voters. I would not rule out Paula Swearingen, who is more closely aligned policy-wise with Sanders than with the establishment Democrats, Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 6:59 pm The Swearingen experiment deserves to be run. If certain side-effects of coal mining . . . the disease, the broadacre land destruction, the water destruction . . . are not popular with people who suffer from them, then Swearingen might get some votes from people affected by those certain side-effects of coal mining. Reply ↓ Carla May 19, 2017 at 4:24 pm “That was solid, union member, working class Democrat country. Dems losing it meant the voters stopped seeing them as for the unions and working class.” The failure was not on the part of voters. Here, let me fix the second sentence for you: “Dems losing it meant voters realized the party had abandoned unions and the working class.” That’s what happened. Why not say so? Reply ↓ PKMKII May 19, 2017 at 4:53 pm Because whether they are or aren’t is irrelevant in elections; voter perception is everything. Reply ↓ Kim Kaufman May 19, 2017 at 4:40 pm Lifted from facebook friend: “Special counsel Robert Mueller was working at a law firm (Wilmer Hale) which represents Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, as well as former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort. So, despite Mueller’s credibility as well as the fact that he just resigned his law firm position to accept the appointment, doesn’t this STILL seem like a partisan Trump political appointment…. AND don’t we STILL need a truly independent investigation into any Trump campaign ties to the Russians?” The same conflicts of interest will be brought up with Lieberman’s present employer Kasowitz Benson Torres & Friedman but everyone’s mum on Mueller. Not a great article but details some of the unsavory cases Kasowitz has handled for Trump: http://www.politicususa.com/2017/05/19/employed-donald-trumps-favorite-law-firms-joe-lieberman-run-fbi.html Wtf? Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 19, 2017 at 6:35 pm Interesting tidbit on Mueller but it doesn’t necessarily follow that he’s in the bag for Trump. My assumption would be quite the opposite. And regarding this – …AND don’t we STILL need a truly independent investigation into any Trump campaign ties to the Russians? Tell your friend that no, we don’t. Multiple intelligence sources have stated on the record that there’s really nothing to see here and no evidence of illegality. It’s all the off the record spooks spreading rumors and insinuations. If they had anything on him, we’d have heard about it by now. Know what I want to know? Whatever happened to all those women who brought accusations of sexual impropriety against Trump just before the election?!!??!?!?!? You’d think all the pussy hats would be screaming about that but it’s been crickets since election day. Makes one wonder if that was all just more Clinton-fabricated bul**hit too. Reply ↓ Kim Kaufman May 19, 2017 at 8:21 pm read the link: “Later that month, Marc Kasowitz, a partner in the firm, wrote a threatening letter to the NYT demanding it retract an article about two women who claimed Trump touched them “inappropriately.” Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 9:00 pm Did the NYT back down or stand by the story? Reply ↓ Kim Kaufman May 19, 2017 at 8:25 pm More from Marcy Wheeler: https://www.emptywheel.net/2017/05/19/the-kushner-comey-connection/ “Trump may well think Flynn is a nice man that deserves his loyalty. More likely, though, Trump knows that Flynn could sink his son-in-law. I believe that’s why Trump had to fire Comey in an effort to undercut the Flynn investigation. And Rod Rosenstein, the survivor, just picked a partner from the firm of Kushner and Ivanka’s lawyer Jamie Gorelick, Robert Mueller, to take over the investigation into Flynn. Update: Sure enough, Reuters is reporting that Mueller, by design, may not be able to investigate Kushner or Paul Manafort. Within hours of Mueller’s appointment on Wednesday, the White House began reviewing the Code of Federal Regulations, which restricts newly hired government lawyers from investigating their prior law firm’s clients for one year after their hiring, the sources said. An executive order signed by Trump in January extended that period to two years. Mueller’s former law firm, WilmerHale, represents Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, who met with a Russian bank executive in December, and the president’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort, who is a subject of a federal investigation. Legal experts said the ethics rule can be waived by the Justice Department, which appointed Mueller. He did not represent Kushner or Manafort directly at his former law firm. If the department did not grant a waiver, Mueller would be barred from investigating Kushner or Manafort, and this could greatly diminish the scope of the probe, experts said.” Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 9:03 pm What is the significance of that meeting with a Russian bank executive (presumably not tied to Putin, otherwise, that would have been a major omission by the author)? Because Russian? Or Because bank executive? Reply ↓ Kim Kaufman May 19, 2017 at 10:27 pm I think it’s about the omission of disclosing it, for one thing. Otherwise who knows where this is going and where it will wind up. Reply ↓ gepay May 20, 2017 at 6:58 pm Since the Russian ties are a bogus proposition it doesn’t matter what Mueller does in that regard. what matters is who is he really working for? What section of the powers that be? The ones who got Trump elected or the ones who want him out and Pence in.The part of the military that regularly breaches international law in Syria (the bombing of Syrian troops in Der Ezoir to sabotage a cease fire and once again this past week) or those against regime change for Israel’s benefit). The neocons who are sad that Hillary lost and think about first strike feasibility or those in the powers that be that think detente with Russia is preferable. He definitely will do whatever the section he works for wants. Reply ↓ Foppe May 19, 2017 at 5:04 pm Erdogan’s bodyguards y’day afternoon apparently beat up a bunch of protesters in DC? https://twitter.com/turkeyuntold/status/865304412499173376 Is that a new thing? Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 7:02 pm Well . . . somewhat new that the security guards of some God Damned Foreigner would do such a thing. Normally it is American security guards or police doing such a thing here in America. But it is not entirely unprecedented. I believe Chinese security guards have sometimes beaten up American protesters on behalf of their Chinese government. And the Pinochet Chile-gov arranged the bomb-assassination of Orlando Letelier in this country. So it has happened from time to time. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 20, 2017 at 8:23 am And of course the Israelites make a practice of flouting other nations’ sovereignty and forging documents like passports to give their assasination teams “legends’ and cover to “reach out and touch” people they don;t like. And apparently can do it with impunity. And it’s an old story, https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2010/feb/18/british-government-dubai-mossad, that gets renewed regularly… And ask a “Philistine” in Gaza or the West Bank, or any Israeli citizens that go against the flux of the Likudnik corruptniks who “apartheid” it over all, how and why there is no protection against Israelite state violence, or recompense for those who suffer it. “Getting away with murder,” I believe it is called, like US cops who shoot kids and crazy people and other “citizens” — and of course what the Israelites do is typical of what the rest of the Owners do, here and everywhere. Ask native populations or land-reformers in Mexico and the rest of the “little nations” of Monroedoctrinia, or Africa… And what are the Owned here in the Empire going to do about all that? “Trans” bathrooms? Women in combat roles? “Petitions” to the legislature and executive to “please do better?” Grains of sand, resisting the advance of the tide, rolled and buffeted with each wave so the sharp corners and edges are eroded away… Reply ↓ Altandmain May 19, 2017 at 5:12 pm Re: The Bloomberg article on wages not rising Has anyone else realized how Orwellian the claims about the “job shortage” are? I just got rejected for another job after a phone interview … sigh, and I”m thinking there’s no shortage of people – there’s a huge oversupply of people and a shortage of jobs. If there were a shortage of people, employers could not just reject anyone at will. The situation would look like the Golden Age of capitalism or the tech sector in the 1990s where they would have to pay more and take people on even without as much experience as they liked. Employers want a person with years of experience, low ball them, and give them insecure employment. That’s what this is about. I’d be interested to see the decline in job quality in the US and Canada. Is anyone else reading NC struggling to find work? One other note, the jobs are paying significantly less than the jobs that existed before the recession. Real wages appear to be in decline and even nominal wages may be in decline in many sectors. Noticeably absent in the discussion is that the very rich are waging class warfare on the rest of the world. They are trying to enrich themselves at the expense of literally anyone else. The rich are really playing with fire here. The reason why such anti-immigration sentiment exists is because they keep demanding more immigration, when there are job shortages in the existing market. Oh and the Democrats are trying to ride it out. https://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2017/05/weathering-the-storm-democratic-leadership-is-play.html Oh and Nancy Pelosi opposes universal healthcare. https://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2017/05/nancy-pelosis-aversion-to-single-payer-may-cost-he.html This is just plain messed up. Reply ↓ cocomaan May 19, 2017 at 5:59 pm Hang in there, friend. You’ll find something. Every single institution I encounter these days seems to have no money. My state? Can’t balance the budget, is cutting all over the place. My workplace? No guarantee of a cost of living adjustment this year. My wife’s institution? Same thing. My brother’s healthcare institution? Riding completely by the seat of their pants. There’s a great big hole in the economy through which all our money is flowing. Marx talked about it: Finally, in the same measure in which the capitalists are compelled, by the movement described above, to exploit the already existing gigantic means of production on an ever-increasing scale, and for this purpose to set in motion all the mainsprings of credit, in the same measure do they increase the industrial earthquakes, in the midst of which the commercial world can preserve itself only by sacrificing a portion of its wealth, its products, and even its forces of production, to the gods of the lower world – in short, the crises increase. They become more frequent and more violent, if for no other reason, than for this alone, that in the same measure in which the mass of products grows, and therefore the needs for extensive markets, in the same measure does the world market shrink ever more, and ever fewer markets remain to be exploited, since every previous crisis has subjected to the commerce of the world a hitherto unconquered or but superficially exploited market. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 19, 2017 at 6:22 pm Thanks for the words of encouragement. Agree with the problem of every institution having no money these days. Apart from the rich, who often pay a lower effective tax rate, fewer people have taxable income these days that governments can raise. By extension there’s no money for everything else funded by taxes. Businesses feel the pinch with the decline in demand. Those collapses in the restaurant industry, auto industry, retail, etc I think are all caused by a fall in aggregate demand. The neoliberal order is its own worst enemy. Even for those who don’t agree with Marx’s solutions, I think that his criticisms of capitalism have a very good point. An Eastern European fellow once noted that only after the collapse of the Soviet Union did they realize that Marx had valid criticisms of capitalism. Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 7:04 pm You don’t need a weathermarx to know which way the cash flows. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 6:49 pm I think you can only build so man mansions along the California coast, so, the rich will always have to extra more to become richer, lest they lose their breath-the-ocean-air, watch-the-sun-set spots. Reply ↓ mk May 19, 2017 at 7:56 pm And those sea walls protecting their homes are very expensive! Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 6:56 pm I’m on the same page as you here. I think these stories are complete mularky because of how the labor force is defined. From BLS (https://www.bls.gov/cps/cps_htgm.htm): What are the basic concepts of employment and unemployment? The basic concepts involved in identifying the employed and unemployed are quite simple: People with jobs are employed. People who are jobless, looking for a job, and available for work are unemployed. The labor force is made up of the employed and the unemployed. People who are neither employed nor unemployed are not in the labor force. The labor force only consists of people with jobs or actively looking. We may have a low unemployment rate according to this metric, but it fails to describe the huge reserve army of labor that exists in this country: Just think of all the housewives and househusbands who are filling those roles because they either can’t get a job or can’t get a job that pays good enough to offset the cost of daycare? Or how about the people out in flyover who had the town factory close down who aren’t on a payroll or looking for a formal job but do some odd jobs for cash to make ends meet? Or the legions of petty drug dealers who are eeking out a living selling dime bags and 20 sacks? They’re not in the labor force either but the minute retail pay exceeds petty drug dealer pay (not much: http://articles.latimes.com/2005/apr/24/opinion/oe-dubner24) they’ll be looking for jobs too? The bottom line is there is no shortage of warm bodies available to work and I think that is definitely a factor in what’s keeping salaries in the toilet and enabling crapification. Furthermore, I think crapification serves to keep the labor force metric artificially small as it encourages folks to say “eff it, I’m done. I’d rather do some handyman crap and sell some pot on the side to pay my rent rather than suffer in the Tesla factory for slightly more $$$.” As of right now I don’t think the squillionaires have anything to fear from a civil disturbance so long as the lights are on, the people are fed, they control the major propaganda organs and the state security apparatus remains loyal. As for the future, things can go very wrong for team squillionaire if they fail in any of these areas, as in 1989-1991 USSR very wrong. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 20, 2017 at 11:59 am I think that Trump’s election is a sign that the elite are starting to finally and at long last lose legitimacy. They have very much earned it, but the problem is that many of the post-Soviet states were dominated by corrupt oligarchs who looted everything. Reply ↓ cat's paw May 19, 2017 at 7:26 pm Yeah, I am. Oversupply of applicants and shortage of decent jobs is my impression too. Working class and poor are already well screwed. Seems we’ve moved into territory where many professionals and the highly educated are also disposable; say like the post Soviet Russia era where looting became a genuine art form. Reply ↓ Octopii May 20, 2017 at 11:05 am Three men in my immediate family are unemployed and have not been able to find work for an extended period of time. Six months for my brother, over a year for my brother in law, and my father in law gave up and retired after several years of looking. All these guys are 40+ and they blame ageism. Their wives are employed and are carrying the family load, working long hours, two out of three in positions that pay much less than the men had earned. BIL is working part time retail selling bikes while he tries to start his own business (with no capital, yes, that should end well). Nobody except the oldest guy was able to save much of a cushion, and those cushions are long gone. On the other hand, everyone I know here in DC is working, busting their tail and doing pretty well. I myself just got hired quite easily for a great job and and am shutting the doors on my small business. Cause of death is benefits costs, pure and simple, meaning healthcare. I’m also getting worried about general stability and ageism, and am sacrificing some freedom to get in with a large employer now, hoping to get more current with some of the changes in my industry so as to stay employable. DC still seems to have a robust job market despite what’s going on elsewhere. For now. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 20, 2017 at 11:59 am Maybe I should consider moving to DC at that rate. There doesn’t seem to be anywhere in Canada doing very well. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 19, 2017 at 5:51 pm Imperial Collapse Watch? http://warisboring.com/the-f-35-just-got-1-7-billion-more-expensive/ This F-35, the LCS, and these other projects seem to be little more than efforts to make the military industrial complex rich. Generals should be banned from working in the defense industry after retirement. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 19, 2017 at 6:56 pm Those generals need cooperative politicians to get funding. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 19, 2017 at 7:10 pm I’m on board with you, but there are a legion of F-35 fanbois out there, believe it or not. Check out this forum, it makes for some very entertaining reading: http://www.f-16.net/forum/viewforum.php?f=22 As for the LCS, it doesn’t seem to have any discernible fanbois, but it does have some apologists: https://warontherocks.com/2016/01/why-choose-the-littoral-combat-ship-because-it-is-the-best-option/ Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 19, 2017 at 11:08 pm We have to many generals, and we need a better tax system to prevent the temptation for hooker and blow money. Outright banning is not necessarily a good idea. Reply ↓ tony May 20, 2017 at 3:18 am Personally I’m quite happy the MIC gets their money without needing to start any more wars. Reply ↓ Blurtman May 19, 2017 at 6:52 pm “We didn’t have the votes” on single payer, you can throw this in their face share this with them.” What about the Blue Dog Democrats? They would not have voted for singe payer. Reply ↓ different clue May 19, 2017 at 7:06 pm They should have been forced to vote against Single Payer in open view, before God AND C-SPAN. Reply ↓ katiebird May 19, 2017 at 7:16 pm We only needed 51 votes and Obama was wildly popular in 2009 among Democrats. If he wanted Single Payer to pass, it would have passed. He could have done it by April 2009. Obama didn’t want it, then or now. Reply ↓ mk May 19, 2017 at 7:57 pm I think of Obama as pimp daddy now, just a guy trying to pimp you out who will tell you anything he thinks you want to hear so he can get over on you. That’s Pimp Daddy Obama. Traitor. But he got his, didn’t he?! He’s a rich man now. Reply ↓ polecat May 20, 2017 at 12:57 am He be kickin it with his uber-rich homie Branson … and others like him, and got quite the grill … don’t he. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 19, 2017 at 11:06 pm Its actually simple. Obama flies to their district, holds a rally, and introduces his friend, some random state senator, ignoring the Blue Dog. Obama flies to the district, holds a rally, and publicly thanks the Blue Dog for taking the lead on support Single Payer in front of the 100,000 person crowd. Reply ↓ ewmayer May 19, 2017 at 8:56 pm “With Uber Freight, Travis Takes on Trucking” [Wired]. “Travis”? WTF, Wired? — Well after all, that *is* how techBros talk to each other, yes? Reply ↓ marym May 19, 2017 at 9:50 pm AHIP, AHA, et al. sternly worded letter to Senate As providers of healthcare and coverage to hundreds of millions of Americans, we are writing again to you as leaders in Congress to express our serious concerns about the continued uncertainty around funding for cost-sharing reduction (CSR) payments. There now is clear evidence that this uncertainty is undermining the individual insurance market for 2018 and stands to negatively impact millions of people… PDF for full letter Reply ↓ Adam Eran May 19, 2017 at 9:58 pm Wondering how the Mexicans profited from NAFTA? 1. A $20 billion loan from the U.S. to deal with capital flight, and not incidentally, rehearse the bailout of American banks by bailing out those in trouble in Mexico. 2. A 34% decline in real income (Source: Ravi Batra’s “Greenspan’s Fraud”). This is saying something in a country where half the population gets by on $4 or less a day. The only comparable decline in the U.S. was in the Great Depression. Of course nobody migrated then….oh wait! One might figure that shipping a bunch of subsidized corn down south would put lots of Mexican subsistence corn farmers out of business. After all, corn is only arguably the most important food crop in the world, and they were keeping the diversity of the corn genome alive, but they weren’t making any money for Monsanto! NAFTA was so unpopular in Mexico that the Harvard-educated Mexican president who proposed it–Carlos Salinas Gotari–retired to Ireland for a few years so the furor would die down, and presumably to be safe from the pitchforks and tar. Reply ↓ Emorej a Hong Kong May 19, 2017 at 10:46 pm Contrary to the snarky comment, there is value and importance EFF’s contribution here: “Fixing Trade Agreements In Five Simple Steps” [Electronic Frontier Foundation]. “Trade experts agree that without five simple fixes, Americans will continue to reject new trade deals….” Reasons, this comprehensive agenda for transparency and big-circle consultation: 1. rebuts the allegation that anti-TPP means “anti-trade” and “anti-modernity”. 2. would involve workers, consumers and voters. 3. would change the content of proposals, negotiations and final agreements. Reply ↓ witters May 20, 2017 at 12:42 am ”They ought to be figuring out how to clothe the homeless or feed the poor, not all of this political nonsense.’ Politics has nothing to do with food and shelter? What a place you guys have! Reply ↓ tony May 20, 2017 at 2:22 am Some old recipes don’t work with modern groceries. For example, meat is full of water these days, and has a different fatty acid composition. So is does not cook the same or taste the same. Reply ↓ stonecutter May 20, 2017 at 3:17 am We few, we happy few, we band of Americans; For he or she today that votes for me Shall be my sibling; be they ne’er so vile, This day shall gentle their social class; And people in blue states now a-bed Shall think themselves accurs’d they were not here, And hold their privileges cheap whiles any speaks That voted for Trump upon Election day. Reply ↓ Bob Haugen May 20, 2017 at 6:48 pm Wow, what a long comment thread! But still, I must add more: > I’m not sure what the Mexican farmers think about that, though. Those that might have objected are gone. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Lambert Strether on Links 5/20/17Apparently Perez's speech, which followed, did not go... Lambert Strether on Links 5/20/17The Maya handle our famously free press. The... Lambert Strether on Links 5/20/17Catholic renewal of baptismal vows. Do you reject... Jeremy Grimm on Links 5/20/17Magic disguises are called glamours in some of... Yves Smith on WSJ: JJ Jelincic to Leave CalPERS BoardYes, she's the one! Topics Africa (20) Australia (130) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,059) Banking industry (4,665) Brexit (55) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (574) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,635) Curiousities (273) Currencies (909) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,493) Dubious statistics (587) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,797) Energy markets (511) Environment (465) Europe (632) Federal Reserve (1,270) Free markets and their discontents (1,448) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (334) Globalization (1,112) Guest Post (6,626) Health care (397) Hedge funds (420) Income disparity (990) India (18) Infrastructure (82) Investment banks (747) Investment management (507) Investment outlook (856) Japan (204) Legal (1,915) Links (3,088) Macroeconomic policy (981) Market inefficiencies (234) Media appearances (74) Media watch (879) Middle East (150) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (293) OCC (12) Payment system (50) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,099) Private equity (523) Privatization (73) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,611) Ridiculously obvious scams (461) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (242) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,037) Social values (1,802) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (389) Technology and innovation (469) The destruction of the middle class (1,376) The dismal science (1,470) TPP (84) UK (121) Water Cooler (678) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 21, 2:28 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology What Do Humans Really Think Of Voice Assistants? Some Have Fantasies About Them By Denisse Moreno On 05/20/17 AT 12:00 PM Close As voice assistants like Amazon’s Alexa and Apple’s Siri get more popular, a new study found what humans think about the technology -- and it sounds like the 2013 movie “Her.” The study found people who use voice assistants regularly wish it were human, while others admitted to sexually fantasizing about their virtual assistant. Read: Siri Speaker: There's An 'Over 50% Chance' Apple Will Announce Device At June's WWDC The study, which focuses on voice technology implications for brands, was conducted by J. Walter Thompson Innovation Group London, a platform for research and analytics, and the media agency Mindshare Futures. More than 30,000 respondents in the U.K. took part in a two-week self-ethnography project from January - March 2017, jotting down their behaviors and attitudes related to voice technology. Researchers then analyzed two focus groups of 12 of the thousands of participants. Why Do People Use Voice Assistants? The study found 45 percent of regular users say they use the technology because “it’s fun,” which could be attributed to Alexa’s snarky responses, Siri’s jokes, etc. Meanwhile, 87 percent of regular voice assistant users say when the technology “works properly, it really simplifies my life.” Researchers predict voice assistants will be dominant at home and in vehicle (manufacturers like Hyundai and Volkswagen are already integrating Alexa in products), while retail and other public spaces will follow. For the study, researchers at Neuro-Insight used brain-imaging technology to analyze how the human brain reacts to voice assistants. They found voice interactions required significantly lower levels of brain activity than text-based. That could explain why 41 percent of all regular voice users said they use the technology when they are feeling lazy. “We found that many tasks demanded a lower ‘cognitive load’ from users when they used voice commands rather than text,” Heather Andrew, UK CEO of Neuro-Insight, told International Business Times. “In other words, voice is a more natural tool for us to use than typing, clicking or swiping on-screen.” Why Don’t People Use Voice Technology? Some smartphone users back away from voice technology because of embarrassment, with 22 percent saying they’d “feel stupid” for using it, the study found. However, researchers believe self-consciousness will disappear over time,. “Over the course of our research for JWT and Mindshare, we found that initial responses to voice assistants become more positive as the study progressed – a period of only about 30 minutes,” Andrew said. “So that indicates there is scope for many people who aren’t enamored with voice assistants to warm up to them given time spent with them.” Read: Amazon Echo Look: An Alexa Powered Camera Device That Works As Your 'Style Assistant' Meanwhile, 48 percent of non-voice users said they didn’t see a point in using the technology, while others cited privacy. Forty-four percent of regular voice users said they were “worried” about companies listening into their conversations while using a voice assistant.   Voice Assistants Acting Like Humans Researchers found people want their voice assistant to understand them properly, which is not a surprise, especially for those with heavy accents. “When the technology doesn’t always recognize or respond correctly to regional accents, that’s a major stumbling block which could deter a user from investing fully in the technology or the brand behind it,” Andrew said. Sixty percent of smartphone users said “if voice assistants could understand me properly and speak back to me as well as a human can, I’d use them all the time.” So does this mean companies should make voice assistants more human? Andrew said they should, but to a certain extent. “A more natural, human experience will encourage more natural interactions which are easier for us, therefore we’ll use those assistants more,” Andrew said. “However, there is a point at which the human-technology spectrum falls into ‘uncanny valley’ territory. This is the phenomenon of encountering a robot, or computer generated persona, that falls between what is definitely human and definitely robotic. It triggers strong feelings of unease and even revulsion, that will quickly turn us away from interacting with the offending object in future.” Humans Catching Feeling For Voice Assistants? In the movie “Her,” Joaquin Phoenix gets romantically attached to his voice assistant, and the study suggests that might not be such a fictional idea. Twenty-six percent of regular voice tech users said they have had a sexual fantasy about their voice assistant. Meanwhile, 37 percent of regular voice technology users said they love their voice assistant so much that they wish it were a real person. Voice Assistant Market The virtual assistant market is set to be worth more than $3 billion by 2020. Amazon, Apple and Google are the key players in the voice assistant market. Amazon’s Echo gadgets are taking the lead in the U.S., with the company’s recently released the Echo Look and Echo Show. Amazon is set to control 70 percent of the American voice-enabled speaker device market this year, a forecast from eMarketer this month said. Samsung is also trying to keep up by launching its voice interface Bixby for the Galaxy S8, which was released recently. Microsoft has created Cortana, but it lacks strong mobile platform or smart speaker to achieve scale, the study said. Other companies using voice technology include Facebook with its M assistant on Messenger, Starbucks with its “barista bot,” which the company is currently trialing, and even toy-seller Mattel, with its Hello Barbie 6. The Speak Easy study found voice technology users are significantly more likely to be young, male and affluent. Google voice search and Siri have the highest usage, with 11 percent of smartphone users using the technology at least once a week, while Alexa follows at four percent. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories 5 Expected Features Of Apple's Rumored Siri Speaker Amazon's New Echo Show: Price, Preorders, Features Recommended Business Uber Wanted To Partner With Tesla, But Musk Said No Travis Kalanick, CEO of the ride-hailing company, called Tesla CEO Elon Musk to propose a self-driving partnership between the two companies, a new book says. Technology Lockheed Martin, Raytheon And The Future Of Arms Deals In The Middle East The United Arab Emirates is making a $2 billion investment to upgrade its arsenal. World What Causes Islamophobia? Islamophobia is an exaggerated fear, negative sentiments and hatred toward Islam and those who follow the religion. National President's Aides Reportedly Intervened To Get Trump To Tweet Less President Donald Trump's tweeting habit has become a worrisome job for his aides as they are unfiltered and might get the president into trouble, sources told the Wall Street Journal. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 72F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 52F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 21, 2017 @ 1:41 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell The Blender Kevin C. Johnson keeps you up-to-date on St. Louis’ busy music scene from concert reviews, concert announcements, artist interviews, nightlife happenings, local features and more.  Close 1 of 7 Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Taylor Madison Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Smino/Apple Music New Artist of the Week Smino St. Louis-born Smino rides a wave of hip-hop success By Kevin C. Johnson St. Louis Post-Dispatch Kevin C. Johnson 14 hrs ago (…) Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Taylor Madison Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Smino. Photo by Taylor Madison Smino/Apple Music New Artist of the Week Hip-hop newcomer Smino, originally of St. Louis, is opening eyes nationally with his futuristic funk-rap debut album “blkswn.” Praises are ringing loudly for the 25-year-old, whose fresh sing-songy style distinguishes itself from the current sea of incomprehensible “mumble rap.” +6  Smino Apple Music recently named Smino a “new artist of the week” and said “the St. Louis rap outcast puts it down for his city.” And Vibe magazine said: “The standout beauty of ‘blkswn’ is its cohesion. In stark contrast to many of his peers in hip-hop, Smino’s sound isn’t overbearingly aggressive and is in many ways complementary.” Smino, who now calls Chicago home, is taking his sound across the country on his “Swanita Tour,” which comes to an end May 28 at Delmar Hall. (His December show at the Old Rock House was a sellout.) By the time the show — his first headlining national tour — hits St. Louis, he will have performed in cities such as Boston, Philadelphia, New York, Atlanta, Dallas, Los Angeles and New Orleans. “It’s dope. It’s way more than I expected, the response of the fans and how they’re reacting to the songs,” he says. “Places all over are selling out.” On the tour’s second stop, in Pontiac, Mich., Smino broke his foot while performing. But he hasn’t let that slow him down. “It’s all good,” he says. “I’m not canceling any dates. I just got on crutches. I didn’t need a boot or a cast — just a stool. I’ve been hobbling a bit.” Road to ‘blkswn’ Born Christopher Smith Jr., Smino grew up in North County surrounded by a musical family that includes his grandfather Lee Smith, a bassist who back in the day played with Chess Records artists such as Muddy Waters. Smino began rapping as a student at Hazelwood Central High School, where he says he was voted “best rapper” and “most likely to be famous.” His first mixtape was “Smeezy Dot Com” (2012), which he followed with two underground EPs, “S!Ck S!Ck S!Ck” and “blkjuptr” (2015). Smino released “blkswn” in March. The album is mostly produced by Monte Booker of the Zero Fatigue collective that also includes Ravyn Lenae and Jay2. Q • What’s “blkswn” all about? A • It’s the most honest depiction of my life. I explore my roots with this album. But it really represents black music. I was trying to touch on every aspect of it that we invented. That’s why I got a lot of different sounds on it. It’s soulful, peaceful rap music. “Innamission” is like swing jazz. “Blkswn” is some slow trap music. On “Lobby Kall,” that was me doing my inner Take 6. I really like Take 6 and how they made instruments out of their voices. “Glass Flows” (featuring Lenae) is new and old R&B at the same time. There’s a bunch of different stuff literally. Q • What do you want people to learn about you from the album? A • That I’m real — that I’m 100 percent honest. I don’t bend my words to appeal to any particular person. ... I was watching an interview with (singer-songwriter) James Fauntleroy where he was saying all the best writers don’t sugarcoat. Imagery is also how I approach my writing. I want to make you feel like you’re there. Q • What’s your writing process? A • It’s so random. My favorite way is to write in front of a microphone to get it right out there. I spend a lot of time in the studio with Booker going back and forth. I love writing in the the studio. But I take my inspiration from everywhere. Q • What’s your favorite thing about the album? A • That it’s done, and it’s out at this point. I’ve been working on it for three years. It was called “Zero Fatigue” at first. It’s a piece of work I’m really proud of. Q • Why did it take three years? A • I wanted to make sure I was straight before getting that kind of attention. I played drums in church and was given compliments a lot. It taught me to stay humble. ... So I released EPs in the meantime because I felt it was too soon to go off and do a debut album. Q • What role did Ferguson play on the album? A • I went to Bermuda Elementary (in the Ferguson-Florissant School District), then moved to Hazelwood. It’s definitely on my album. “Ricky Millions” is about that. I remember walking down the street with my big cousin and getting pulled over on the street and they searching our pockets and book bags. When Mike Brown was killed, it made me look back on all the things I came up seeing. This is not new. It’s been a problem. Chance comparisons Since breaking through, Smino is compared frequently to Chance the Rapper. The biggest thing they have in common, though, is that both live in Chicago. (The two recorded together on a 2016 Chance the Rapper song that also featured Big Sean and Jeremih.) “It’s a bull(crap) comparison,” Smino says. “I feel it’s just lazy.” Q • How do you feel about the Outkast and Anderson .Paak comparisons? A • I’m not mad at it. It’s cool. I definitely did it. The Dungeon Family was a big inspiration in my life. I love Outkast. I listened to “Speakerboxx” while I was making the album. With Anderson .Paak, I’m a drummer who croons, so I get the comparisons. Q • Who would you call influences? A • A lot. Tye Tribbett because he puts on a show. Lots of gospel acts influenced me. Missy Elliot had influenced me. She’s somebody who’s got a style. Ludacris is flamboyantly carefree with what he says. Kanye West has that confidence and knows how to carry himself. T-Pain, all his music is ratchet as hell, but he still harmonizes. Q • Did Nelly influence you? A • Nelly influenced the (crap) out of me — showed me how to represent the city, the Lou. Still repping St. Louis Smino arrived in Chicago in 2010 to attend Columbia College Chicago. Before dropping out, he majored in art entertainment and media management. (He jokes that he studied “weed and rap.”) I didn’t study (anything). I felt I could learn all this (stuff) on Google. Q • Do you think you would be where you are now if you hadn’t left St. Louis? A • They don’t have the resources in St. Louis. I won’t sugarcoat it. Q • Why did you decide to release “blkswn” on 314 Day (March 14, when St. Louis’ black community celebrates all things local). A • I did that on purpose. I had to do it like that. At first I was going to release it in December, but man, on 314 Day they just go crazy. It definitely impacted. Q • Why is it important for you to uplift St. Louis as you do? A • A lot of people don’t want to go back to where they’ve been if they’ve made it out. But I felt the reason I left St. Louis was to help St. Louis. I saw what was going on. I went to Chicago in 2010 and got a taste of what was going on. I met Chance before he blew up. I met everybody before everybody was famous. I got a glimpse of how they have different scenes and venues and how they all knew each other. The most difficult thing about St. Louis is artists finding artists — creatives finding creatives. It’s so comfortable in Chicago. The artist community is wide open, and there’s so much love and some sort of structure. But I’ll always uplift St. Louis. And the more I do it, the more artists from the city will see it. ‘Fame...Baby, remember my name’ Since breaking through with “blkswn,” Smino has seen some changes that he could get used to. “I was finally able to get myself a home,” he says. “I had been staying in the studio for three years — my manager’s studio. But thanks to my album, I was able to buy an apartment in Chicago. I can do different things I wanted to do. But I don’t do too much. I get to travel now. But there’s not a lot that I’ve done. I’m really focused. All I really do is music.” Q • What was your reaction to the thumbs-up from Apple Music? A • That was crazy to me. There’s a lot of cool stuff going on, but I was taught to not get too wrapped up in the cool things too soon. When I found out about it I thought they (Apple) would just post it. I didn’t know it would be on everybody’s phone. I was like, “Whoa, for real?” It was crazy. My mama sent me a screenshot. Q • Have you gotten much feedback from other artists about your work? A • Lots. Wale. Metro Boomin. Bryan Michael Cox. Chance is always showing love. Also Missy Elliot. T-Pain performed with me onstage in Atlanta (Smino had been doing T-Pain’s ‘Chopped and Screwed’ during his set). It’s been crazy how the music world has been perceiving me. Smino - blkjuptr May 16, 2017 (…) From Chance the Rapper to Kendrick Lamar to 'Hamilton,' hip-hop is king There’s little mistaking the state of hip-hop in 2017. As the hit song goes, it’s “All the Way Up.” Zero Fatigue presents 'Swanita Tour' featuring Smino, Monte Booker, Jay2, Bari When • 8 p.m. Sunday Where • Delmar Hall, 6133 Delmar Boulevard How much • $20-$22 More info • ticketmaster.com Tags Blkswn Smino Kevin C. Johnson Delmar Hall Anita Old Rock House Apple Music Blkjuptr Monte Booker Zero Fatigue Ravyn Lenae Jay2 Chance The Rapper Outkast Music Singing Kevin C. Johnson Kevin C. Johnson is the pop music critic for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Kevin C. Johnson Close Get email notifications on Kevin C. Johnson daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Kevin C. Johnson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Kevin C. Johnson Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular Lost but not forgotten: 400 St. Louis treasures Fall TV update: What's renewed, what's canceled Tapped, a restaurant and self-pour bar, opens in Maplewood Singer Chris Cornell hanged himself, medical examiner says Pointfest canceled following death of Soundgarden's Chris Cornell Follow Kevin C. Johnson Latest St. Louis-born Smino rides a wave of hip-hop success Mark your calendar for these summer music festivals Pointfest band Pierce the Veil will perform intimate show at the Firebird 'The Voice' auditions taking place at Busch Stadium The Chainsmokers bring rave-like show to Scottrade Center Quick links Comics/games Pop off forum The Blender Tube Talk Your loved one will be featured in the full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
SoftBank Vision Fund Announces First Major Close In Addition to the Public Investment Fund, SoftBank Group and Mubadala, Initial Investors in Global Technology Fund include Apple, Foxconn, Qualcomm and Sharp SoftBank Vision Fund Seeks to Accelerate Information Revolution The SoftBank Vision Fund announces first major close. (Photo: SoftBank Vision Fund) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 20, 2017 10:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time SAINT HELIER, Jersey--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The SoftBank Vision Fund (the “Fund”) today announced its first major close with over U.S.$93 billion of committed capital. In addition to SoftBank Group Corp (“SBG”) and the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“PIF”) as previously announced, investors in the Fund also include the Mubadala Investment Company of the United Arab Emirates (“Mubadala”), Apple Inc. (“Apple”), Foxconn Technology Group (“Foxconn”), Qualcomm Incorporated (“Qualcomm”) and Sharp Corporation ("Sharp"). The Fund is targeting a total of U.S.$100 billion of committed capital, with a final close within six months. SBG created the SoftBank Vision Fund as a result of its strongly held belief that the next stage of the Information Revolution is underway, and building the businesses that will make this possible will require unprecedented large scale long-term investment. Additionally, the Fund’s portfolio companies are expected to significantly benefit from SBG's global scale and operational expertise, as well as its ecosystem of group portfolio companies (including Sprint and Yahoo Japan); this will thereby help them to accelerate their own growth profile. The Fund will be SBG’s primary vehicle to realise its SoftBank 2.0 vision, with preferred access to investments of U.S. $100 million or more that meet the Fund's investment strategy. Masayoshi Son, Chairman & CEO of SoftBank Group Corp. said: “Technology has the potential to address the biggest challenges and risks facing humanity today. The businesses working to solve these problems will require patient long-term capital and visionary strategic investment partners with the resources to nurture their success. SoftBank has long made bold investments in transformative technologies and supported disruptive entrepreneurs. The SoftBank Vision Fund is consistent with this strategy and will help build and grow businesses creating the foundational platforms of the next stage of the Information Revolution.” H.E. Yasir Al Rumayyan, Managing Director of the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, added: “Our investment in the SoftBank Vision Fund alongside other sovereign and corporate investors is an important part of our overall investment strategy. We are building a portfolio that is diversified across sectors, asset classes and geographies, and expect the Vision Fund to act as a platform to access a range of exciting, emerging opportunities in the technology sector. We expect that this will, in turn, help enable the Public Investment Fund’s role in supporting the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030 strategy to develop a diversified, knowledge-based economy.” Khaldoon Khalifa Al Mubarak, Group CEO of Mubadala Investment Company, said: “Our participation in the SoftBank Vision Fund perfectly complements Mubadala’s strategy as a long-term global investor and partner to the technology sector’s high-growth companies. Technology and innovation are central to the UAE’s economic diversification strategy, and we believe the Vision Fund has the scale to deploy significant capital into these disruptive industries that are shaping the future.” Investment Strategy The Fund will target meaningful, long-term investments in companies and foundational platform businesses that seek to enable the next age of innovation. The Fund will seek to acquire minority and majority interests in both private and public companies, from emerging technology businesses to established, multi-billion dollar companies requiring substantial growth funding. The Fund is expected to be active across a wide range of technology sectors, including but not limited to: IoT, artificial intelligence, robotics, mobile applications and computing, communications infrastructure and telecoms, computational biology and other data-driven business models, cloud technologies and software, consumer internet businesses and financial technology. The Fund will have the right to acquire certain investments already acquired (or agreed to be acquired) by the SoftBank Group, including 24.99% of its holding in ARM, and investments in Guardant Health, Intelsat, NVIDIA, OneWeb and SoFi. Key Leadership The Fund will be advised by wholly-owned subsidiaries of SBG, known collectively as “SB Investment Advisers”. Rajeev Misra will serve as the CEO of SB Investment Advisers and will be a member of the Investment Committee. He will play a key role in all Fund transactions, supported by a highly-experienced global team across offices in London, San Carlos, and Tokyo. Nizar Al-Bassam and Dalinc Ariburnu of newly formed Centricus, who advised on structuring and fund raising efforts for the Vision Fund, will continue their roles as advisers. ARM group SBG’s commitment to invest U.S. $28 billion in the Fund will be partially satisfied through the in-kind contribution of approximately 24.99% of the shares in ARM Holdings plc, at a value of approximately U.S.$8.2 billion. ARM will continue to be a consolidated subsidiary of SBG. SBG will continue to control (directly and indirectly) 100% of the voting rights of ARM, through its retained ownership of approximately 75.01% of the shares and its ownership of the entities managing and advising the Fund. In the course of discussions with certain investors in the Fund, a portion of ARM was requested to be transferred into the Fund based on the shared vision on the huge growth potential of ARM There will be no change to the Board, governance structure or operations of ARM as a result of the transfer. The investors in the Fund will not gain any special commercial benefits from ARM’s operating business. Relationship to SoftBank Group Corp. The Fund’s general partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SBG, as are each of the SB Investment Advisers, including the Fund’s primary investment adviser, SB Investment Advisers (UK) Limited. SBG has subscribed for commitments of U.S. $28 billion to the Fund to be contributed through a combination of equity in ARM and cash on hand. The Fund will be consolidated by SBG for accounting purposes. While the Fund will be the primary investment vehicle for investments in excess of U.S.$100 million consistent with the Fund’s investment strategy, SBG (and its subsidiaries) may continue to make certain investments outside of the Fund, including (but not limited to) investments in early stage VC, strategic investments done at the operating company level, and/or other investments which do not fall within the Fund’s investment strategy and criteria. This statement is issued by SVF GP (Jersey) Limited, as general partner of SoftBank Vision Fund L.P. ENDS Advisers Linklaters LLP acted as fund counsel and provided tax support. Kirkland & Ellis LLP acted as US regulatory counsel to the Fund, and Carey Olsen as Jersey fund counsel. Mori Hamada & Matsumoto and Maples & Calder provided additional legal and regulatory support. PwC provided tax, operational build and programme delivery support. Aztec Group will provide ongoing administration services. Goldman Sachs International acted as financial advisor. Milltown Partners provided strategic communications support. Legal disclaimers THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (THE “INFORMATION”) IS SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMERS, NOTES AND QUALIFICATIONS. No Offer. The distribution to you of the Information is made for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy limited partnership interests in SoftBank Vision Fund L.P. (together with, as the context may require, any parallel fund, feeder fund, co-investment vehicle or alternative investment vehicle, the “Fund”). The Information is not intended to be relied upon as the basis for an investment decision, and is not, and should not be assumed to be, complete. The contents of the Information are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice, and each prospective investor in the Fund should consult its own attorney, business advisor and tax advisor as to legal, business and tax advice. Forward-Looking Information. To the extent presented herein, any projections or other estimates included in the Information, including estimates of returns or performance, are forward-looking statements and are based upon certain assumptions. Other events which were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the actual returns or performance of the Fund and/or any of the companies in which the Fund, SoftBank Group Corp. (together with its subsidiaries, “SoftBank”) or any of their applicable affiliates have invested or may invest. Any assumptions should not be construed to be indicative of the actual events which will occur. Actual events are difficult to project and depend upon factors that are beyond the control of the Fund, SoftBank, the manager of the Fund (the “Manager”), the general partner of the Fund (the “General Partner”) and their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, advisers or agents. Certain assumptions have been made to simplify the presentation and, accordingly, actual results may differ, perhaps materially, from those presented herein. There can be no assurance that any specific investment referenced herein will be profitable, that the Fund will achieve results comparable to those presented or that investors in the Fund will not lose any or all of their invested capital. No Reliance. None of SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner or any of their applicable affiliates makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Information. SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner and their applicable affiliates will not be liable with respect to use or reliance upon any of the Information in the evaluation of a potential investment in the Fund or otherwise with the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank of any of their applicable affiliates. The Information speaks as of the date hereof, or where applicable as of the date indicated herein, and none of SoftBank, the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, managers, directors, officers, employees or agents have any obligation to update any of the Information. Certain Estimates. To the extent presented herein, any projections or estimates regarding the number, size or type of investments that the Fund may make (or other similar information) are estimates based only on the Manager’s intent as of the date of such statements and are subject to change due to market conditions and/or other factors. Date and Accuracy of Information. The Information contained herein speaks as of the date hereof or as of the specific date(s) noted herein, as applicable. The Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank and their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, advisers and agents do not have any obligation to update any of the Information. . None of the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank or any of their applicable affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein, and nothing contained herein should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to past or future performance of the Fund, any investment or any other entity. The Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank or any of their applicable subsidiaries or affiliates, and its and their respective members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents and advisors advisers cannot be held liable for the use of, and reliance upon, such materials and information and any opinions, estimates, forecasts and findings contained herein. Suitability. None of SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner or any of their applicable affiliate represents that the Information is all-inclusive or that the Information contains all information that may be desirable, necessary or required to properly evaluate a potential investment with SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner and/or their applicable affiliates. Any investment or investment activity to which this Information relates is available only to (i) persons falling within any of the categories of “investment professionals” as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001, as amended (the “CIS Order”) and Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “FPO”); (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of “high-net-worth entities” as described in Article 22(2) of the CIS Order and Article 49(2) of the FPO; or (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Exempt Persons”) on an invitation basis and will be engaged in only with such Exempt Persons. Furthermore, procedures are in place to assess the status of investment participants. Accordingly, persons who are not Exempt Persons (in particular, persons who would be classified as “retail clients” under the FCA rules) must not rely on this Information. In the case of persons outside the United Kingdom, investments or investment services referred to in the Information are only available on an invitation basis and are subject to procedures to assess status and suitability. For the avoidance of doubt, investments or investment services referred to in the Information are not available to private or retail customers. SoftBank and/or the Manager do not and will not act for you. In particular, SoftBank and/or the Manager do not and will not advise you or provide any other investment services to you and will not be responsible for providing you with any protections. No employee of, or other person associated with, SoftBank and/or the Manager has the authority to represent otherwise. Contacts USA Sard Verbinnen & Co Paul Kranhold / Megan Bouchier softbank-svc@sardverb.com +1 415 618 8750 or EMEA, MENA, UK Finsbury Rollo Head / Andy Parnis softbank@finsbury.com +44 (0) 20 7251 3801 or JAPAN SoftBank Media Relations sbpr@softbank.co.jp +81 3 6889 2300 or INDIA SoftBank Paroma Roy Chowdhury paroma@softbank.com +91 (124) 4131400 or Website More information can be found at https://softbank-ia.com/ Contacts USA Sard Verbinnen & Co Paul Kranhold / Megan Bouchier softbank-svc@sardverb.com +1 415 618 8750 or EMEA, MENA, UK Finsbury Rollo Head / Andy Parnis softbank@finsbury.com +44 (0) 20 7251 3801 or JAPAN SoftBank Media Relations sbpr@softbank.co.jp +81 3 6889 2300 or INDIA SoftBank Paroma Roy Chowdhury paroma@softbank.com +91 (124) 4131400 or Website More information can be found at https://softbank-ia.com/ Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Yesterday AAPL: 153.06 0.52 New photos show purported iPhone 8, iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus molds side by side Benjamin Mayo - May. 20th 2017 8:45 am PT @bzamayo iPhone 7 iPhone 8 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is expected to launch three new iPhone models this year, two iterative updates with similar industrial designs to  iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and one major radical new phone tentatively dubbed ‘iPhone 8’. A new set of photos have surfaced on Weibo purporting to show molds for all three of the new phones. They don’t really reveal anything what we haven’t seen rumored before, but it’s interesting to see the new size in context. More photos after the jump … Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial Something to note about this particular leak is that molds are usually jumping through two layers of indirection. The molds are likely meant to create iPhone cases or dummy iPhone units, not the actual iPhones themselves. Of course, case leaks have been a reasonably accurate predictor of next-gen iPhone hardware in previous years, so it would be silly to discount it outright. As reported before, the iPhone 8 — pictured middle — is much closer to the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 chassis size than the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Despite the similar physical dimensions, the iPhone 8 is expected to feature a 5.8-inch display thanks to dramatically smaller bezels horizontally and vertically. From the new photos, it seems the iPhone 8 is marginally taller and a fraction wider than the iPhone 7. The molds include cutouts for the rear camera. Again matching previous leaks, the iPhone 8 mold shows a vertical camera module. Other schematics indicate that this single bulge will contain two camera sensors and the flash. Apple likely had to reorient the dual-camera system from horizontal to vertical due to the drastic reduction in chassis width. All three molds include two holes near the middle of the extrusions. This is unlikely to relate to any specific iPhone hardware change and is simply a manufacturing artefact of how these molds are made. You can see a more complete iPhone 8 dummy from April to get a better idea about how the final phone would look. In terms of features, the iPhone Pro/iPhone 8 has been reported to tout new 3D-sensing front cameras, upgraded waterproofing, an Apple A11 chip, a bigger battery and more inside the redesigned stainless steel and glass chassis. The 7s phones may swap out aluminium for glass as the back material but in generally will look similar to the current generation iPhones. Apple is expected to unveil the iPhone 7s, 7s Plus and iPhone 8 in the fall at a media event in September. All three phones should feature wireless inductive charging capabilities. The iPhone 8 may go on sale later (October) than the modest iterative devices and is expected to carry a significantly-higher premium price tag. iOS 11 may give some more clues about what to expect from the next-gen iPhones; many are expecting the announcement of a Dark Mode to take advantage of the rumored OLED display, for example. Apple will announce iOS 11 at its WWDC keynote on June 5, as well as new versions of macOS, tvOS and watchOS. The debut of the 10.5-inch iPad Pro (also reported to be bezel-less) and a new Siri Speaker product have also been rumored to be unveiled at WWDC. Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide iPhone 8 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business The 15 companies British business students dream of working for Charles Clark, Business Insider Saturday 20 May 2017 16:50 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Global research and advisory firm Universum has released its 2017 ranking of the most attractive employers in the UK for business and engineering students.  The company surveyed 45,952 students from 109 universities and asked them to share their views on careers and employers. We honed in on the responses to see which companies they consider the most desirable. Although tech giants — including Google and Apple — occupy the upper echelons of the list, finance and consultancy firms can also be found alongside British institutions such as the BBC.    15. John Lewis John Lewis  2016 Christmas Advertising Campaign ‘Buster The Boxer’  John Lewis has long been regarded as one of the best companies in Britain to work for. The 153-year-old department store, which also operates Waitrose supermarkets as well as banking and financial services, is owned by a trust on behalf of all 86,000 employees, who have a say in how the business is run and are considered owners of the 48 stores across the country.    14. Morgan Stanley  (Reuters) Morgan Stanley provides investment banking, securities, wealth management, and investment management services to clients. The financial services firm is one of the most prestigious names in its industry. It has over 5,000 employees in London and also has an office in Glasgow.    13. Microsoft Microsoft chairman and chief software architect Bill Gates makes a point during the Microsoft XP launch in New York October 25, 2001. Windows XP went on sale worldwide today. (REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton) It's easy to see why students are eager to work for Microsoft. Under the leadership of Satya Nadella, CEO since 2014, the company has transformed. After it bought LinkedIn for $26 billion and in late 2016, Microsoft stock hit its first new all-time high since 1999.   12. Bank of England (PA) "The Bank of England is seen by students as one of the most prestigious organisations and for being an employer where one will have a high level of responsibility," says Joao Araujo, managing director for Universum in the UK.  "This combination makes it one of the most attractive employers in the country."   11. L'Oréal Group Cheryl Cole poses for L'Oreal true match foundation advert L'Oréal is the world's largest cosmetics company and is headquartered in Clichy, Hauts-de-Seine, with a registered office in Paris. The 107-year-old organisation had a total revenue of more than £22 billion in 2015.  Universum lauded its communications with young people, particularly via social media. "L’Oréal, has one of the finest multi-channel approaches we have ever seen," Claudia Tattanelli, Global Director at Universum told Business Insider. "LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and others are all used to deliver a variety of messages that describe their culture and reveal what it’s really like to work for L’Oréal."   10. BBC BBC Television Centre (Getty)   The BBC is often considered the benchmark of impartial journalism. The 95-year-old, licence fee-funded organisation has global influence and is considered the must trustworthy source of news in both the United States and the United Kingdom.   Some 23,000 people are employed by the BBC which is headquartered in London.      9. Deloitte (Getty Images) This New York City-based accounting firm is also the world's second-largest professional services network and is a go-to destination for thousands of graduates.   8. KPMG KPMG building, Canary Wharf, London (Rex) KPMG is a global network of professional firms specialising in audit, tax and advisory services, employing more than 170,000 people. Along with PwC, Ernst & Young, and Deloitte, KPMG makes up the "Big Four" audit firms.    7. Nike Nike has gone from strength to strength recently. The sportswear company has quietly reinvented itself and emerged as an upscale label. In 2016, it overtook Louis Vuitton as the most valuable apparel brand in the world. The new image and countless celebrity endorsements are clearly paying off, as business students in the UK ranked it seventh most desirable company in the world to work for.    6. Ernst & Young "All of the big four professional services firms [including Ernst & Young] do an outstanding job in terms of managing their reputation as an employer for early careers," says Joao Araujo. "They are very often present on campus and on social media, reaching out and engaging students in many different ways."   5. Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs is one of the major city firms (AP) Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan, two of the world's leading investment banks sit side by side in the ranking. Goldman specialises in global investment banking and other financial services. It is headquartered in Lower Manhattan but has branches throughout the world. The bank employs roughly 34,000 globally.    4. J.P Morgan  (Getty) Both Goldman and JP Morgan are leaders in their industry. "Students tend to associate them with prestige, challenging work, recruiting only the best, and for the possibility of high future earnings," says Araujo.   3. PwC (Getty Images ) Pricewaterhouse Cooper was the highest ranked of the big four. Headquartered in London, it's the second biggest professional services network in the world.   2. Apple (Apple) Now is the perfect time for graduates to eye up roles at Apple. The company is in the process of moving into Battersea Power Station in central London, and it's one of the biggest property developments in London's history. As the anchor tenant, Apple will move its London headquarters to the building, taking up 40% of the development's available office space.  The tech giant will relocate to the station's former boiler rooms, which were decommissioned in 1983, WilkinsonEyre's director, Sebastien Ricard, told Business Insider. The 500,000 square-foot space, spread over six floors, will feature exposed brick and an industrial aesthetic.   1. Google (AFP/Getty) Google is famous for its abundant perks. Employees can take advantage of free gourmet food, 24/7 tech support, on-site massages, free fitness classes and gym memberships, and a generous holiday allowance. The tech giant also topped the Europe-wide ranking back in October. At the time, Joao explained: "Google has made the point of not overlooking any students’ to find talent. This latest talent attraction approach, which is more diversified and inclusive than most firms, has allowed Google to gain a diverse array of new people with different outlooks and ideas which are vastly being ignored by other companies of a similar size." • Here's how much the 'Game of Thrones' characters have changed since the first season • 25 Sephora employees reveal the one product you should buy • The story of Volvo's incredible transformation into a true luxury brand Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2015. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter. More about: Graduate jobs Business Insider Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SoftBank Vision Fund Announces First Major Close SAINT HELIER, Jersey–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The SoftBank Vision Fund (the “Fund”) today announced its first major close with over U.S.$93 billion of committed capital. In addition to SoftBank Group Corp (“SBG”) and the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“PIF”) as previously announced, investors in the Fund also include the Mubadala Investment Company of the United Arab Emirates (“Mubadala”), Apple Inc. (“Apple”), Foxconn Technology Group (“Foxconn”), Qualcomm Incorporated (“Qualcomm”) and Sharp Corporation („Sharp”). The Fund is targeting a total of U.S.$100 billion of committed capital, with a final close within six months. SBG created the SoftBank Vision Fund as a result of its strongly held belief that the next stage of the Information Revolution is underway, and building the businesses that will make this possible will require unprecedented large scale long-term investment. Additionally, the Fund’s portfolio companies are expected to significantly benefit from SBG’s global scale and operational expertise, as well as its ecosystem of group portfolio companies (including Sprint and Yahoo Japan); this will thereby help them to accelerate their own growth profile. The Fund will be SBG’s primary vehicle to realise its SoftBank 2.0 vision, with preferred access to investments of U.S. $100 million or more that meet the Fund’s investment strategy. Masayoshi Son, Chairman & CEO of SoftBank Group Corp. said: “Technology has the potential to address the biggest challenges and risks facing humanity today. The businesses working to solve these problems will require patient long-term capital and visionary strategic investment partners with the resources to nurture their success. SoftBank has long made bold investments in transformative technologies and supported disruptive entrepreneurs. The SoftBank Vision Fund is consistent with this strategy and will help build and grow businesses creating the foundational platforms of the next stage of the Information Revolution.” H.E. Yasir Al Rumayyan, Managing Director of the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, added: “Our investment in the SoftBank Vision Fund alongside other sovereign and corporate investors is an important part of our overall investment strategy. We are building a portfolio that is diversified across sectors, asset classes and geographies, and expect the Vision Fund to act as a platform to access a range of exciting, emerging opportunities in the technology sector. We expect that this will, in turn, help enable the Public Investment Fund’s role in supporting the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia’s Vision 2030 strategy to develop a diversified, knowledge-based economy.” Khaldoon Khalifa Al Mubarak, Group CEO of Mubadala Investment Company, said: “Our participation in the SoftBank Vision Fund perfectly complements Mubadala’s strategy as a long-term global investor and partner to the technology sector’s high-growth companies. Technology and innovation are central to the UAE’s economic diversification strategy, and we believe the Vision Fund has the scale to deploy significant capital into these disruptive industries that are shaping the future.” Investment Strategy The Fund will target meaningful, long-term investments in companies and foundational platform businesses that seek to enable the next age of innovation. The Fund will seek to acquire minority and majority interests in both private and public companies, from emerging technology businesses to established, multi-billion dollar companies requiring substantial growth funding. The Fund is expected to be active across a wide range of technology sectors, including but not limited to: IoT, artificial intelligence, robotics, mobile applications and computing, communications infrastructure and telecoms, computational biology and other data-driven business models, cloud technologies and software, consumer internet businesses and financial technology. The Fund will have the right to acquire certain investments already acquired (or agreed to be acquired) by the SoftBank Group, including 24.99% of its holding in ARM, and investments in Guardant Health, Intelsat, NVIDIA, OneWeb and SoFi. Key Leadership The Fund will be advised by wholly-owned subsidiaries of SBG, known collectively as “SB Investment Advisers”. Rajeev Misra will serve as the CEO of SB Investment Advisers and will be a member of the Investment Committee. He will play a key role in all Fund transactions, supported by a highly-experienced global team across offices in London, San Carlos, and Tokyo. Nizar Al-Bassam and Dalinc Ariburnu of newly formed Centricus, who advised on structuring and fund raising efforts for the Vision Fund, will continue their roles as advisers. ARM group SBG’s commitment to invest U.S. $28 billion in the Fund will be partially satisfied through the in-kind contribution of approximately 24.99% of the shares in ARM Holdings plc, at a value of approximately U.S.$8.2 billion. ARM will continue to be a consolidated subsidiary of SBG. SBG will continue to control (directly and indirectly) 100% of the voting rights of ARM, through its retained ownership of approximately 75.01% of the shares and its ownership of the entities managing and advising the Fund. In the course of discussions with certain investors in the Fund, a portion of ARM was requested to be transferred into the Fund based on the shared vision on the huge growth potential of ARM There will be no change to the Board, governance structure or operations of ARM as a result of the transfer. The investors in the Fund will not gain any special commercial benefits from ARM’s operating business. Relationship to SoftBank Group Corp. The Fund’s general partner is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SBG, as are each of the SB Investment Advisers, including the Fund’s primary investment adviser, SB Investment Advisers (UK) Limited. SBG has subscribed for commitments of U.S. $28 billion to the Fund to be contributed through a combination of equity in ARM and cash on hand. The Fund will be consolidated by SBG for accounting purposes. While the Fund will be the primary investment vehicle for investments in excess of U.S.$100 million consistent with the Fund’s investment strategy, SBG (and its subsidiaries) may continue to make certain investments outside of the Fund, including (but not limited to) investments in early stage VC, strategic investments done at the operating company level, and/or other investments which do not fall within the Fund’s investment strategy and criteria. This statement is issued by SVF GP (Jersey) Limited, as general partner of SoftBank Vision Fund L.P. ENDS Advisers Linklaters LLP acted as fund counsel and provided tax support. Kirkland & Ellis LLP acted as US regulatory counsel to the Fund, and Carey Olsen as Jersey fund counsel. Mori Hamada & Matsumoto and Maples & Calder provided additional legal and regulatory support. PwC provided tax, operational build and programme delivery support. Aztec Group will provide ongoing administration services. Goldman Sachs International acted as financial advisor. Milltown Partners provided strategic communications support. Legal disclaimers THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (THE “INFORMATION”) IS SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMERS, NOTES AND QUALIFICATIONS. No Offer. The distribution to you of the Information is made for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy limited partnership interests in SoftBank Vision Fund L.P. (together with, as the context may require, any parallel fund, feeder fund, co-investment vehicle or alternative investment vehicle, the “Fund”). The Information is not intended to be relied upon as the basis for an investment decision, and is not, and should not be assumed to be, complete. The contents of the Information are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice, and each prospective investor in the Fund should consult its own attorney, business advisor and tax advisor as to legal, business and tax advice. Forward-Looking Information. To the extent presented herein, any projections or other estimates included in the Information, including estimates of returns or performance, are forward-looking statements and are based upon certain assumptions. Other events which were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the actual returns or performance of the Fund and/or any of the companies in which the Fund, SoftBank Group Corp. (together with its subsidiaries, “SoftBank”) or any of their applicable affiliates have invested or may invest. Any assumptions should not be construed to be indicative of the actual events which will occur. Actual events are difficult to project and depend upon factors that are beyond the control of the Fund, SoftBank, the manager of the Fund (the “Manager”), the general partner of the Fund (the “General Partner”) and their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, advisers or agents. Certain assumptions have been made to simplify the presentation and, accordingly, actual results may differ, perhaps materially, from those presented herein. There can be no assurance that any specific investment referenced herein will be profitable, that the Fund will achieve results comparable to those presented or that investors in the Fund will not lose any or all of their invested capital. No Reliance. None of SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner or any of their applicable affiliates makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the Information. SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner and their applicable affiliates will not be liable with respect to use or reliance upon any of the Information in the evaluation of a potential investment in the Fund or otherwise with the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank of any of their applicable affiliates. The Information speaks as of the date hereof, or where applicable as of the date indicated herein, and none of SoftBank, the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, managers, directors, officers, employees or agents have any obligation to update any of the Information. Certain Estimates. To the extent presented herein, any projections or estimates regarding the number, size or type of investments that the Fund may make (or other similar information) are estimates based only on the Manager’s intent as of the date of such statements and are subject to change due to market conditions and/or other factors. Date and Accuracy of Information. The Information contained herein speaks as of the date hereof or as of the specific date(s) noted herein, as applicable. The Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank and their respective affiliates, members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, advisers and agents do not have any obligation to update any of the Information. . None of the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank or any of their applicable affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein, and nothing contained herein should be relied upon as a promise or representation as to past or future performance of the Fund, any investment or any other entity. The Fund, the Manager, the General Partner, SoftBank or any of their applicable subsidiaries or affiliates, and its and their respective members, partners, stockholders, other beneficial owners, managers, directors, officers, employees, representatives, agents and advisors advisers cannot be held liable for the use of, and reliance upon, such materials and information and any opinions, estimates, forecasts and findings contained herein. Suitability. None of SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner or any of their applicable affiliate represents that the Information is all-inclusive or that the Information contains all information that may be desirable, necessary or required to properly evaluate a potential investment with SoftBank, the Fund, the Manager, the General Partner and/or their applicable affiliates. Any investment or investment activity to which this Information relates is available only to (i) persons falling within any of the categories of “investment professionals” as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001, as amended (the “CIS Order”) and Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the “FPO”); (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of “high-net-worth entities” as described in Article 22(2) of the CIS Order and Article 49(2) of the FPO; or (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Exempt Persons”) on an invitation basis and will be engaged in only with such Exempt Persons. Furthermore, procedures are in place to assess the status of investment participants. Accordingly, persons who are not Exempt Persons (in particular, persons who would be classified as “retail clients” under the FCA rules) must not rely on this Information. In the case of persons outside the United Kingdom, investments or investment services referred to in the Information are only available on an invitation basis and are subject to procedures to assess status and suitability. For the avoidance of doubt, investments or investment services referred to in the Information are not available to private or retail customers. SoftBank and/or the Manager do not and will not act for you. In particular, SoftBank and/or the Manager do not and will not advise you or provide any other investment services to you and will not be responsible for providing you with any protections. No employee of, or other person associated with, SoftBank and/or the Manager has the authority to represent otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Hydraulic Steering System Market To Grow At CAGR Of 1.72% To Forecast 2021 With Key Vendors ZF Friedrichshafen, GKN, Nexteer Automotive Next PostNext Global Microcars Market To Grow At CAGR Of 2.69% To Forecast 2021 Covering Key Players Daimler, Toyota, General Motors Search Recent Posts Senior Enlisted Leaders Place Wreath at Tomb to Mark Armed Forces Day Eli Lilly is Oversold New Program to Increase Opportunities for Women in the Solar Industry Launches in Washington D.C. Lyghtt Creates Home Full Moon “ROAD WORK AHEAD” TRAINING SYMPOSIUM PROPELS DBE FIRMS – The Virginia Department of Transportation promotes partnerships to create contract opportunities Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Sunday, May 21, 2017 As of 4:41 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology iPad Mini news: Phase out looms with Apple possibly hyping new 9.7-inch iPad Pro variant By Ryan Patrick on May 20 2017 11:37 PM 0 0 0 0 Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook speaks about the new iPad Air and the iPad mini with Retina display during an Apple event in San Francisco, California October 22, 2013. Reuters/Robert Galbraith The iPad Mini’s future is another Apple device which holds an uncertain future, much of which could go down at the Worldwide Developers Conference 2017 happening in June. Poor sales could force the hand of Apple to phase out the tablet and integrate it with the rising iPad Pro line.  According to BGR, sources reveal something brewing from within the Cupertino company’s end. A potential discontinuation of the iPad Mini is plausible with the tablet failing to live up to the hype. However, only the iPad Mini namesake could be kicking the bucket. This means that the iPad Mini could be re-introduced as one of the smaller iPad Pro variants, particularly the 9.7-inch model. If true, this would see an iPad Mini coming out in the form of a redesigned 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It will technically carry similar specs as the 10.5-inch variant, the only difference of which would be the form factor being kept really small.  Hence, it will be interesting how Apple would be able to come bunch in those specs with a smaller tablet. There could be a bezel-less display similar to the plans for the iPhone 8 – meaning the Cupertino company may resort to some iterations in a re-branding of sorts to the tablet best used for light reading and effortless browsing.  Hearing about these plans is nothing new and has in fact been mentioned before. A lot would depend on the numbers game. Apple has been dealing with reeling sales figures, a fact which has brought up speculations of some product lines being killed.  All that could be explained at WWDC 2017, an event normally dedicated to software. As mentioned in a previous post, some devices are expected to be shown as well like the MacBook Pro 2017 and MacBook Air. Curiously, the MacBook Air had its share of possibly being killed before until Apple reportedly had a change of heart. Could the iPad Mini be treated the same? The difference between the iPad Mini and the MacBook Air is that the latter is still being sought through orders to date. The iPad Mini may be getting its share of requests but its financial history leaves a lot to be desired.  Killing the iPad Mini may not be announced at WWDC 2017 with Apple trying to figure things out.  But unless the demand and numbers for it change, it is more than likely to be discontinued moving forward. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related iPad Mini 5 vs Galaxy Tab S3: Specs & features comparison Apple iPad Mini 5 may use 7000-series aluminium chassis Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy 0 Shares 2 Apple Watch to reportedly have blood sugar-monitoring functionality; Camera band also a possibility 0 Shares 3 Heroin and cocaine addicts receiving the marijuana touch 0 Shares 4 'Five Nights at Freddy's' source codes dialogues nudge new game release possibility 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Better than first two seasons’ 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Fergus at beach and Governor’s house 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Mother’s Day special tease 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ season 3 will be ‘bigger’ and ‘bolder’ 0 Shares 9 ‘Prison Break’ Season 5: Sarah Wayne Callies opens up on Michael 0 Shares 10 SolarCity CEO quits; Cash-heavy competitors pose threat to Tesla 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Gov't reveals cyber attack in Australian businesses is rising Telstra Wifi calling capability enabled for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy users Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer PwC, KPMG, Westpac and Commonwealth Bank among Australia’s top companies to work for Microsoft says WannaCry ransomware must be a wake-up call for governments More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Kawhi Leonard injury update: Spurs star listed as questionable for Sunday's Game 3 Exhausted Rafael Nadal to golf for a few days before shifting focus to Roland Garross Isaiah Thomas injury update: Celtics star doubtful for Game 3 on Sunday Ryan Fitzpatrick seeks new opportunity with Buccaneers Chris Jericho could have won another major WWE title if not for Goldberg Paul George trade: Lakers willing to offer D'Angelo Russell, Julius Randle, Luol Deng, per new report More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Australia to soon grow medical marijuana locally, believes expert Cyber attack 2017: Aussies urged to update anti-virus software Telstra to refund nbn customers not receiving promised speeds Famed Nintendo titles ‘Legend of Zelda’ and ‘Pokemon’ getting mobile version soon Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy Spyslide webcam cover: Features, price and release details More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Supernatural' 12x23 finale spoilers 'Supernatural' 12x22 spoilers 'Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.' season 4 finale: Ghost Rider rejoins team, tracks down Aida; ‘out of this world’ fan experience teased '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect '12 Monkeys' Season 3 episode 3 'Enemy' and episode 4 'Brothers' spoilers ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Force ghost cameo More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events More Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Rani Molla Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Policy President Trump Immigration The White House will meet with tech execs for advice on giving the government a digital upgrade Government modernization, big data and high-skilled immigration are on the agenda, obtained by Recode. by Tony Romm@TonyRomm May 19, 2017, 6:12pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images The White House plans to huddle with top executives from Apple, Facebook, Google and other tech giants next month to brainstorm ways that the U.S. government can put more of its “citizen services” online and tackle thorny policy issues like high-skilled immigration. Both items are part of a lengthy agenda — obtained by Recode on Friday — that awaits the inaugural gathering of the American Technology Council, an effort by President Donald Trump to modernize the inner-workings of Washington that’s being spearheaded by his son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner. In the words of the White House, “the American people should be able to interact with the government the way that they do with the best private-sector companies — through intuitive digital experiences that effectively solve problems.” However, many federal agencies currently offer a “very poor experience defined by outdated websites, unhelpful call centers, and thousands of pages of paper-based forms,” the Trump administration believes. To that end, it’ll ask some of Silicon Valley’s biggest brands to share their ideas for making government “more intuitive, user-friendly and effective.” The White House declined to comment for this story. Announced in April, the American Technology Council is comprised of federal officials who oversee technology-focused agencies, and it’s officially led by Chris Liddell, a White House aide who previously served as the chief financial officer at Microsoft. The initiative itself lives under the umbrella of Kushner’s Office of American Innovation, which aspires to cure longtime, unresolved government ills, such as the poor, aging technology in use at the Department of Veterans Affairs. Few disagree that the U.S. government is in need of a digital upgrade. But at least one issue teed up for the council’s first-ever meeting, set for June 19, could prove particularly contentious: high-skilled immigration. In April, Trump rattled some in Silicon Valley when he signed an executive order that promised greater oversight of the country’s H-1B visas, a popular program in the tech industry, which has sought to hire more foreign workers. And before that, many tech companies blasted the president for his directive targeting travelers and refugees from Muslim-majority countries. For now, though, Trump’s council will solicit feedback on ways to “ensure that [H-1B visas] are issued to the highest skilled and highest paid workers.” Beyond immigration, the president’s initiative is looking for potential reforms to how Washington buys its computers, software and other tech tools, according to a copy of the invite. That’s an intriguing prospect for the likes of Amazon, Google, IBM, Microsoft, and Oracle, all major sellers to the U.S. government — and all invitees to the White House event. They’ll also discuss avenues for regulators to leverage some of Silicon Valley’s most prized advances, like “machine learning,” in order to tackle issues like government waste and fraud. Still another focus on tap is analytics, as the White House tech council looks to publish more information “to track outcomes” at federal agencies. And they’ll explore new initiatives for improving the government’s own tech workforce — including an “exchange” program of sorts that might allow tech engineers to serve brief tours of duty in Washington D.C. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode Ev Williams says Twitter's role in Trump's rise is ‘a very bad thing’ The big six tech companies grew by $18 billion in total revenue and $4.5 billion in profit last quarter Most people prefer friendly robots — but not in France and Japan Facebook is delaying the launch of its original videos until the end of summer Google Lens is Google’s future Comcast shuffles its digital ad business Trending Google Lens is Google’s future This feature gives you a view into the meaning of AI first. Americans no longer have to register non-commercial drones with the FAA Surprisingly, the drone industry isn’t thrilled. Target looked at buying the mattress startup Casper for $1 billion but will invest instead The talks come as Target is trying to court young shoppers with new brands. More in Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Ev Williams says Twitter's role in Trump's rise is ‘a very bad thing’ by Rani Molla The big six tech companies grew by $18 billion in total revenue and $4.5 billion in profit last quarter by Rani Molla Most people prefer friendly robots — but not in France and Japan by Rani Molla Facebook is delaying the launch of its original videos until the end of summer by Kurt Wagner and Peter Kafka Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tech Search Search TeslaTesla Expands Free Supercharging For Recent Buyers Donald TrumpCallista Gingrich Will Be Nominated as Ambassador to the Vatican BlockchainThe Financial Tech Revolution Will Be Tokenized Theresa MayU.K. Conservatives Want to Dramatically Increase Internet Regulation Best Companies Apple’s New Spaceship and…Pizza Box Don Reisinger May 20, 2017 Talk about Apple this week focused on its new headquarters, iPads, and, oddly enough, a pizza box. Earlier this week, Wired published a story about Apple's new Cupertino, Calif. office and showcased some of its notable features including a four story-tall glass door. But one of the most interesting takeaways from the tour was the revelation that Apple has patented a pizza box that's supposed to keep employee pizzas fresh and crisp. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter News of about Apple's (aapl) attention to pizza followed other reports that suggested the company has big product plans that it can actually make money from. For instance, Apple reportedly plans to introduce a new iPad later this year and may unveil a new smart home hub at the Worldwide Developers Conference in June. Also this week, the identity of the person who late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs had wanted to be the "voice of Apple," or the spokesperson for the company, emerged. This is Fortune’s weekly roundup of the biggest Apple news this week. To see last week’s roundup, click here. Read on for Fortune's weekly look at the biggest Apple news: This week, Apple opened its Apple Park to Wired, which reported a number of details about the new campus. For instance, the main building, known informally as the spaceship before Apple officially named it "the Ring," is a "breathing" building that has soffits, or eaves and balconies, that can "inhale" air and also shafts that expel warm air. The Ring's walls are 45 feet high and made entirely of glass. In writing about the headquarters, Wired revealed that Apple has patented a round pizza box that is designed to keep pizzas from the employee cafeteria fresh, hot, and crisp. The boxes are made from recycled materials like molded fiber and have air channels to trap the heat inside and prevent soggy crust. Apple's Chinese manufacturing partners are producing nearly 500,000 iPad Pros monthly in anticipation of an upcoming release of a new model, according to a report this week. The tablet has a 10.5-inch screen, making it the first iPad to come with that screen size. Apple has not confirmed that the tablet is being produced, but reports suggest it may be unveiled at the company's WWDC event on June 5. And while we're at it, here's a look at other products that Apple may announce at its conference. In a first, Apple's manufacturing partners started producing the low-cost iPhone SE in Bengaluru, India this week. Traditionally, Apple has assembled iPhones in China, but it has moved iPhone SE production to India as part of a broad effort by the company to expand its presence in the country and open retail stores there. Apple said, however, that for now, merely a "small number" of iPhone SE units are being produced in India. Apple is said to be on the lookout for a Hollywood executive to lead its original video push. Apple has reportedly met with several prominent Hollywood executives including former HBO president of programming Michael Lombardo. The person who gets the job would apparently be in charge of finding and producing original series and other video content for Apple Music streaming service. Jimmy Iovine, a former music industry leader and current Apple Music chief, said this week that free music streaming services are hurting the music industry. He called on music rights owners to place restrictions on free music streaming to help paid streaming alternatives like his own company's Apple Music. He didn't cite any services that should be restricted, but he did say that Apple Music, which costs $10 monthly, would get new, unidentified features, to help it gain new users. One more thing... Have you ever wondered who may have landed the job as the "voice of Apple?" Steve Jobs had an idea decades ago for actor Jeff Goldblum to take up that post. But the plan was never realized. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 5/20/2017 8:32 AM Apple said to plan laptop upgrades as Microsoft enters fray Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close The Mac lineup generates just 11 percent of the Apple's $216 billion in annual sales, with the iPhone accounting for almost two-thirds of the total. But Macs are key to retaining the business of loyalists and the creative industries -- the cornerstone of Apple's resurgence at the turn of the millennium under Steve Jobs. (AP File Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)   Mark Gurman and Alex Webb Bloomberg     Apple Inc. plans to announce an update to its laptop lineup at an annual conference for app developers in early June, a move that could help offset new competition from Microsoft Corp. as well as declining iPad sales. Apple is planning three new laptops, according to people familiar with the matter. The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel Corp., said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. Apple is also working on a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The company has also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple's cheapest, remain surprisingly strong, one of the people said. Apple and Intel declined to comment. The Mac lineup generates just 11 percent of the Cupertino, California-based company's $216 billion in annual sales, with the iPhone accounting for almost two-thirds of the total. But Macs are key to retaining the business of loyalists and the creative industries -- the cornerstone of Apple's resurgence at the turn of the millennium under Steve Jobs. The MacBook refresh would also come at an important time for the iPhone-maker. This month, Microsoft Corp. debuted the Surface Laptop, which boots up in seconds, has a touch screen and runs on a more stable version of Windows. Microsoft's first real laptop is widely considered a viable rival to the MacBook Air. By refreshing its computers, Apple could undercut that competition and continue the Mac's recent momentum. In the second quarter, the company sold 4.2 million desktops and laptops and generated 14 percent more revenue on Macs than in the quarter a year earlier. The updated MacBook Pro would look much the same as the latest model and mostly differ in internal architecture, one of the people said. While unclear if it's ready for this generation, Apple has been working on a new in-house chip for a future MacBook Pro model that manages the computer's low-power mode, Bloomberg News has reported. The planned upgrades wouldn't mark a major step forward for Apple's notebook lineup, but they will demonstrate the company's dedication to a product that has been criticized by the Mac faithful over the past few years. It has been almost seven years since Apple last redesigned the MacBook Air. The most recent MacBook Pro, released more than 500 days after its predecessor, added a Touch Bar keyboard strip for quick access to app functions, a larger trackpad and a fingerprint log-in sensor. Apple last updated the 12-inch MacBook in the spring of 2016 with a rose gold color option, while the MacBook Air has not received a speed boost since 2015. The stall in Mac updates has not been limited to laptops. Apple's desktops have lagged too, and earlier this year, Apple pledged to release major upgrades to the Mac Pro and iMac with better specifications for expert users in the future. Apple hasn't announced upgraded hardware at its June developers conference since 2013, when it launched the Mac Pro and updated the MacBook Air. In addition to the new Macs this year, Apple will likely announce an upgraded version of the macOS operating system. At last year's conference, the company announced the Sierra operating system, which added support for Siri, Apple Pay and iMessage improvements. Apple typically ships the new Mac software upgrades in the fall. -- -- -- With assistance from Ian King. Tweet This article filed under: Business News Technology Washington Post BizTech Newsletter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
On Air: Saturday 10-11pm, Sunday 8-9am Documentary on Newstalk Documentary series examining the issues shaping our nation and the world. Saturdays from 10-11pm and Sundays at 8-9am. Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS Google Assistant is coming to the iPhone — but that's just the beginning David Gilbert says Google is betting on voice technology Business & Tech 12:00 20 May 2017 David Gilbert 20 hours ago Google is betting big that voice is going to be the computer interface of the future, and to make sure it has a front row seat in that revolution, the search giant is putting its AI-powered Assistant everywhere. And by everywhere, I don't just mean at the heart of its Android operating system and deeply integrated into apps like Photos and Maps — or powering its smart speaker Home. No, to ensure that Assistant has as wide a reach as possible, Google is now making its Assistant No, to ensure that Assistant has as wide a reach as possible, Google is now making its Assistant available on the iPhone. Apple of course already has Siri, but Google believes that its technology is superior and therefore believes it can convince iPhone users to switch from saying “Hey Siri” to “OK Google” and in turn ensure that it gobbles up as much of our data as possible. The move was announced during the opening keynote of Google I/O, the search giant’s annual developer conference in Silicon Valley on Wednesday evening. Assistant was the star of the 90-minute presentation which is nominally aimed at developers, but which played much more to the end-user this year. What about Android? An indication of the backseat Google gave to Android — the world’s biggest smartphone operating system, currently powering 2 billion devices — was the fact that it wasn’t even mentioned until 75 minutes into the 90-minute presentation. This is a significant shift for Google and indicates that while voice is far from becoming ubiquitous, it is clearly where Google sees computing moving in the future. Jan Dawson, chief analyst with Jackdaw Research, believes the keynote “was reflective of a shift we’ve seen from Google in recent years, in which it’s de-emphasized the core Android operating system while shifting focus to individual apps that run on top of it.” And the app which is most important to Google today is Assistant. The reason Google is shifting focus away from Android and onto services like Assistant — as well as Google Photos and the new augmented reality Google Lens app — is that Google has lost control of Android. The manufacturers and networks now control the upgrade cycle and push their services on top of the core Android experience. By expanding the reach of Assistant beyond just Android devices, Google is hoping that it will continue to attract new users and therefore continue to help it grow its own core business — selling ads. The more Google knows about its users, the better it is at selling ads. This is why Google requires users to sign in with a Google account to use the service. Even on the iPhone where Google could access Apple’s contacts and calendar app data, it chooses not to, focusing instead on its own ecosystem of apps. Available on all your devices Assistant on the iPhone won’t be the same experience as Assistant on Google’s Pixel phones. You can’t just say “OK Google” and have the app launch; you will need to manually tap on it. But once you do, the range of things you can do is much wider. You can ask it to translate words into any language you like; you can get it to play movies on your Chromecast-connected TVs; you can type questions rather than speak them, and you can even ask it to sing. Now available on 100M+ devices, your #GoogleAssistant is your own personal Google, always ready to help. #io17 pic.twitter.com/MwlKhtgL6M — Google (@Google) May 17, 2017 But smartphones are just the start for Google Assistant. As I mentioned, Assistant powers Google Home, the smart speaker that allows you play music and control smart home devices with your voice. At Google I/O on Wednesday the company announced it was adding the ability to make calls through Home (though only in the US and Canada initially) as well as support for a wider range of services and hardware. Assistant is also available on smartwatches running Android Wear 2.0; it is coming to Android TV; and will soon be deeply integrated in the embedded in the consoles and infotainment systems of cars from Volvo and Audi. Just as we saw dozens of hardware manufacturers integrate Amazon’s Alexa into their products earlier this year, expect to see “Powered by Google Assistant” on even more devices — from speakers to fridges, TVs, ovens and everything else in your smart home. Google foresaw the move away from desktop computing and towards mobile, and with Android, it has come to dominate that world. Now it clearly sees another shift, away from tapping and typing and towards voice. With Assistant Google is hoping to continue to dominate our computing lives. 12:00 20 May 2017 David Gilbert 20 hours ago most popular latest sport #PornWeek: The A to Z - by way of XXX - of pornography Billy Joe Padden gives his take on Mayo's Aidan O'Shea situation GALLERY: Monaghan beat Fermanagh to advance in Ulster Pat Lam: "The whole country is special" site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Documentary on Newstalk × Documentary series examining the issues shaping our nation and the world. Saturdays from 10-11pm and Sundays at 8-9am. Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad iPhone iPad iOS OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses iPhone iPad iOS Home iOS The Macalope By The Macalope, Macworld | May 20, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinion Basic motivations: Making iPhone 8 headphone news Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this iPhone 8 rumors: Apple paying more than double to add 3D Touch to OLED display Should Apple dump Lightning from the iPhone 8? The cases for and against A swing and a meh: AirPods get disrespected Video Can the iPhone make better AR than Facebook and Snapchat? | The iPhone Show Shocking news has reached the Macalope’s furry ears! Wait, can “news” be false? Let’s find out! Writing for Boy Genius Report, Zach Epstein says “Apple’s iPhone 8 will basically bring back the headphone jack.” (Tip o’ the antlers to David V and David Gorski.) How does one “basically” include a hardware feature? Well, one does not include it, is the answer. Look, the whole House Cup thing was always a complete sham that was rigged by Dumbledore showing up in the last five minutes to put his finger on the scale for Gryffindor because Neville Longbottom learned to tie his shoes by himself or something. But the Macalope is still going to have to take 80 points from Slytherin for egregious link baiting. And another 20 points for beating around the bush for seven paragraphs before getting to the point. And five more points just ‘cause. That’s right, the headphone jack will make its triumphant return to the iPhone this year. Well, sort of. No! Not at all! Even sort of! To the world, the headphone jack is a 3.5mm mini jack. Will the iPhone 8 have a 3.5mm mini jack? No. It categorically will not. So what is Epstein on about? But the new iPhone’s Lightning port will always be free and clear, waiting for users to connect their headphones even while the phone is charging. How is that going to work? Simple: Apple’s next-generation iPhone will finally support wireless charging. So, a reasonable headline would have been “Apple’s iPhone 8 to include wireless charging.” But reasonable headlines don’t feed the bulldog. Which is a really horrible figure of speech because bulldogs are actually very sweet animals, not insatiable click-based Internet Sarlacc pits. While nothing is confirmed… Well, the Macalope thinks we’ve at least confirmed something about the state of Internet tech coverage. Not that it’s anything we didn’t know before. Wireless headphones are the future. Used to be the children. But now it’s wireless headphones. Times change. If you’re stuck in the past, however, you’ll no longer have any problem listening to music while charging your phone beginning with this year’s new iPhone models. The Macalope wonders what the Venn diagram of people who can afford to buy $1,000 smartphones but can’t afford AirPods looks like. Seems like the overlap of circles there might be smaller than Epstein thinks it is. While the iPhone 8 might return some of the convenience of not having to charge and listen to audio from the same port, that’s a far cry from returning the headphone jack. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: iOS Macalope Apple iOS 10 iPhone 7 iPhone SE AirPods You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Another report claims 10.5-inch iPad Pro production ramping ahead of WWDC Benjamin Mayo - May. 19th 2017 2:59 am PT @bzamayo iPad iPad Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Supply chain sources are backing up KGI’s report about the imminent unveiling of a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, according to Digitimes. Digitimes claims that shipments of the new form factor iPad are currently at approximately 500,000 units this month with that number rising to 600,000 in July. Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial This ramp implies the device will be released within the next few weeks and the most likely candidate is Apple’s next keynote at the WWDC conference on June 5th. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro is expected to share many aesthetic similarities with the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro. However, Apple is apparently shrinking the surrounding bezels to make the screen about an inch larger without changing the physical chassis size. An announcement of a new iPad at WWDC would line up with claims about iOS 11. Apple’s next-generation mobile OS is expected to feature major upgrades targeted at its tablets, making the iPad more capable and a better replacement for a laptop in a ‘post-PC’ era. Demoing these new iOS 11 features on new iPad hardware — particularly when an update to the iPad Pro is already due — makes a lot of sense. If the 10.5-inch iPad Pro ships in June, then it would almost certainly be running iOS 10.3.x rather than iOS 11. However, customers would know that they will be able to upgrade to the new iOS 11 features for free in the fall and developers could use the beta program to run iOS 11 on the new iPads immediately. Digitimes believes that total shipments for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro in 2017 will top 6 million units. It is also expects an update to the 12.9-inch iPad Pro in the fall timeframe. Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide iPad Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Ben Lovejoy - May. 19th 2017 5:14 am PT @benlovejoy Feature iPhone 8 Augmented reality View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google has been working on augmented and virtual reality for some time, through its Tango and Daydream projects. While there’s a great deal of overlap between the two, I’ve outlined before why it’s clear to me that Apple’s focus is very much on augmented reality: overlaying virtual content on the real world. Google this week gave us a clearer steer on the type of AR functionality we can expect from its own platform, and it’s likely that we will see some similar features in the iPhone 8 … NordVPN Google’s I/O conference had two AR-focused announcements. First, Tango now gets a new Visual Positioning Service (VPS) that effectively acts as a highly accurate form of indoor GPS. Apple has of course been working on its own approach to indoor GPS since 2013, using a combination of the M7 dedicated motion coprocessor in the iPhone and iBeacons. VPS takes a different approach, using a 3D camera system to build a detailed three-dimensional visual map of an indoor space. Second, Google revealed that the first smartphone with support for both Tango and Daydream capabilities will be launched in the summer: the ASUS ZenFone AR. If you want to predict the type of applications you’re likely to see from any new technology, ‘follow the money’ is always a safe bet – so it’s no surprise that shopping is a key focus of the ZenFone. CNET reports that hardware chain Lowes is already on board with VPS, offering an app that allows you to put together a shopping list and then be guided around the store to where you’ll find the items. Once your shopping is complete, it can guide you to the first available checkout. But AR can do much more that this. For example, shopping for furniture? The ZenFone allows you to create a 3D map of your home, as seen in the top image. Then when you go to the furniture store, you’ll be able to take 3D images of, say, a sofa, and see exactly what it would look like in your living room. Similarly with clothes. The Gap already allows you to project any item of clothing onto a virtual mannequin, to get a better sense of what it looks like when being worn. An obvious next step would be to create 3D images of your own body so that you can see what it looks like on you, without the hassle of trying it on. Another safe bet with any new tech is gaming applications. Virtual reality is of course heavily focused on games, but as we’ve seen with Pokémon Go, augmented reality can also be used for gaming. The blurring of the line between VR and AR is likely to be particularly acute with gaming. For example, the upcoming Sims Freeplay has support for VR. Not only can you tilt your phone to see the scenes from any angle, but you can zoom right in to virtually walk around the rooms of your simulated world. Take that idea one step further and you could perhaps interact with your Sims characters in your own living room. But AR can also be used for more worthy ideas. For example, how much more engaged would kids be in learning about the solar system if you could use AR to bring planets right into the classroom and allow them to walk around them, or explore them with a selfie stick? That’s an application available right now on the ZenFone AR. We’ve also seen more specialist applications of AR in fields like surgery and can doubtless expect more from hardware more geared to handling it. Apple will of course have its own specific plans for AR, but these general areas – AR mapping, shopping, gaming and education – seem likely bets. What type of AR applications most excite you? What are the ideas we haven’t mentioned that you think have potential? As always, please share your thoughts and ideas in the comments. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides iPhone 8 View THe Guide Augmented reality View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Google and ASUS provide a glimpse of the AR features we might see in the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market May 19 AAPL: 153.06 0.52 iOS 11 concept imagines new productivity features, Finder app, and more for iPad users [Video] Chance Miller - May. 19th 2017 8:53 am PT @ChanceHMiller iPad iOS 11 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We’ve seen a few concepts imagining what iOS 11 could look like, but today the folks at MacStories have put together a video highlighting new features that could come to the iPad as part of the update. The incredibly well thought out concept imagines features such as system-wide drag and drop, a new Shelf feature, and much more… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover This concept, designed by Sam Beckett, focuses primarily on the productivity features that could be brought to the iPad with iOS 11. After all, many have said that the iPad lacks the features and capabilities to make it a true PC replacement like Apple markets it to be. Headlining the concept is support for system-wide drag and drop. While iOS currently supports this capability in random places, making drag and drop available throughout the operating system would allow users to easily move content such as images, text, and files between applications and documents. Building on drag and drop is a new “Shelf” feature and interface. This would appear when users drag content towards the top of the display and offer a place for users to save content for later. For instance, you could save a song, image, or app in the Shelf and quickly access it later from another application. There’s also a redesigned Split View app picker. The current interface for this functionality simply lets users scroll vertically through a long list of applications to find what they’re looking for. It’s one of my biggest issues with iOS on the iPad, and a redesign is long overdue. The picker imagined in this concept presents users with a grid of applications, similar to what they’d see on their home screen, as well as integrated Spotlight for easily searching for apps. Recently used apps would also be displayed along the bottom in a card interface. The interface imagined here is much better than what Apple actually shipped and here’s hoping the company takes a look at this concept. MacStories also imagines the possibility of Apple bringing a Finder app to the iPad. While the company originally argued that the iPad didn’t need a filesystem, it has since had a scattered change of opinion, bringing things like iCloud Drive to iOS. Finder on iPad would allow users to have a cohesive interface for tracking down documents between applications, creating folders, and managing what they store in the cloud. Finally, the concept depicts various other design tweaks, better extension support in Safari, improvements to Notes and Control Center, and much more. Apple is expected to introduce iOS 11 next month at WWDC 2017, alongside the rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro. Seems like the perfect opportunity to reveal a dramatic iOS overhaul for iPad, to me. Check out the concept video below and a wide range of images over on MacStories. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide iOS 11 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Entertainment TV News Sunday 21 May 2017 Urban setting for new CBeebies drama Apple Tree House The show is set on a multicultural inner city estate. By Joe Nerssessian May 20 2017 9:08 AM 0 Comments Urban setting for new CBeebies drama Apple Tree House Independent.ie A new urban drama is about to be unveiled on children’s channel CBeebies. http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/television/tv-news/urban-setting-for-new-cbeebies-drama-apple-tree-house-35736094.html http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/television/tv-news/article35736089.ece/55218/AUTOCROP/h342/ipanews_317ff3af-96ef-452f-8e48-b39a9f5ea206_1 Email A new urban drama is about to be unveiled on children’s channel CBeebies. Apple Tree House is set on a multicultural inner city estate where friends Mali, Sam and Bella embark on adventures together. CBeebies controller Kay Benbow said the show will be “very different” for the channel, but its urban setting will be familiar to many young viewers. #AppleTreeHouse opens its doors, Monday at 5:35pm on @CBeebiesHQ! #EveryonesWelcome pic.twitter.com/iv5m2EiEZK— Apple Tree House (@AppleTreeTV) May 19, 2017 “Apple Tree House is a window into a wonderful, contemporary world with compelling stories around the themes of friendship and community,” she said. “Sam, Mali and Bella’s sense of fun and curiosity in the world around them really comes across. “It’s set in an urban environment that many young viewers will recognise and it’s so important that we reflect the lives of all children across the CBeebies portfolio.” In Monday’s opening episode, new friends Sam and Mali embark on a mission to find fruit for Mali’s Grandma Zainab’s Magnificent Mango Pudding – while in Tuesday’s episode Mali is worried about starting at a new school. It is Ramadan in Friday’s episode and Sam is determined that the children will have their own dinner party, just like the adults, but finds it hard to accommodate everyone’s needs. The original idea for Apple Tree House came from actor William Vanderpuye who voices Zoomer and other characters in CBeebies show Rastamouse. He wanted to create a show which reflected the way the world is seen through the eyes of children growing up in families who had moved to the UK – and he worked with Maria Timotheou and Akindele Akinsiku to use reflections on their own childhoods to inspire the drama series. Gregory Boardman, of production company Five Apples, said they also wanted child actors who could “reflect the authenticity of the characters”, adding: “We weren’t really looking for stage school kids.” Nearly 1,500 children were seen by the casting team who went into schools and community centres and used social media “to reach into areas that we wouldn’t normally reach”. Eventually eight-year-old Aamir Tai was cast to play Mali, who moves to the inner city estate where he meets the caretaker’s daughter, Sam (played by Miranda Sarfo Peprah, also eight). Both are new to acting. Hit ❤️ if your child is excited for the upcoming new show on CBeebies, 'Apple Tree House'! ������ https://t.co/Dr2Ndwjp1A pic.twitter.com/tVyRvoE0Ey— CBeebies magazine (@CBeebiesMag) May 17, 2017 Aamir said: “I hadn’t done any acting before, but I really enjoyed playing Mali and making new friends. “I especially liked the adventures with Grandma Zainab as it reminded me of my own grandma at home, who can’t wait to see me on TV!” Summer Jenkins, seven, stars as their friend Bella, while Mr Vanderpuye plays Sam’s father Kobi. Apple Tree House is on CBeebies on weekdays at 5.35pm from Monday. Press Association Follow @IndoEnts Your Comments Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. Comments must be concise and to the point. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. The comment facility is removed after 48 hours. Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Channel 4's new docu-drama will open the doors to the jury room for the first time  By Francesca Gosling Twelve members of the public will decide the verdict of a fictional murder case in a new TV series that will open the doors to the jury room for the first time. People Just Do Nothing stars 'blown away' by mockumentary's success  By Kerri-Ann Roper The People Just Do Nothing cast say they are “blown away” by going from uploading YouTube clips to winning a Bafta and collaborating with Ed Sheeran. See the new Big Brother trailer with 'culture clash' theme  By Katie Archer Big Brother has offered fans a first look at what the coming series has in store for them with a new trailer. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Priest who came to Ireland in 1990s linked to nun's murder in new Netflix...  TV News Emmett is finally reunited with Katy in Fair City but he's shocked to discover where her...  TV News See the new Big Brother trailer with 'culture clash' theme  TV News The real story behind Three Girls series - putting 19 abusers behind bars  TV News 'Completely unintentional' - BBC's Ben Brown slapped by woman after appearing to touch...  TV News Simon Coveney: 'If Leo wins leadership I'll shake his hand - I might even hug him'  Politics Fan escorted from Thomond Park by Gardai after 'jeering' during Dan Biggar penalty...  Munster Rugby Leo Varadkar likely to become first openly gay Taoiseach  Irish News Mother devastated as daughter (3) 'penalised for not having a daddy' by being 'refused...  Irish News Was it you? €270k winning Euromillions ticket sold in Ireland  Irish News Ireland's best-known gay club vandalised with homophobic messages and swastikas Frances Fitzgerald and Michael Ring set to back Leo Varadkar's leadership campaign MMA fighter has €60,000 damages claim KO'd by YouTube evidence Coveney bid in meltdown as Leo sails towards a landslide Promoted articles Editors Choice "I'm not like other Taoisigh, I'm a cool Taoiseach" - Six times Enda Kenny made us spit... From Mikey Sheehy to Effin’ Eddie - 10 classic GAA moments from TV and radio President Trump and 10 other major things Fair City's Katy has missed since she was... Also in Entertainment VIDEO: Jamiroquai’s Jay Kay ‘unable to move’ in hospital bed video Jamiroquai’s Jay Kay has revealed over... VIDEO: 'They can plop like mad' - George Leee gives RTE viewers advice on seagulls... Skip to 2:05 in the below video to see for... WATCH: 'Don't be like them' - Pharrell's inspirational graduation speech Producer and NYU alumni Pharrell Williams... WATCH: Chris Cornell's last performance with Soundgarden Footage of Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell in Detroit on Wednesday... VIDEO: Chris Cornell's last performance with Soundgarden Footage of Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell in Detroit on Wednesday... VIDEO: Is this the world's longest cat? Omar the Maine Coon might well be the world's longest cat. The large,... VIDEO: Kendall Jenner falls face first off her bike while filming Kendall Jenner fell off her bike while... WATCH: Irish school's stunning performance of Britain's Got Talent audition will give... This Irish school's stunning WATCH: Fans go into hysterics as Hasselhoff and Pamela Anderson attend Baywatch... Past stars of 1990's TV show Baywatch... WATCH: 'Best finale to a wedding ever!' - B*Witched sing hit song at star's... 'They were reluctant to do it at first but everyone... VIDEO: Jamiroquai’s Jay Kay ‘unable to move’ in hospital bed video Jamiroquai’s Jay Kay has revealed over... VIDEO: 'They can plop like mad' - George Leee gives RTE viewers advice on seagulls... Skip to 2:05 in the below video to see for... WATCH: 'Don't be like them' - Pharrell's inspirational graduation speech Producer and NYU alumni Pharrell Williams... WATCH: Chris Cornell's last performance with Soundgarden Footage of Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell in Detroit on Wednesday... VIDEO: Chris Cornell's last performance with Soundgarden Footage of Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell in Detroit on Wednesday... VIDEO: Is this the world's longest cat? Omar the Maine Coon might well be the world's longest cat. The large,... VIDEO: Kendall Jenner falls face first off her bike while filming Kendall Jenner fell off her bike while... WATCH: Irish school's stunning performance of Britain's Got Talent audition will give... This Irish school's stunning WATCH: Fans go into hysterics as Hasselhoff and Pamela Anderson attend Baywatch... Past stars of 1990's TV show Baywatch... WATCH: 'Best finale to a wedding ever!' - B*Witched sing hit song at star's... 'They were reluctant to do it at first but everyone... Eurovision 2017 final: Glitter, gorillas and Portugal wins for the first time ever - all the pics In Pictures: All the crazy brilliance of Eurovision 2017 semi final 1 Eurovision 2017: Brendan Murray and Team Ireland hit the red carpet In Pictures: The first 'sexless' MTV Movie Awards Stars hail the sexless MTV awards - then storm soaks them on the red carpet Kim Haughton's Portrait of a Century Ireland at the precipice of change. GALLERY: Rock Against Homelessness at Olympia Theatre A thousand people were out of their seats at the... Flashback: In Pictures - Boomtown Rats throughout the years Boomtown Rats celebrate their 40th anniversary this... Social Sightings: Everleigh Garden Summer Barbecue Barbecue season kicked off at Eveleigh Garden on Thursday March 9th. World Book Day: Your photos Gallery: Culture stars who died in 2016 A look back on some of the high-profile stars who passed away in 2016. By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The News Guardian Search More Close ] News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Hockey More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts & Screen Lifestyle Cars Team keen to improve Whitley Bay neighbourhood Volunteers from Robertson and Whitley Bay Chamber of Trade who carried out the work at Whitley Bay Metro station. David Sedgwick Email 08:30 Saturday 20 May 2017 0 Have your say Work has been carried out to improve an area of land outside a Metro station. Robertson, which is carrying out the redevelopment of Whitley Bay’s Spanish City, has also been working with local communities to improve their neighbourhoods. And last Saturday, a team from Robertson transformed a piece of land into a landscaped garden beside Whitley Bay Metro station. Apple trees were planted and planters made ready for the community to use and grow their own choice of plants. Andrew Coleman, project manager for Robertson, was helped by his team and staff from Olives to create something for all to enjoy for years to come as the apple trees blossom. The project is part of Robertson’s carbon offsetting commitment and its community engagement projects. Andrew said: “We are delighted to be able to give something back to the local area whilst we are working on the iconic Dome and its great to see the local residents getting involved.” The idea to use this piece of land was suggested by Whitley Bay Chamber of Trade and Big Local, who are continuing to work together to help improve the town for both residents and businesses. Julie Summers, Whitley Bay Chamber of Trade chairman, said: “Its fantastic to see what can be achieved when companies work together. “It makes the neighbourhood look nicer and in turn helps local businesses as people are more inclined to visit the area.” Anyone who would like to get involved in helping to maintain the garden should get in touch with Olives at the Station for more information on the project. Trending Whitley Bay to tuck into Food and Drink Week Work set to start replacing bridge over A1058 Coast Road Residents back calls for new road safety measures in Whitley Bay Police appeal over missing teenager Volunteers sought to clean up beach Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with News Guardian means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to News Guardian You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to News Guardian Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Follow Us On Explore News Sport Lifestyle What's On More from the News Guardian Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Nokia Snake on the Nokia 3310 is Gameloft's refreshing interpretation of a classic Nokia 3310 (2017) first impressions: The device is pure nostalgia, but expect little else Nokia 3310 proves that feature phone are still alive and kicking Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Snake on the Nokia 3310 is Gameloft’s refreshing interpretation of a classic By Aditya Madanapalle /  20 May 2017 , 11:29 #Nokia The new Snake is perhaps the most original interpretation by Gameloft The Nokia 3310 started selling in India from 18 May, and is available in offline retail stores. The phone has only the most basic software running on it, and has little to offer apart from nostalgia. There is no Space Impact on the phone, but there is a modern interpretation of the classic game, Snake. As soon as you fire up the title, a blue and white Gameloft logo comes on screen. Now this is not very encouraging, considering that a huge chunk of the Gameloft roster is made up of copycat games. Nova is Halo, Modern Combat is Modern Warfare, Blitz Brigade is Team Fortress 2, and the Gangster series copies the GTA series. There are many more examples. It is enough to say that a Gameloft splash screen triggers low expectations in terms of originality. Not so in the case of Snake. The snake is now much fatter, and the fruits are bigger. There are levels that can be unlocked, power ups, and leaderboards. Instead of the focus on the endless mode, the “Mazes” introduced by Snake II in the original 3310 has been expanded as levels. This might not be the Snake from the old Nokia phones that everyone has played endlessly on, but the newer version is as addictive. There are a few basic elements in the game. Apples are food, and can be eaten to make your snake longer. There are bombs that appear similar to apples, and consuming these will result in instant death. Magnets pull apples to you, and are at times necessary when the apples are behind walls. Multipliers allow the snake to get more points when it consumes an Apple, and there are X2 and X4 multipliers. Scissors shrink the snake down to a manageable size. There are no superbugs with a countdown timer in this version of Snake. The levels are a series of challenges. Each level has three difficulties. Every time a level is finished with a difficulty, you get a snake medal. A certain number of snake medals are required to unlock subsequent levels. However, the game does not end with just obtaining all the snake medals for all the levels. There are leaderboards for each level and each difficulty, and can all be played to perfection for a maximum possible score. There are three kinds of challenges. Timed challenge, horizontal challenge and snake vs snake timed challenge. In the timed challenge levels, you have to pick up as many apples as possible before the time runs out. In the horizontal challenge levels, you have to navigate through a play area with obstacles to get to an exit portal. A certain number of apples have to be grabbed on the way to open doors that allow you to exit. In the snake vs snake timed challenge, you have to compete with another snake on the same playing field to gobble up the apples. Levels and Leaderboards The increasing difficulties in each level add further elements. Moving walls and more doors. You can get cut by the moving walls and still continue to play. You cannot overlap yourself, in which case the snake will die. In the snake vs snake mode, it is necessary to keep cutting yourself to continue to be competitive. You can overlap opponents safely. In one of the later snake vs snake modes, you are actually up against two snakes at a time, and this can get chaotic. The computer snake moves in arcs, and navigates its way lazily to the apple, often ignoring the shorter route offered by the circumnavigate play area. Users can exploit this tendency and cut across the screen to repeatedly grab the fruit. In three snake games, there is so much movement on screen that it is enough to grab the magnets and avoiding biting yourself. The survival mode offers the classic gameplay, where you have to endlessly consume fruit till you bite yourself and die. Every time the snake consumes an apple, it begins to move a little faster. There are four control schemes. This bit is important as the schemes not only change the way you control the snake, but the fundamental manner in which the snake moves. The first control option uses just the 4 and 5 buttons to move. This control scheme makes the snake move in arcs, and it is not possible to take sharp turns. Using this control scheme changes the way you play the entire game. The second control scheme uses the 2,4,6,8 buttons to move in the up, left, right and down directions. Sharp, angular turns are possible with this control scheme. The third option is the 4 and 6 buttons again, to move left and right, but in sharp angles, instead of arcs. Finally, the fourth option is the 4 and 6 buttons as well, but instead of arcs or sharp ninety degree turns, the snake takes 45 degree turns. Again, this control scheme also fundamentally changes the gameplay. Once the control scheme is set, the numeric keypad can be used for controls, but also the direction keys with the same control scheme. The direction pad is faster, but less accurate, whereas using the number keys are more accurate, but does not allow for rapid reactions. The control schemes change the gameplay There are nine colour schemes to choose from to give the game a visual makeover. Only the colour of the snake changes though, not the environment. The sound option has no volume slider, and can only be toggled on or off. While the phone itself supports 12 regional Indian languages apart from English, Snake is only available 10 international languages. This is one of the most fun and refreshing titles by Gameloft. A lot of precision is required, especially in the later levels. The leaderboards keeps you coming back to the same levels in an attempt to get a better score. In terms of mazes, the new Snake actually offers more than what was available with Snake II on the original 3310. Snake is only available on the 2017 version of the Nokia 3310. Publish date: May 20, 2017 11:29 am| Modified date: May 20, 2017 11:30 am Tags: 3310, Gameloft, Nokia, Nokia 3310, Snake, Snake II Also read Nokia 3310 proves that feature phone are still alive and kicking Nokia 3310 (2017) first impressions: The device is pure nostalgia, but expect little else X Recommended For You Nokia 3310 (2017) first impressions: The device is pure nostalgia, but expect little else Nokia 3310 proves that feature phone are still alive and kicking The Nokia 3310 is priced at Rs 3310 in India and will be available at offline retailers from 18 May The original Nokia 3310 wasn’t a looker, but it was a workhorse, and that’s what made it so endearing Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #EVM May 21, 2017 Election Commission announces open challenge to tamper EVMs on 3 June #EVM May 20, 2017 Election Commission seeks to demonstrate that EVMs cannot be hacked #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Microsoft May 20, 2017 Microsoft India is making cloud services available for free to NGOs #Facebook May 20, 2017 Facebook signs deal with esports giant ESL to livestream events #Facebook May 20, 2017 Facebook is rolling out a feature that allows users to order food directly from the app SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Chinese vendors grew 180% in Q1, CY 2017: CMR Chinese vendors grew 180% in Q1, CY 2017: CMR 57 million mobile handsets were sold (shipped) in India, recording a fall of about 11 percent over Q4’ CY 2016 By: Priyanka Dua Published: Saturday, May 20, 2017, 12:15 [IST] According to the new report by CMR, the revenues of Chinese vendors grew 180 percent in Q1, CY 2017 as against the same quarter last year. While in volume terms, these vendors captured 40 percent of the market during the quarter and in value terms, about 49 percent of the market was invaded. It added that about 57 million mobile handsets were sold (shipped) in India, recording a fall of about 11 percent over Q4' CY 2016 and the market saw an aggressive war between Love (Lenovo, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi) and Milk (Micromax, Intex, Lava and Karbonn) brands, big fours of Chinese and Indian brands. In terms of revenues, the ranking of some of the players is undergoing a change. In 1Q' CY 2016, Samsung, Apple, Micromax, Lenovo, and Intex were the top five players with 35.2 percent, 9.7 percent, 8.3 percent and 6.5 percent market shares, respectively. But as of Q1 2017, the list got changed as follows: Samsung, Xiaomi, Vivo, Oppo, and Apple becoming the top five players with 29 percent, 11.7 percent, 11.5 percent, 10.6 percent, and 8.8 percent market shares respectively. According to Krishna Mukherjee, Telecom Analyst with CMR, "In the smartphone arena, the Chinese brands have already kicked out domestic players from the top five list and in the near future, we will see Chinese players wiping out the Indian brands from the top five chart of overall mobile handset segment too. We can't deny the fact that in the next quarter we may see that happening. For the first time in 33 quarters that might happen. Since 2009, brands like Micromax and Intex have shown their presence in the top five list." SEE ALSO: GST rates: Telecom services to become expensive It also pointed out that at present, there are about 151 OEMs and Samsung India Electronics topped the list during Q1, CY 2017 with 29% share, followed by Rising Stars and Shenzhen Tecno with 8.08 percent and 7.53 percent shares, respectively. However, in the smartphone space, the number third rank is bagged by Vivo Mobile India followed by GDN Enterprises. According to Narinder Kumar, Telecom Analyst with CMR, "Market consolidation in the number of overall brands operating in India took a temporary pause in 1Q' CY 2017. It witnessed the decline in a number of OEMs which was to the tune of 20 percent for Indian OEMs as well as Foreign OEMs. Shipments from Foreign OEMs declined sequentially by 40 percent in 1Q' CY 2017. In the future, we will further see consolidation in a number of OEMs for Indian mobile handset market. Contract manufacturers in India like Rising Stars and GDN Enterprises will see growth in the coming quarters." Motorola Moto G5 Plus 14,999 Specs Competitors Images +1 Read More About samsung | news | lenovo | oppo | vivo | xiaomi Other articles published on May 20, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... New OnePlus 5 leaks show horizontal rear dual cameras Android Go to be released around October in India Xiaomi Mi Max 2 launch slated for May 25: Specs, features and price to expect Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK GST: Mobile phones to get expensive Uses of archiving messages on Gmail app; All about archiving Xiaomi Mi Home store is now open in India Nokia 9, Nokia 8, Nokia 7 spotted on GeekBench revealing key specs Weekly roundup: smartphones launched in last week New Acer Iconia 10 Tablet clears FCC Certification: Launch Imminent? Best alternatives to bookmark your favorite videos online Zenfone Go 2 appears on TENNA with dual cameras and 4850mAh battery Facebook main navigation now has an “Order Food” option iBall launches Zooooop Type-C 7500mAh power bank with fast charging Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Microchip’s Wi-Fi SDK with Apple HomeKit support now available (1888PressRelease) May 20, 2017 – New Delhi, [NASDAQ: MCHP] – Fully-certified Software Development Kit leverages hardware-based calculations to create fast, low-power solutions providing an optimised customer experience A fully-certified Wi-Fi® Software Development Kit (SDK) with Apple HomeKit support is now available from Microchip Technology Inc. This SDK enables MFi licensees to create fast, low-power designs on the industry’s first hardware cryptography enabled Wi-Fi-based development kit for HomeKit. For more information about Microchip’s Wi-Fi SDK, visit: www.microchip.com/promo/homekit. Microchip’s Wi-Fi SDK combines hardware cryptography suites within the CEC1702, a full-featured ARM® Cortex®-M4-based microcontroller (MCU), with the industry-proven WINC1510, a low-power 802.11 b/g/n certified Wi-Fi module. The hardware-based security engines within this Wi-Fi HomeKit solution greatly reduce system calculation times, resulting in a fast and friendly end-user experience. With the dramatic reduction in execution time for HomeKit commands such as pairing – with pair setup in 0.95 seconds and pair verify in less than one tenth of a second – system reaction is accelerated for seamless consumer experiences such as instantly unlocking a front door. This reduced time of system activity enabled by the Wi-Fi SDK results in lower system power consumption. Power consumption of the Wi-Fi SDK, while performing critical commands such as pairing, is so low that it’s on par with Bluetooth® low energy-based systems while retaining the enhanced functionality of a Wi-Fi solution. The Wi-Fi SDK also offers unrivaled hardware security features due to its hardware cryptography-enabled microcontroller. The CEC1702, a low-power but powerful, programmable 32-bit MCU offers security measures such as secure boot which allows equipment manufacturers to establish a hardware-based root of trust to protect against a security breach. Developers can also leverage integrated security features such as easy-to-use encryption, authentication, private and public key capabilities and customer programming flexibility to minimise application risk. Additionally, the CEC1702 features 480 KB SRAM code plus data, which gives developers ample code space for the HomeKit protocol as well as their application-specific code.  „The increasing popularity of home automation with consumers necessitates connected designs to react instantly when a command is issued,” said Ian Harris, vice president of Microchip’s computing products group. „Consumers don’t have the patience to wait several seconds for their device to pair every time they want to unlock their front door. Our Wi-Fi SDK provides pairing speeds of less than one tenth of a second along with industry-leading security features such as secure boot that are crucial for development in the smart home market.” Development Support Developers can begin designing their application with the new SecureIoT1702 development board which includes the CEC1702 MCU, a compact, high-contrast, serial graphic LCD display module, push buttons and two expansion headers compatible with the MikroElektronika mikroBUS™ Expansion interface. When paired with a WINC1510 Wi-Fi click board™ and a separately available MFi chip, the SecureIoT1702 board and Wi-Fi SDK provide MFi licensees the basic building blocks to create HomeKit applications. Availability · The SecureIoT1702 development board is available for purchase · The CEC1702Q-B1-SX MCU is available in production volume in 10,000 unit quantities · The ATWINC1510 Wi-Fi module is available in production volume in 10,000 unit quantities For additional product information, contact any Microchip sales representative or authorised worldwide distributor. To purchase products mentioned in this press release, go to Microchip’s easy-to-use online sales channel microchipDIRECT or contact one of Microchip’s authorised distribution partners. The Wi-Fi SDK is available to MFI licensees only. To get more information on the platform or to request access to the Wi-Fi SDK, contact applesupport ( @ ) microchip dot com for verification of your MFI license dot Resources High-res images available through Flickr or editorial contact (feel free to publish): · Kit graphic: www.flickr.com/photos/microchiptechnology/33842636294/ · Block diagram: www.flickr.com/photos/microchiptechnology/33842636584/   About Microchip Technology Microchip Technology Inc. (NASDAQ: MCHP) is a leading provider of microcontroller, mixed-signal, analog and Flash-IP solutions, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality. For more information, visit the Microchip website at www.microchip.com. Note: The Microchip name and logo and the Microchip logo are registered trademarks of Microchip Technology Incorporated in the U.S.A. and other countries. All other trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective companies. For editorial contact please contact Emilee/ Puspanjali – emileek ( @ ) prhub dot com ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Gravity Infosolutions Expands Its Operations to USA Next PostNext Digital Glass Military Aircraft Cockpit Systems Market Globally Conventional to Drive Growth Through 2026 Search Recent Posts Health, Fitness, Fantasy Makeovers Find Rockin’ New Home at Give Kids The World Village Targeted: Review of limit on tax advice deductions Unique, One of a Kind Kitchen Display System Launches at the National Restaurant Association’s NRA Show in Chicago On World Day, UN agencies urge countering threats to cultural diversity Thriveni Apparels and Textiles Private Limited (TATPL) enters into a MoU with the Government of Jharkhand Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
× Please Subscribe to Continue Reading. Become a digital subscriber today and enjoy unlimited access to the Omaha World-Herald anytime, anywhere. If you are a 7-day print subscriber, unlimited digital access is included in your subscription and you simply need to set up an online account. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-311-9811 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Digital only subscription Sign up now for a digital only subscription to omaha.com for just $9.95 a month.  As a digital only subscriber you have access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper. $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for non 7 day print subscribers Upgrade your less than 7 day World-Herald print subscription now for access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper for just $9.95 per month.   $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for 7 day print subscribers Full access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper is available at no charge to 7 day print subscribers.  Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Interested in a print subscription that includes digital access? Click here × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 48° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone NebHSRecruiting.com The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health Inspiration Meet Me at the Gym Race photos Live Well Nebraska Magazine Live Well Challenge Race calendar Consumer Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials Bellevue Leader Gretna Breeze Papillion Times Ralston Recorder In The Game World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join the BH Media Team Inside Business Legal & Public Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Overcast Omaha, NE (68102) Today Partly to mostly cloudy. High near 70F. Winds WNW at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 51F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: May 21, 2017 @ 12:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join the BH Media Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe Home ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Anil Sabharwal, a Google vice president, demonstrates updates to Google Photos during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference. AP Google’s latest tech tricks grow even smarter May 20, 2017 (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Anil Sabharwal, a Google vice president, demonstrates updates to Google Photos during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference. MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP) — Google’s computer programs are gaining a better understanding of the world, and now it wants them to handle more of the decision-making for the billions of people who use its services. CEO Sundar Pichai and other top executives brought Google’s audacious ambition into sharper focus this week at an annual conference attended by more than 7,000 developers who design apps to work with its wide array of digital services. Among other things, Google unveiled new ways for its massive network of computers to identify images, as well as recommend, share, and organize photos. It also is launching an attempt to make its voice-controlled digital assistant more proactive and visual while expanding its audience to Apple’s iPhone, where it will try to outwit an older peer, Siri. The push marks another step toward infusing nearly all of Google’s products with some semblance of artificial intelligence — the concept of writing software that enables computers to gradually learn to think more like humans. Google punctuated the theme near the end of the conference’s keynote address by projecting the phrase, “Computing that works like we do.” Pichai has made AI the foundation of his strategy since becoming Google’s CEO in late 2015, emphasizing that technology is rapidly evolving from a “mobile-first” world, where smartphones steer the services that companies are building, to an “AI-first” world, where the computers supplement the users’ brains. AI unnerves many people because it conjures images of computers eventually becoming smarter than humans and eventually running the world. That may sound like science fiction, but the threat is real enough to prompt warnings from respected technology leaders and scientists, including Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking. But Pichai and Google co-founder Larry Page, now CEO of Google corporate parent Alphabet Inc., see it differently. They believe computers can take over more of the tedious, grunt work so humans have more time to think about deeper things and enjoy their lives with friends and family. Other big tech companies, including Amazon.com, Microsoft, Apple and Facebook, also are making AI a top priority as they work on similar services to help users stay informed and manage their lives. Google believes it can lead the way in AI largely because it has built a gigantic network of data centers with billions of computers scattered around the world. This while people using its dominant internet search engine and leading email service have been feeding the machines valuable pieces of personal information for nearly 20 years. Now, Google is drawing upon that treasure trove to teach new tricks to its digital assistant, which debuted last year on its Pixel phone and an internet-connected speaker called Home that is trying to mount a challenge to Amazon’s Echo. Google Assistant is on more than 100 million devices after being on the market for slightly more than six months and now is trying to invade new territory with a free app released this week that works on the operating system powering Apple’s iPhone. Previously, the assistant worked only on Google’s Android software. Google’s assistant will be at a disadvantage on the iPhone, though, because Siri — a concierge that Apple introduced in 2011 — is built into that device. A new service called Google Lens will give Assistant a new power. Lens uses AI to identify images viewed through a phone. For instance, point the phone at a flower and Assistant will call upon Lens to identify the type of flower. Or point the camera at the exterior of a restaurant and it will pull up reviews of the place. Pinterest has a similar tool. Also called Lens, it lets people point their cameras at real-world items and find out where to buy them, or find similar things online. Google Photos is adding a new tool that will prompt you to share photos you take of people you know. For instance, Photos will notice when you take a shot of a friend and nudge you to send it to her, so you don’t forget. Google will also let you share whole photo libraries with others. Facebook has its own version of this feature in its Moments app. One potentially unsettling new feature in Photos will let you automatically share some or all of your photos with other people. Google maintains the feature will be smart enough so that you would auto-share only specific photos — say, of your kids — to your partner or a friend. Google is also adding a feature to Photos to create soft-cover and hard-cover albums of pictures at prices beginning at $9.99. The app will draw upon its AI powers to automatically pick out the best pictures to put in the album. New Google features Some of Google’s new bells and whistles are already offered by rivals such as Amazon, Apple and Facebook. ECHOING THE ECHO Google added features to its internet-connected Home speaker — such as hands-free calling. That echoes Amazon’s Echo speaker, which was released earlier. The new abilities will also enable the Home speaker to control and interact with a variety of Whirlpool and Jenn-Air appliances later this year. For instance, you can ask the digital assistant within Home to turn on the dishwasher or set the temperature on the oven. This is already available on the Echo and other devices that use its Alexa assistant. YOUR SEEING EYE Google’s new Lens tool is the stuff of science fiction. It lets people point their camera at things to find out more information about them. So if you see a flower, you can point your camera at it to find out its name. Samsung is trying some of that with its new Bixby Vision feature on the Galaxy S8 phones. Pinterest has a similar tool too. SLIMMING DOWN Though not a competitor, Google’s slimmed-down phone operating system aimed at cheap Android phones is reminiscent of Facebook’s own “skinny” version, called Facebook Lite. Both are aimed at getting more people to use the company’s services, even if they luse cheap, older phones. MEETING SIRI ON HER TURF Google’s digital assistant is hoping to outsmart Siri on Apple’s iPhone. Google is releasing its voice-controlled assistant on a free app designed for iPhone’s operating system — basically competing with Apple’s assistant on her own turf. The move extends the potential reach of Google’s assistant, which debuted last fall on the company’s Pixel phone and an internet-connected speaker called Home. Siri has come as a built-in service on iPhones since 2011; Google’s assistant will require an app download. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Google Assistant Commerce Company Software Photo Computer Science Featured Businesses Le Peep Restaurant North Park 2012 N 117th Ave , Omaha, NE 68164 402-991-8222 Scoular Ballroom 2027 Dodge St, Omaha, NE 68102 402-449-1424 Anthony's Steakhouse & Ballroom 7220 F St, Omaha, NE 68127 402-331-7575 Hardscape Contractors 17330 W Center Rd, Omaha, NE 68130 402-502-2068 Sherry Ebertowski 103 N Ave, Ste 9, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-328-3975 318 on the Avenue 16939 Wright Plz, Omaha, NE 68130 In case you missed it A rise in home loans helped First National bring in a record $218 million in 2016 What’s left of Gordmans chain will become off-price retailer like TJ Maxx, new owner says Danish bioscience company plans to invest $36 million in Blair plant Hy-Vee, other grocers work to get their slice of the growing meal-kit market Costco gives green light for construction of Fremont chicken plant Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Warren Buffett included in Smithsonian exhibit about U.S. enterprise Berkshire Hathaway bought more airline stock in first quarter Warren Watch: In Salomon case, saving face was more important than saving money for Buffett Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join the BH Media Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Top dual camera smartphones in India Shobhit Varma   |   @shobhit_tech Last Updated: MAY 20, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Dual camera smartphones are all the rage these days. An increasing number of manufacturers are equipping their smartphones with a dual camera setup at the back. Gone are the days when dual cameras could only be found in high-end flagship smartphones - dual camera setups are seeping down the price range and nowadays one can find a smartphone with dual cameras at almost every price range. Depending on which smartphone you buy, a dual camera setup allows for lossless optical zoom, fancy bokeh effects in photos and extremely wide-angle shots. Here are the best dual camera smartphone you can buy currently in India in every price range: iPhone 7 Plus On the imaging front, the iPhone 7 Plus is undoubtedly one of the best smartphones in the market. The smartphones features a dual camera setup at the back, with two 12MP cameras - a primary wide-angle lens and a secondary telephoto lens. Also Read: Best smartphones in India under Rs 10,000 The 12MP primary lens features a 6-element lens, an aperture of f/1.7, a quad-LED True Tone flash, a flicker sensor and an Apple image signal processor that uses machine learning to look for subjects in the image and then adjusts the white balance and exposure accordingly. The secondary 12MP lens allows for 2X optical lossless zoom and also enables users to take portrait shots with 'bokeh' effects at the touch of a button. The image signal processor scans the subject and creates a depth map of the image using machine learning coupled with the two lenses. In our official review of the device, we remarked - "The second camera in the iPhone 7 Plus is a revelation. It's the real deal and allows users to click great candid photos, particularly for a phone." Aside from the camera, the iPhone 7 Plus comes with a design very similar to its predecessor, with the major changes being the integration of the antenna lines and the new color - 'Jet Black'. The smartphone is powered by the A10 Fusion chipset which Apple claims is 10% faster than the A9 found on the iPhone 6S Plus. Additionally, the smartphone comes with a 5.5-inch Retina display, 32/128/256GB of storage and a USB type-C port for charging and data transfer. Audio is also routed through this port as the iPhone 7 Plus lacks a headphone jack. LG G6 The LG G6 comes with a dual camera setup at the back which delivers excellent images and helps the smartphone compete with the likes of the Google Pixel and the Samsung Galaxy S8 when it comes to image quality. There are two 13MP sensors on the back - a primary lens and a wide-angle lens with a 125-degree field of view. The G6's dual camera setup is a noticeable improvement over its predecessor, the LG G5, whose wide-angle lens was markedly inferior to the primary one. On the front, there is a 5MP camera with a wide 100 degree field of view and an aperture of f/2.2. In our LG G6 official review, we noted -  " The G6 clicks pretty detailed -- if a little over-sharpened -- photos in tricky and low light situations making it one of the best flagship camera phones in the market right now." Camera aside, the LG G6 is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor paired with 4GB of RAM, the Adreno 530 GPU and a 3,300mAh battery. Additionally, the smartphone features a 5.7-inch Quad HD display, Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box and water/dust resistance. Where the LG G6 pulls ahead of the competition is its unusual 18:9 Full Vision display and a stunning near bezel-less design. The smartphone also comes with HDR 10 and Dolby Vision support for enhanced video. It is available for around Rs 52,000 on Amazon India and comes in two color options - Astro Black and Ice Platinum. LG V20 The LGV20 might be a few months old, but it still packs a punch, especially for less that 35,000 rupees. It features a pretty stellar dual camera setup at the back with a 16MP primary 75 degree lens and a secondary wide-angle 135-degree 8MP lens. The secondary wide-angle lens gives users a much wider field of view, allowing them to accommodate much more in one image. Additionally, it also gives a creative 'fisheye' appearance to photos. On the front, there is a 5MP camera, which while not spectacular is decent for capturing the occasional selfie. Where the V20 pulls ahead of its competitors is that the smartphone not only excels at video, but also concentrates on audio. It comes with very high quality microphones and a high-end DAC for superior audio playback as well as recording. Also Read: How to buy ACs: Keep cool and know these 5 tips In India Today Tech's official review of the device, we remarked - " The resolution and noise control of the 16-megapixel sensor are amazing, better than Galaxy S7 or the iPhone 7 Plus." The smartphone comes with a 5.7-inch Quad HD display alongside a secondary screen for quick access to notifications and commonly used tasks. It is powered by the Snapdragon 820 processor paired with 4GB of RAM, a 3,200m battery and the Adreno 530 processor. On the storage front, it comes with 64GB of internal storage expandable via a microSD card slot. Huawei Honor 8 At its current price of 23,000 rupees, the Huawei Honor 8 makes for an excellent buy for those looking for a relatively affordable dual camera smartphone. Just like its big brother, the Huawei P9, it comes with two cameras at the back - a 12MP RGB sensor and a 12MP monochrome sensor.The Honor 8's dual camera setup works a bit differently than the one found on smartphones from LG or Apple. The phone's software takes in inputs from both lenses and merges both images into one in order to create the final product. Huawei claims that the monochrome sensor takes in 200 per cent more light and 50 per cent more contrast as compared to regular color sensors. The monochrome sensor also captures a lot of data, which then is used to process images so that they have better details, especially in low light. On the front, there is an 8MP sensor, which is adequate for the price. In our official review of the Honor 8, we noted - "The image quality of pictures clicked with Honor 8 is fantastic. The colours in images clicked with the Honor 8 are punchy, and white balance is mostly spot on" Aside from the camera, the Honor 8 features an all glass and metal body and is powered by Huawei's own Kirin 950 processor paired with 4GB of RAM and a 3,000mAh battery. It comes with a 5.2-inch Full HD display, 32GB of internal storage expandable via a microSD card slot and 4G LTE support. Honor 6X The Honor 6X is a great buy for those looking for a dual camera smartphone that does not cost an arm and a leg. The dual camera array at the back features a 12MP primary lens and a 2MP secondary sensor used basically for depth perception. While Apple's dual camera setup allows for lossless zoom, LG's lets users capture wide-angle shots and the Honor 8's helps improve low-light photography, the secondary sensor on the Honor 6X is used for one primary purpose - achieving fancy bokeh effects in shots. Dual camera setups are seeping down the price range and nowadays one can find a smartphone with dual cameras at almost every price range The second 2MP sensor springs into action only when you hit a dedicated wide aperture mode that allows users to simulate an aperture from f/0.95 (most bokeh) all the way to f/16 (no bokeh). While the Coolpad Cool 1 offers a better camera system in isolation, the 6X is a much better overall buy and that is why it has made the list instead of the Cool 1. Camera aside, the Honor 6X offers a lot of smartphone for less than 15,000 rupees. It is powered by Huawei's own Kirin 655 processor paired with3/4GB of RAM and a 3,340mAh battery. Additionally, the smartphone comes with a 5.5-inch Full HD display, 32/64GB of internal storage expandable via a microSD card slot and DTS audio support. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Recommended Reviews Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: Good but not enough to beat the best LG G6 review: The dark horse Smartron srt.phone review: Sachin Tendulkar's phone is off to a good start, almost Canon G9X II review: Best compact camera under Rs 30,000 in India Micromax Evok Note review: Not noteworthy enough VIDEOS Smartron's Sachin phone vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 MP3 is officially dead and its time to rejoice Google I/O 2017: AI for cancer detection, Android O and other key announcements more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you Javed AnwerSnapchat fiasco shows India is not just poor but some Indians are also stupid more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Peterborough Telegraph Search More Close ] News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Nostalgia Offbeat Your Say Opinion Celebs Regional National News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Offbeat Your Say Opinion Celebs Regional National Sport Football Speedway Ice Hockey Rugby Union Cricket Hockey Golf Athletics Angling Swimming Bowls Cycling Boxing Darts Other Local Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts Eating Out Lifestyle Nostalgia Family Gadgets & Tech Outdoors Travel Cars Our Region Peterborough Whittlesey Deepings Stamford Spalding Bourne Wisbech March Huntingdon Ramsey Samantha gets taste of Big Apple success Bretton actress Samantha Brown off to study in New York. EMN-170516-181420009 06:00 Saturday 20 May 2017 0 Have your say From Bretton to the Big Apple, Samantha Brown is set for a dream journey as she prepares to follow in the footsteps of Robert Redford, Grace Kelly, Danny DeVito and Anne Hathaway. But the Voyager Academy pupil’s big break into an elite acting school, which has taught some of Hollywood’s biggest names, comes at a cost of $33,000 a year (roughly £25,000) on top of living costs. Bretton actress Samantha Brown off to study in New York. EMN-170516-181431009 Samantha (18) has won a place at The American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York after a successful audition in London last month, but her dream prize will remain just out of reach until she can stump up both the tuition and living fees needed for her two-year course. Reliving the moment when she found out she had been accepted into the school, she said: “I was at my friend’s house as there was a get-together. It was the morning after and we were sat around a table eating some toast. I was fully in shock - I was sat in silence for about 10 minutes. “I had to re-read the email then I was crying my eyes out. I was ringing my mum and my nan and grandad. My mum was shocked and my nan and grandad were crying. “The next day I was so excited. It was when I looked at the costs did it sink in that it was an awful lot of money.” Samantha has been offered a grant of £14,000 by the academy, and she is doing all she can to find the extra money while studying for her A Levels in performing arts, drama and theatre studies, music and dance. She is contacting businesses to find out if they are willing to sponsor her, and she has set-up a fundraising page. Samantha added: “If that does not work I will look at a career development loan. But it’s not ideal as you pay £300 a month back once you get that degree. If things do not work out I will see if I can defer my place for a year.” Samantha, the Youth MP for Peterborough in 2016/17, is also hoping to work at the arts academy if she takes up her place before her deadline of June 5, but her visa would prevent her from working anywhere else in the US. The teenager performs for Kindred Drama as part of the Key Youth Theatre, has taken part in the Shakespeare Schools Festival and has been offered a place on the National Youth Theatre. Asked how she is currently feeling, Samantha said: “I’m excited. People keep saying congratulations, but I’m worried as well. This is my dream come true - I should be so happy, but I could be held back for financial reasons. “I do not have an ambition to be famous. My goal is to be doing something I love, performing on stage. I like the fact actors can make people feel a certain way.” To donate to Samantha’s fundraising page, visit: https://www.gofundme.com/sammie-browns-aada-fund. To sponsor her, call 07824832630 or email sammieb4647@gmail.com. Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Peterborough Telegraph means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Peterborough Telegraph You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Peterborough Telegraph Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Follow Us On Explore News Sport Peterborough United What's On Lifestyle Our Region More from the Peterborough Telegraph Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Hardware LATEST NEWS Child slavery down in India but child abuse up: Nobel Laureate Kailash Satyarthi Coal scam: Dishonest misrepresentation before ex-PM Manmohan Singh, says Court Three Indian brands among world's top 50 luxury goods companies GST to cut inflation by 2%, create buoyancy in economy: Hasmukh Adhia Here's how these Haryana girls brought the govt to its knees South Korea's Moon Jae-In names top ministers, chief security advisor Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Hardware 04:05 PM | 19 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,46530.13 NIFTY 50 9,428-1.55 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,648-57.0 USD/INR 64.64-0.21 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW China players like Xiaomi, Oppo may dominate overall handset space this quarter: CMR By ET Bureau | Updated: May 20, 2017, 10.13 AM IST Post a Comment In the smartphone arena, the Chinese brands have already kicked out domestic players from the top five list. Company Summary NSE BSE Vivo Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You NEW DELHI: In what could be a first since 2009, Chinese handset makers like Xiaomi, Oppo and Vivo could wipe out Indian players from the top five list of the handset segment in the quarter through June, market research firm CMR said. Chinese vendors have captured 40% of the overall market and recorded 180% year-on-year revenue growth in the January-March quarter, according to CMR’s India quarterly mobile handset market review. “In the smartphone arena, the Chinese brands have already kicked out domestic players from the top five list and in the near future we will see Chinese players wiping out the Indian brands from the top five chart of overall mobile handset segment, too,” said Krishna Mukherjee, a telecom analyst at CMR. “We can’t deny the fact that in the next quarter we may see that happening. For the first time in 33 quarters that might happen. Since 2009, brands like Micromax and Intex have shown their presence on the top five list,” she added. The report highlighted that by revenue, Samsung, Xiaomi, Vivo, Oppo and Apple were the top five with 29%, 11.7%, 11.5%, 10.6% and 8.8% market shares, respectively. A year ago, top five were Samsung, Apple, Micromax, Lenovo and India’s Intex with 35.2%, 10%, 9.7%, 8.3% and 6.5% shares, respectively. The Chinese brands contributed 49% to the overall mobile handsets revenue and 51% to revenue of smartphones, on the other hand global handset makers constituted 40% share of the overall mobile handsets and 41% in smartphones. <> Samsung, Itel and Xiaomi emerged as the top overall market players with 27%, 9% and 6% market shares, in terms of volume. Mobile handset shipments decreased 11% over the fourth quarter ended December, reaching 57 million units. The handset market is estimated to be at around 65 million units in the second quarter ending June, and the growth will come from replacement/upgrade market that would continue to benefit the Chinese brands, said CMR. “As this would be the last quarter before GST is implemented, a lot of push by way of schemes and offers from various handset makers is expected during the quarter,” the agency said. India’s mobile handset market saw revenue of Rs 346,295 million in Q1 down 8% sequentially. “Market consolidation in the number of overall brands operating in India took a temporary pause in 1Q’ CY 2017. It witnessed a decline in number of OEMs which was to the tune of 20% for Indian OEMs as well as foreign OEMs,” said Narinder Kumar, also a telecom analyst with CMR. “Shipments from foreign OEMs declined sequentially by 40% in 1Q’ CY 2017. In the future, we will further see consolidation in number of OEMs for the Indian mobile handset market. Contract manufacturers in India like Rising Stars and GDN Enterprises will see growth in the coming quarters,” added Kumar. Among 151 OEMs, or original equipment manufacturers, Samsung topped with a 29% share during the January-March quarter of 2017, followed by Rising Stars and Shenzhen Tecno at 8.08% and 7.53%, respectively. Vivo bagged the third spot in the smartphone category, followed by GDN Enterprises. Comments(0)Add Comments China players like Xiaomi, Oppo may dominate overall handset space this quarter: CMR To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Xiaomi, Motorola shift focus to neighbourhood stores in India Indians prefer Xiaomi over Samsung, Apple: Report Xiaomi billionaire CEO is doubling smartphone bet on India Xiaomi Redmi 4A now available for pre-order on Mi.com Xiaomi bets big on Mi Homes for greater offline presence READ MORE ONXiaomiVivoSmartphoneSamsungOppoMicromaxLenovo Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Clever Trick Will Cut Years Off Credit Card Payments The Simple Dollar NEW YORK How A Smart Home Helps You Get To Work On Time Alarm.com Playtime can inspire creativity with 5 FREE digital stories. PNCMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance PNC Learn Why Millions of Parents have Chosen the Grow-Up® Pl.. Gerber Life Insurance Company If you own a computer you must try this game Soldiers: Free Online Game Gal Gadot Style File: See Her Best Looks MSN Home-grown brands wake up to their Indianness Xiaomi looks to set up manufacturing plant in Andhra Pradesh Acer aims 12.5% share in Indian PC market this year LeEco hires Qualcomm’s Jaiteerth Patwari to head R&D Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Ransomware: The extortionists of the new millennium China players like Xiaomi, Oppo may dominate overall handset space this quarter: CMR Indian IT industry rightly should be in panic: Rajat Gupta Under new CEO Rajesh Gopinathan, TCS recasts service lines, reshuffles business heads HTC to launch new 4G VoLTE smartphones priced between Rs 10,000 and Rs 30,000 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebMI vs KKR|Half Girlfriend Review RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Processors Recent additions: AMD Ryzen 5 1600X And 1500X Processor Review: Affordable Zen Takes On Core i5 AMD Ryzen Game Optimization Begins: Ashes Of The Singularity Patched And Tested Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First Look, A Mobile Powerhouse Emerges Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING Review: Dialing-In On Performance NVIDIA Volta-Powered DGX-1 And DGX Station AI Supercomputers Debut At GTC 2017 MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G Review: Blazing-Fast And Custom Cooled Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review: High-Capacity, Affordable Datacenter Storage Intel Optane Memory With 3D XPoint Review: Easy, Robust PC Acceleration Samsung EVO Plus microSDXC 128GB Card Rips File Transfers Up To 100MB/s Misc Recent additions: Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz The Best Of CES 2017 Desktops Recent additions: Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big Gaming Performance In A Small Package Maingear Vybe Review: Dual GTX 1070s And Kaby Lake Cranked To 5GHz Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Workstation Recent additions: Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For Enthusiast-Class PCs and Professional Workstations Intel Kaby Lake Xeon E3-1200 Family Takes Flight Lenovo Annouces ThinkStation P320 Workstations With Kaby Lake And Quadro Graphics For VR Developers Data Center/SMB Recent additions: AMD Naples Zen Platform Makes ‘EPYC’ Debut For Data Center Market Intel Announces Xeon Scalable Processor Family Based On Skylake-SP Toshiba's Non-Encrypted HK4 SSDs Now Shipping In High Performance NetApp SolidFire Data Center Products Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft CodePlex Open Source Repository Closing, Devs Urged To Embrace Github Microsoft Rolls Out Wake On LAN For Easier Remote Windows 10 Updates Google Chrome For macOS Gains Enhanced Safe Browsing Malware Protection MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Notebooks Recent additions: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Smartphones Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Australian Regulators Sue Apple Over Fatal Error 53 Bricking Of Repaired iPhones Tablets Recent additions: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review - Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Gadgets Recent additions: GoPro Fusion Spherical 360 Degree VR 5.2K Camera Launching 2H 2017 Hykso Punch Trackers Review: Boxing Meets Wearable Technology Amazfit Pace GPS Smartwatch Review: Sleek, Attractive, And Great Battery Life LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Entertainment Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Google Launches $35/Month YouTube TV Streaming Service For Discerning Cord Cutters NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Gaming Recent additions: Sole Surviving Nintendo PlayStation Rare Prototype Is Now Fully Functional Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice And Tips For Maximum Fun Razer Lancehead eSports Gaming Mouse Promises Unmatched Wireless Performance Social Recent additions: Tinder Users Outaged As Machine Learning App Scrapes And Exposes 40,000 Profile Photos Merriam-Webster Adds ‘Sheeple’ To Dictionary Citing Apple Fans As Prime Examples Twitter Getting Rid Of The Default Egg Profile Picture That Has A Bad Actor Reputation VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Vega AMD ThreadRipper AMD EPYC Microsoft Surface Radeon RX 580 Samsung Galaxy S8 home Mobile Smartphones by Dave Altavilla — Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: Android Excellence In Performance And Design Article Index:    Samsung Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8+: Performance And Polish From Any Angle Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8+ Design And Build Quality Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8+ Software, Bixby, Gear VR Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8+ Camera Software And Performance Galaxy S8 And S8+ General System Performance Galaxy S8 And S8+ Gaming And Graphics Performance Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Battery Life And Our Final Rating Samsung Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8+: Performance And Polish From Any Angle Buzz for Samsung's highly anticipated "next Galaxy" devices, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, has reached a fevered pitch, and for good reason. When it comes to smartphone market share percentages, there's Samsung and Apple, and then there's everyone else. Huawei and Oppo might be sneaking up on the leaders, but are still in the single digits, while Samsung and Apple are currently jockeying for the 1 and 2 slots. Though Q4 2016 may have been a virtual draw (Apple with a sliver of a lead) between the two handset titans, something tells us Q1 into Q2 2017 is going to swing back Samsung's way. Pre-order demand has been very strong for Samsung's 5.8-inch and 6.2-inch Galaxy S8 models, surpassing even the Galaxy S7 back in its day. Maybe that's because early hands-on looks of the devices at Samsung's big Unpacked 2017 unveil were so well-received, or perhaps it's because Samsung is offering up some pretty nice kicker prizes for pre-order customers. Either way, people seem to really want to get their hands on the Galaxy S8 series. We've been fortunate enough to have spent a little over a week with both the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+, specifically T-Mobile variants, which do in fact seem to be more readily available. Frankly, that's not nearly enough time to properly evaluate such a complex, full-featured pair of cutting-edge devices, but alas this is the peril of high tech launches and the relentless pace of innovation. So, we decided we're going to do what we do best here at HotHardware, and that's to give you our assessment of performance (from a number of metrics) and the experiential view of these new products. We'll skip the flowery product lifestyle showcasing and slick video pans and fades, and dive right into the meat of how these two jet-black beauties we have in house measure up in the current smartphone landscape.  First, here's a quick hands-on video from our Managing Editor at Samsung's Unpacked 2017 event, then buckle-up for a view of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ from every angle we could muster in time for launch...  Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Specifications & Features Pricing - Carrier dependent: ~ $720 - Galaxy S8,  $849 - Galaxy S8+ off contract Regardless of whether you're lucky enough to tap into Samsung's pre-order gimmes, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ do come with a healthy assortment of bundled accessories, as well as optional add-ons. Pictured here are the new Samsung Gear VR with its controller and Samsung's Wireless Charging Convertible, which retail for an additional $199 and $89.99, respectively. There's also the optional Samsung DeX Station that adapts these smartphones to a desktop experience on a large display for $149. However, in the Galaxy S8 or Galaxy S8+ boxes you get the handset, a set of earbuds tuned by AKG with extra ear tips, a USB Type-C cable, a travel AC adapter, a USB Type-C to USB converter, a Type-C to microUSB converter, a SIM ejection pin key and a Quick Start Guide. Available in Maple Gold, Coral Blue, Arctic Silver, Orchid Gray And Midnight Black We are working with Midnight Black T-Mobile versions of both the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+. As you can see, the look is totally blacked out and very glossy. In fact it's kind of hard to see where the display ends and the body beings on these two flagships. That's much more the effect of this color version. The other color options you see above tend to have a bit more contrast in styling. In terms of specs, the Samsung Galaxy S8 line marks the first full production, in-market shipments of Qualcomm's potent new Snapdragon 835 Mobile Platform. In general, the new Snapdragon 835 is promised to deliver 10 - 15% better CPU performance and up to 25% better graphics/GPU performance. This comes along with better power efficiency, where the majority of mainstream user workloads will largely be serviced on the chip's efficiency quad-core complex, though another quad-core high performance block is available for heavy lifting. Other than a veritable laundry list of the latest creature comforts and connectivity technologies, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+'s big feature stand-outs are their 5.8-inch and 6.2-inch curved QHD+ Super AMOLED displays with Gorilla Glass 5. Samsung already had the best smartphone displays in the business with its standard Super AMOLED display technology, but these 18.5:9, 2960x1440 displays take that up a notch with super-tight 570 and 529 ppi pixel density.  Speaking of which, let's get a closer look at the goods... NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Samsung Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8+: Performance And Polish From Any Angle Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8+ Design And Build Quality Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8+ Software, Bixby, Gear VR Galaxy S8 And Galaxy S8+ Camera Software And Performance Galaxy S8 And S8+ General System Performance Galaxy S8 And S8+ Gaming And Graphics Performance Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8+ Battery Life And Our Final Rating Tags:  Samsung, smartphone, review, galaxy s8, galaxy s8+ Image gallery Related content Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review: Optimized Mobility Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium Android Productivity And Entertainment HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile, Attractive, Premium Ultraportable LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And Efficiency A Winning Combination Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review: Great Battery Life, Strong Performance, Affordable Price Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 25K CONVERSATIONS Monster Intel 12-Core i9-7920X Leaked...34 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier Edition...20 Intel Kills Rumors Of ‘Confirmed’ GPU...12 Aquantia Launches Multi-Gigabit NICs For...11 AMD 16-Core ThreadRipper Enthusiast CPUs...11 AMD Ryzen 9 Threadripper Enthusiast CPU...10 Security Researcher Temporarily Stops...9 FEATURED Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti SC2 GAMING... Lenovo IdeaCentre Y710 Cube Review: Big... MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X 11G... Nintendo Switch Review: Buying Advice... Micron 5100 ECO and MAX SSD Review:... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...781k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...634k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...574k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...549k AMD Ryzen Review: Ryzen 7 1800X, 1700X,...526k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...520k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...445k Getting A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti? Absolutely! No thanks Current NVIDIA card Current AMD card Vega for me Next GeForce please More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Review:... Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Premium... HP Spectre x360 15 Review: A Versatile,... LG G6 Review: Design Elegance And... Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Review:... Dell XPS 15 (9560) Review: More... Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Benchmark First... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Login All Reviews Editorials News Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Tips iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen Podcasts Trusting Siri, Apple's Diabetes Wristband - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-19 Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping The Cloud Is a Lie Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac View All Editorials → How to shoot a one-handed selfie on iPhone 7 (Apple Video) Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Under a minute read May 19th, 2017 4:52 PM EDT | Cool Stuff Found Apple posted a new video in its “Shoot with iPhone” series called “How to shoot a one-handed selfie on iPhone 7.” It offers the three steps needed to take a quick selfie with your iPhone (works with all iPhones running iOS 10). 1.) Swipe left from the lock screen. 2.) Switch to front-facing camera. 3.) Press either volume button to snap your selfie. There are now 20 videos in this series, and they’re great resources for making the most of your iPhone’s camera. Check It Out: How to shoot a one-handed selfie on iPhone 7 (Apple Video) Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, iPhoneography, Shoot with iPhone 7 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay The Cloud Is a Lie - Page 2 of 3 MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac John Martellaro | May 19, 2017 Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping Bryan Chaffin | May 18, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $152.96 +0.42 (0.28%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Ford CarPlay is Here for 2016 Models Via Software Update Apple Increasing 10.5-inch iPad Pro Production Ahead of Launch Recent Tips See All » iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Recent Editorials See All » A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? Amazon Charts for Kindle List Which Books People Are Actually Reading The Cloud Is a Lie 17392 Bryan Chaffin cool-stuff-found 0 1495212749 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Tips iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen Podcasts Trusting Siri, Apple's Diabetes Wristband - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-19 Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping The Cloud Is a Lie Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac View All Editorials → How to shoot with zoom on iPhone 7 Plus (Apple Video) Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Under a minute read May 19th, 2017 5:10 PM EDT | Cool Stuff Found Apple published another new video in its “Shoot with iPhone” series. This one is called “How to shoot with zoom on iPhone 7 Plus.” It offers two methods I don’t know you could use. The first is to single-tap your display for a 2x optical zoom. The second method is to touch and hold your display to scroll through your zoom until you get it where you want it. There are now 20 videos in this series, and they’re great resources for making the most of your iPhone’s camera. Check It Out: How to shoot with zoom on iPhone 7 Plus (Apple Video) Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, iPhoneography, Shoot with iPhone 7 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay The Cloud Is a Lie - Page 2 of 3 MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac John Martellaro | May 19, 2017 Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping Bryan Chaffin | May 18, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $152.96 +0.42 (0.28%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Ford CarPlay is Here for 2016 Models Via Software Update Apple Increasing 10.5-inch iPad Pro Production Ahead of Launch Recent Tips See All » iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Recent Editorials See All » A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? Amazon Charts for Kindle List Which Books People Are Actually Reading The Cloud Is a Lie 17396 Bryan Chaffin cool-stuff-found 0 1495213844 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Tips iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen Podcasts Trusting Siri, Apple's Diabetes Wristband - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-19 Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping The Cloud Is a Lie Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac View All Editorials → Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 2 minute read May 19th, 2017 6:58 PM EDT | News Files deleted from Apple’s Notes app shouldn’t be recoverable after 30 days, but the security and data forensics company Elcomsoft found they could access records that were deleted months—or even more than a year—ago. That sounds pretty bad, but recovering those files requires some pretty specific elements, including knowing your iCloud login and password. Elcomsoft discovers long ago deleted Notes files are recoverable iCloud offers data recovery for files that have been deleted in the lat 30 days. That’s a feature, not a bug, and TMO’s Melissa Holt recently detailed how that works. After 30 days, however, and those files are supposed to really be deleted and unrecoverable. Elcomsoft found it’s possible to restore long deleted Notes data in some cases, saying, “We discovered that deleted notes are actually left in the cloud way past the 30-day period, even if they no longer appear in the ‘Recently Deleted’ folder.” How Elcomsoft Notes Data Recovery Works While restoring Notes files that were deleted more than 30 days ago does pose a privacy threat, it’s not necessarily a gaping hole any hacker can use. Accessing the deleted files requires the Apple ID and password linked to the iCloud account and Elcomsoft’s forensic software, both of which aren’t likely in the hands of a hacker. The company’s tools can download all Notes data associated with an iCloud account, including those that no longer appear as recently deleted. Once the Notes files are downloaded, they can be viewed and searched without any restrictions. Behind Elcomsoft’s Motivation Detailing the flaw in Apple’s Notes recovery feature is, on one hand, a community service because now users and the company are aware of the problem. Apple can work on a server-side patch that truly deletes files that fall outside the recovery feature’s 30-day window, and users can decide if syncing Notes through iCloud is something they want to keep doing. On the other hand, talking about the issue is essentially a big commercial for Elcomsoft’s data forensic products. These are tools law enforcement agencies use in criminal investigations, and telling the world about the Notes issue is akin to hanging a big neon “buy me” sign over Elcomsoft’s products. What the Notes Data Recovery Issue Means for You Despite the foreboding tone that goes along with hearing Notes data can be recovered well after is should really be gone, Elcomsoft’s announcement isn’t likely a big deal for most iCloud account users—unless you’re under criminal investigation and police already have your Apple ID user name and password. That’s not to say don’t worry if there’s nothing you need to hide; your personal data should simply stay private. Apple will likely patch the issue that shouldn’t have been there, and Elcomsoft’s forensic tools won’t be able to get at those deleted records any more. The fix most likely will happen on Apple’s iCloud servers, so we won’t even have to wait for a security patch for your iPhones, iPads, and Macs. For the average user, this is an issue that they most likely won’t ever encounter. For TMO’s John Kheit, however, this is no doubt a big dose of personal validation for his argument against cloud services in general. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Elcomsoft, forensics, iCloud, Notes, privacy, security You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay The Cloud Is a Lie - Page 2 of 3 MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac John Martellaro | May 19, 2017 Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping Bryan Chaffin | May 18, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $152.96 +0.42 (0.28%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Ford CarPlay is Here for 2016 Models Via Software Update Apple Increasing 10.5-inch iPad Pro Production Ahead of Launch Recent Tips See All » iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Recent Editorials See All » A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? Amazon Charts for Kindle List Which Books People Are Actually Reading The Cloud Is a Lie 17412 Jeff Gamet news 0 1495220287 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Tips iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen Podcasts Trusting Siri, Apple's Diabetes Wristband - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-19 Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping The Cloud Is a Lie Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac View All Editorials → A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac John Martellaro @jmartellaro 3 minute read May 19th, 2017 6:18 PM EDT | Particle Debris The Particle Debris item of the week isn’t a written article. Instead it’s a concept video, a joint effort by Federico Vittici at MacStories and designer Sam Beckett in the UK. The reason it’s so cool is because it punctuates the hunger we all have for a new iOS on the iPad that leaves the past behind, truly enables and excites. You’ll love these concepts. There are several chapters in this concept video. Drag and Drop The Shelf App Picker Pro Features The Pro Features break with tradition and expose part of the file system. Even though we might think that Apple would never expose the file system this way, it’s tempting to contemplate how Apple might break with tradition and make an exciting, quantum leap into the future. That kind of capability, combined with the previous three concepts, is just what Apple needs to breathe new life into the sagging iPad sales. The concepts are daring, tantalizing, and immediately make one think about the creative possibilities these features would unleash. I know Apple can’t just appropriate these concepts. There would be legal entanglements even if they were offered up freely. The point is that Apple has the engineering talent to take the iPad to the next level with its own unique brand of visually exciting features that would have us standing in line for a new iPad… … at the Apple Store at 0600 in the morning. Wouldn’t that be a sight? Next Page: The News Debris For The Week Of May 15th. The rebirth of the Mac is coming. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay The Cloud Is a Lie - Page 2 of 3 MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac One Comment Add a comment JoelS May 20, 2017 Great little video that just illustrates how bad the current Apple leadership is. May 20, 2017 at 10:50 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac John Martellaro | May 19, 2017 Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping Bryan Chaffin | May 18, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $152.96 +0.42 (0.28%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Data Forensics Company Recovers Notes Data Apple Claims is Deleted Dr. Mac Says He Can Save You an Hour a Day for Life (for Free) NFC on iPhone Can Be Unlocked, but Should You Care? Ford CarPlay is Here for 2016 Models Via Software Update Apple Increasing 10.5-inch iPad Pro Production Ahead of Launch Recent Tips See All » iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Recent Editorials See All » A Stellar Concept Video for iOS 11 and the Rebirth of the Mac Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? Amazon Charts for Kindle List Which Books People Are Actually Reading The Cloud Is a Lie 17405 John Martellaro columns-opinions 1 1495217913 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Purported iPhone 8, iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus Molds [Photos] New Microsoft Surface Pro Leaked [Images] Security Researcher to Release iPhone Kernel Exploit for iOS 10.3.1, Could Lead to Jailbreak Impressive iOS 11 Concept Video Features Drag & Drop, Shelf, Finder, and More [Video] Apple Posts Four More iPhone 7 Photography Tutorials [Video] Apple Park at Dusk [Video] iPhone Hacked to Work With NFC Devices [Video] Google Assistant App Released for iPhone [Download] Apple CEO Tim Cook Spotted Testing Prototype Glucose Monitor That Attaches to the Apple Watch Microsoft Redesigns OneNote for Mac, Windows, iOS, Android and the Web [Video] Bragi Unveils 'The Dash Pro' Wireless Earbuds With Real-Time Language Translation [Video] Apple to Pay 150% More for OLED iPhone 3D Touch Components? [Report] Apple Ramps Up Production of New 10.5-inch iPad Pro Ahead of WWDC? [Report] Uber Launches 'Uber Freight' [Video] Facebook Messenger Gets a New Look Pioneer Announces Five New NEX In-Dash Multimedia Receivers With Apple CarPlay Support Google's I/O 2017 Keynote in 10 Minutes [Video] Telegram Secure Messaging App Gets Video Support, Bot Payments, Instant View Tim Cook Talks Accessibility Over Coffee [Video] Signal Secure Messaging App Approved for Senate Use Apple Park at Dusk [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted May 20, 2017 at 1:35am by iClarified · 5140 views · Translate Check out this new drone video of Apple Park at dusk posted by Duncan Sinfield. If you're interested in learning more about Apple's new campus, Wired was recently granted an exclusive look inside the main ring. Work on the building is expected to continue throughout the summer; however, Apple is already moving employees in little by little. Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment Chidi N - 20 hours ago Whoa! This is a really beautiful building. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Yucca Loma Bridge makes history in Apple Valley Friday May 19, 2017 at 6:23 PM May 19, 2017 at 6:23 PM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — Eleven years after the Town Council identified it as the No. 1 transportation priority, an hour-long ceremony was all that stood between the 1,606-foot Yucca Loma Bridge and its official ribbon cutting. And while more than a decade of planning, design, funding concerns, approvals, bids and construction could have loomed over the proceedings, Town Manager Frank Robinson kept the mood light — addressing the elephant in the river outright. “The censors wouldn’t let us say that hell had frozen over,” he quipped, “but I’m going to tell you, I think the Devil is searching for his mittens.” The history of what’s now the longest bridge in the High Desert began nearly 50 years earlier, though, according to Mayor Scott Nassif, who said discussions of Yucca Loma first materialized in 1969 “on a map showing flooding that occurred in January of that year, and again after a flood in 1993.” In 1995, the town commissioned a Yucca Loma Road Extension study that estimated total cost at $18 million, but Nassif said other transportation projects took priority until 2006. “What happened in those intervening years is a story of epic proportions,” Nassif told a crowd of about 300 standing atop the bridge Friday. “Permits, input and cooperation were needed from no fewer than 50 local, state and federal agencies. Funding was stitched together from nine sources.” As such, more than 20 awards were doled out to dignitaries who were pivotal in bringing Yucca Loma to completion, including Town Engineer Brad Miller, Project Manager Paula Pereira, former Victorville City Councilman Ryan McEachron and Steve Van Dorn of Security Paving Inc., the company behind bridge construction. Additionally, local artist Tony Oliver — who crafted the four steel apples situated at both ends of the bridge — received a certificate of recognition for his work. Oliver told the Daily Press he collaborated with town officials on the design. “They took about a month to finish after we got the ball rolling,” Oliver said. “I’ve been living in Thailand, but I came back to do these. I’m really jazzed about it.” Rob “The Tumbling Bear” Harrison — a mainstay at the Apple Valley Air Show each year — kicked off the festivities with a circular flyover from 1,000 feet above the bridge in a red, white and blue Zlin 142C. Choir students from Rio Vista School of Applied Learning then offered a harmonious rendition of “The Star Spangled Banner.” Later, Rio Vista Principal Larra Parr was presented with an award for the school as students, parents and staff were impacted by road closures and changing traffic routes throughout construction. After Nassif and Mayor Pro Tem Art Bishop cut the Yucca Loma ribbon, former three-time mayor Mark Shoup, Susan Nassif, Trish Hill, Frank Robinson, Susan Newman-Harrison, Victorville Mayor Gloria Garcia and Assistant Town Manager Nikki Salas accompanied the Council on a ceremonial drive across the bridge. The celebration of the Yucca Loma Bridge continues from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday with the town’s “Walk and Roll Bridge Bash.” The event will feature a community walk/bicycle ride across the bridge. Music, free hot dogs and shaved ice will be available to those who attend. Registration for the “Walk and Roll” opens at 9:45 a.m. The first 750 participants will receive free T-shirt. The Yucca Loma Bridge is scheduled to open to traffic at approximately 9 a.m. Monday, according to town officials. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter@DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Sunday, 21 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Sunday, 21 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   Softbank-Saudi tech fund becomes world's biggest with $93 billion of capital Share Tweet Softbank-Saudi tech fund becomes world's biggest with $93 billion of capital The fund will help Riyadh obtain access to foreig­n techno­logy By Reuters Published: May 21, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Masayoshi Son, Chairman & CEO of SoftBank and Saudi Arabian Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. Photo Courtesy: Saudi Press Agency The world’s largest private equity fund, backed by Japan’s Softbank Group and Saudi Arabia’s main sovereign wealth fund, said on Saturday it had raised over $93 billion to invest in technology sectors such as artificial intelligence and robotics. “The next stage of the Information Revolution is under way, and building the businesses that will make this possible will require unprecedented large-scale, long-term investment,” the Softbank Vision Fund said in a statement. Japanese billionaire Masayoshi Son, chairman of Softbank, a telecommunications and tech investment group, revealed plans for the fund last October and since then it has obtained commitments from some of the world’s most deep-pocketed investors. Why the Arab world could be the next startup hub In addition to Softbank and Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund (PIF), the new fund’s investors include Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Investment, which has committed $15 billion, Apple Inc, Qualcomm, Taiwan’s Foxconn Technology and Japan’s Sharp Corp. The new fund made its announcement during the visit of President Donald Trump to Riyadh and the signing of tens of billions of dollars worth of business deals between US and Saudi companies. Son was also in Riyadh on Saturday. After meeting with Trump last December, Son pledged $50 billion of investment in the United States that would create 50,000 jobs, a promise Trump claimed was a direct result of his election win. The fund may also serve the interests of Saudi Arabia by helping Riyadh obtain access to foreign technology. The Saudi economy has been severely damaged by low oil prices, and policymakers are trying to diversify into new industries. UAE Sheikh invests $5.4 million in Pakistan-based start-up The PIF signaled an interest in the tech sector last year by investing $3.5 billion in US ride-hailing firm Uber. Saturday’s statement did not say how much the PIF had committed to the fund, but previously it has said it would invest up to $45 billion over five years. Softbank is investing $28 billion. The new fund said it would seek to buy minority and majority interests in both private and public companies, from emerging businesses to established, multi-billion-dollar firms. It expects to obtain preferred access to long-term investment opportunities worth $100 million or more. Other sectors in which the fund may invest include mobile computing, communications infrastructure, computational biology, consumer internet businesses and financial technology. The fund aims for $100 billion of committed capital and expects to complete its money-raising in six months, it added. Read more: Latest , Saudi Arabia , SoftBank Read full story Recommended Stories Japan's SoftBank takes driving seat in Indian online shake-up The tech conglomerate seeks to secure a piece of India's payment systems and online shopping Ride-hailing firm Grab agrees to buy Indonesian payment startup Kudo The deal would come under the $700 million the company has committed to invest in Indonesia This UK start-up valued at $1bn is building a platform for virtual worlds Improbable raised $502 million from Japan's SoftBank Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Zakir Naik granted Saudi citizenship by King Salman: reports 2 This Pakistani actor has been forced to become a labourer due to lack of work 3 Attack on Malala was staged, claims PTI MNA 4 Indian woman cuts off religious guru's penis over rape attempt 5 ‘How come sexual predators are working in PIA and nobody goes after them?’ 6 Melania Trump foregoes headscarf on Saudi Arabia trip 7 World's second-largest torrent site ExtraTorrent shuts down 8 Huma Abedin files for divorce as estranged husband pleads guilty to sexting 9 24-year-old found dead under mysterious circumstances after night out with friends in Karachi 10 Pakistan backed to spring surprises in Champions Trophy Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) More in TechnologyWest African girls show the way in Senegal tech battle © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Sunday, May 21, 2017 Weather: 61° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Old tires, broken appliances, and oh, so much more Cold winter, chilly spring has power bills surging around NCW Rock Island teen attacked with hatchet More Headlines Former education consultant to plead in federal fraud case  Brewster schools propose public library move  Arson fire displaces family, kills dog  Marimbas chime in concert  Fire damages semi, slows traffic  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Cashmere baseball team nips Okanogan in 1A state quarterfinal Prep Saturday: Eastmont softball team advances to state tourney WVC softball team cruises through three games of NWAC season tournament More Headlines Prep focus: Wenatchee girls, Eastmont boys shine on last day of CBBN track and field championships  Rams’ offense sputters in loss to Spokane  Prep Friday: Wenatchee softball team hammers West Valley, advances to district semifinals  Bergman comes in clutch just at the right time for Mariners  Everybody Out | Hannah and Chelan take on the desert  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec This is not about Trump Safety Valve: Letters from readers The guardrails can’t contain Trump More Headlines Firewise season is upon us  The perils of assuming anything about the Latino vote  Safety Valve: Letters from readers  Say ‘no’ to fear  Safety Valve: Letters from readers  Other Opinion Local Solutions Dina Friedman Marlene VanHorn Joel Alan Neupauer More Headlines Funeral Service Directory  Plancy Branscum Chism  M. Jay Haney  Linda M. Sweasey  Lorraine D. Long  ‘Stars On Ice’ comes to Wenatchee Arts events in brief Write on the River to hold annual spring conference More Headlines Check it out: Our arts and entertainment picks for the week  Write on the River to hold annual spring conference  The Planner  Flick Picks: Movie show times for May 19-25  Night Out: Clubs and pubs with entertainment  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies Father and son team up at a new Quincy-area winery Growing up in Douglas County | Susan (Hinderer) McCray: Active childhood is full of small town charms, farm work Series | AgForestry Leadership Program impacts young leaders More Headlines Buddhist teaching events scheduled for Memorial Day weekend  Concert, auction planned to raise money for church’s summer project  Wine event will raise money for Boys & Girls club  Community yard sale will benefit the Claibourn family  Dear Abby | Reluctant grandparents veto couple’s plan to start a family  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos Cakes for College Ben Paine photos Photo Gallery: Hell On Hooves Rodeo photos Photo Gallery: Apple Blossom Grand Parade More Galleries Photo Gallery: Classy Chassis Parade 2017 Photo Gallery: Wenatchee Valley College softball win Photo Gallery: Keyes Fibre Youth Parade Photo Gallery: Chief for a Day Photo Gallery: A day with Queen Amy Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Winemakers Journal: Sacramento wine tasting a the Old Sugar Mill Winemakers Journal: Spring racking and pruning Darold Wax | Mansfield's Music Men More Headlines What a week - two teams and 12 individuals to state, plus five district championships Hillary Schwirtlich | Love those spring wildflowers? Thank a pollinator today! WVC softball wins East championship Greg Asimakoupoulos | Learning how to spell L-O-V-E Boys tennis, girls golf win league championships Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » Overnight Lo54° Clear Sunday Hi82° Sunny Sunday Night Lo55° Mostly Clear Monday Hi85° Sunny Monday Night Lo60° Mostly Clear Tuesday Hi87° Sunny Tuesday Night Lo54° Mostly Clear Wednesday Hi68° Sunny then Sunny and Breezy Wednesday Night Lo49° Mostly Clear and Breezy then Mostly Cloudy Thursday Hi68° Partly Sunny then Chance Showers More for you:Sports Rams’ offense sputters in loss to Spokane  WVC softball team cruises through three games of NWAC season tournament  Prep Saturday: Eastmont softball team advances to state tourney  Cashmere baseball team nips Okanogan in 1A state quarterfinal  Prep Friday: Wenatchee softball team hammers West Valley, advances to district semifinals  Bergman comes in clutch just at the right time for Mariners  Everybody Out | Hannah and Chelan take on the desert  Littler a finalist for CJHL Coach of the Year  Anaheim evens series  Prep Thursday: Area track and field championships begin  Prep spotlight: Dialed in | Wenatchee ace Romig is firing on all cylinders as postseason play approaches  Mariners continue to take on water, but haven’t sunk quite yet  Cuban admits tanking  Blount agrees with Eagles  Ball to work exclusively for hometown Lakers  Rams’ offense sputters in loss to Spokane by Brian DeShazo May 20, 2017, 9:45 p.m. College Sports Send to Kindle WENATCHEE — The Wenatchee Valley Rams defense took center stage Saturday evening at the Apple Bowl, holding longtime rival Spokane under 200 yards of total offense. Unfortunately for the Rams, it was one missed opportunity after another which mustered just a field goal for the second consecutive home contest in a 14-3 loss to the Wolfpack. After a defensive struggle consumed the first quarter, the Rams struck first after defensive lineman Gabriel Collins forced Wolfpack running back Marcus Parker to… Stay with the story. Get full access to The Wenatchee World online for just pennies a day! For as little as 27 cents a day, you can have complete access to all the local news, photos and video content from North Central Washington's primary news source. Read on any device, whether smartphone, tablet or computer. Your online access is free with any print subscription. Or, subscribe online only by the month or year. Note: If you are already a print subscriber but haven't yet activated your online account, click here to complete the activation process. View my options or Sign in Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Online Sign-Up Help Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week Medical, Health & Wellness Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2017 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close iFixit.com DIY battery swap can bring new life to your old iPhone Filed under Technology at 4 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Jim Rossman Connect with Jim Rossman On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now After a few painful years of very cheap android phones, we finally gave my mother-in-law an old iPhone 5 that we were no longer using. I bought it new in 2012. I handed it down to my wife in 2014, and we handed it down to my mother-in-law last fall. The phone still has plenty of life left in it, although it will likely stop getting iOS updates when Apple introduces iOS 11 this summer. And it's plenty fast for phone calls, texting, Facebook and Words with Friends, which is all she needs from a phone. But in the last month or so, she's been complaining about the battery not lasting through the day, even with very limited use. I've always wanted to open up an iPhone, and this seemed like a perfect opportunity. I got online and ordered a battery from iFixit.com. The battery, along with all the necessary tools for installation, cost just $19.95. Lithium-ion batteries can't be shipped via air, so you need to factor in ground shipping time. The phone was much easier to open than I expected. In AT&T's accessibility lab, the goal is making technology, products for everyone I'm comfortable taking things apart, and I'm Apple-certified in Mac repair, so this was a fun project for me. The entire operation took about 5 minutes from start to finish, and I'm happy to report my mother-in-law's phone now runs all day again. If you're not technically savvy, you can pay $60 for a place like Batteries + Bulbs to replace the battery for you, which is a pretty good deal. But I encourage you to try it yourself. View Comments Tags Technology Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 930 years of waiting: fragment of St Nicholas’s relics to arrive to Russia from Italy Society & Culture May 21, 7:45 Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia: record arms deal and strategic partnership agreement World May 21, 7:38 Moscow seeks WTO investigation due to Ukraine's imposed sanctions against Russia Business & Economy May 20, 19:20 Canada cruises past Russia with 4-2 win in 2017 IIHA Worlds semis Sport May 20, 19:04 Hassan Rouhani wins presidential election in Iran World May 20, 15:57 Russian government expects economy growth to be above world average in 2019-2020 Business & Economy May 19, 21:42 UN calls for avoiding escalation of Syrian conflict following US airstrike World May 19, 21:29 UN speaks in support of freedom of expression after Kiev blocks access to Russian websites World May 19, 21:21 Peruvian defense minister interested in Russian Mi-171Sh helicopters Military & Defense May 19, 18:35 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 21.05.2017 20.05.2017 19.05.2017 18.05.2017 17.05.2017 16.05.2017 15.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia: record arms deal and strategic partnership agreement World May 21, 7:38 UTC+3 AL KUWAIT The parties signed a number of agreements for $ 280 bln, including the largest in the history of the US defense contract Share 1 pages in this article US President Donald J. Trump and Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud © EPA/SAUDI PRESS AGENCY HANDOUT AL KUWAIT, May 21. /TASS/. US President Donald Trump signed the biggest arms deal in the history of US on the first day of his visit to Saudi Arabia. The parties agreed on full-fledged strategic partnership and signed a number of agreements for the total amount of $280 bln. Record arms deal According to White House press secretary Sean Spicer, the sum of the record arms contract exceeded $109.7 bln. The documents were signed by Saudi Arabia’s Defense Minister Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud, and US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. The agreements envisage the development and modernization of the Armed Forces of Saudi Arabia, in particular, the improvement of the systems of Saudi air defense and "smart weapons" and establishment of facilities for production of other types of weapons on the territory of the Kingdom. In addition, the US signed a memorandum of intent to supply Saudi Arabia with weapons worth $350 billion over 10 years. The profile ministers of the two countries also signed under a memorandum between the Saudi Corporation for the Development of Information Technologies and Apple, agreements on cooperation in the field of electricity, mining and air transportation. The latter document provides for the purchase of Boeing aircraft by the national air carrier Saudi Arabian Airlines. The parties approved joint investment projects for the development of technology, infrastructure and housing sector, as well as the petrochemical industry of Saudi Arabia. The Saudi state oil company Saudi Aramco signed agreements with US partners for a total of $50 bln. Simultaneously with the visit of the US President to the kingdom, a US-Saudi economic forum was held. At that forum executive directors of 50 US companies and 40 Saudi companies concluded a number of agreements. Participants in the meeting agreed that the meeting should be held on an annual basis. Joint declaration The declaration on long-term partnership became the final document of the Saudi-US summit in Riyadh. The joint declaration said the two countries' fight is with "violent extremists" who threaten peace in the Middle East, but will find "a growing group of regional partners arrayed against them, confronting their aggression and sowing the seeds of peace." The countries agreed to form a joint advisory group, which will meet at least once a year to set guidelines for the development of bilateral cooperation. It will be supervised by the US President and King Salman bin Abd al-Aziz Al Saud or their authorized representatives. Iran Iran's policy in the region became one of the key issues during the final press conference of the US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and his Saudi counterpart Adel al-Jubeir. The visit of the head of the US administration coincided with the presidential elections in the Islamic Republic. Speaking at the press conference Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called upon Iran's president Hassan Rouhani who has just been reelected to this post, to end all support and financing of terrorist groups. Tillerson said Rouhani now has the opportunity to end Iran's role in supporting "destabilizing forces that exist in this region." He also expressed his hope that Iran puts an end to its ballistic missile testing and "restores the rights of Iranians to freedom of speech, to freedom of organization, so Iranians can live the life they deserve." Warm welcome US President Trump arrived in Riyadh on Saturday morning. Saudi Arabia was the first stop in his debut foreign tour. This happened for the first time in the US history and Riyadh attaches importance to this fact. At the capital's airport, the host of the White House was met by the King of Saudi Arabia. The Arab media immediately drew attention to this fact, recalling that in April 2016, the former US President was given a much more "cold welcome". During the visit and ahead of it, the Saudi authorities repeatedly stressed the historical nature of Trump's arrival. In Riyadh, this day is considered a turning point in Saudi-American relations and a symbol of the return of the United States to the region. On May 21, Trump will attend a summit meeting of the Arab Gulf Cooperation Council, which includes Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain, the UAE and Kuwait. Later he will take part in the talks that will be held in an expanded format involving leaders of other Arab and Islamic countries. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Persons Donald Trump Top News May 20, 19:04 Canada cruises past Russia with 4-2 win in 2017 IIHA Worlds semis May 20, 19:04 May 20, 19:20 Moscow seeks WTO investigation due to Ukraine's imposed sanctions against Russia May 20, 19:20 May 19, 21:42 Russian government expects economy growth to be above world average in 2019-2020 May 19, 21:42 May 19, 16:27 Washington’s calls on US allies to stop contacts with Assad encourage terrorists — Lavrov May 19, 16:27 In other media Реклама Photo 7 Speeding car rams into pedestrians in New York's Times Square 10 Argentina's Los Glaciares National Park celebrates 80th anniversary 10 France's first lady Brigitte Macron Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 The US and Ukraine voted against the UN resolution condemning the glorification of Nazism Opium production in Afghanistan over 20 years The Eurasian Economic Union starts its work Most read Now Today This week 1 Canada cruises past Russia with 4-2 win in 2017 IIHA Worlds semis 2 Russian government expects economy growth to be above world average in 2019-2020 3 930 years of waiting: fragment of St Nicholas’s relics to arrive to Russia from Italy 4 The might of Russia's advanced nuclear submarine 5 Russia’s cutting-edge weaponry capable of ‘blinding’ enemy's army 6 Russian Navy vessels cross Bosphorus under heavy guard due to possible IS attacks 7 Russia’s National Guard and FSB team up for nuclear plant safety drills 1 Washington’s calls on US allies to stop contacts with Assad encourage terrorists — Lavrov 2 Russian government expects economy growth to be above world average in 2019-2020 3 Moscow seeks WTO investigation due to Ukraine's imposed sanctions against Russia 4 Canada cruises past Russia with 4-2 win in 2017 IIHA Worlds semis 5 WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to request political asylum in France 6 Russia's security chief explains what pushes North Korea to develop nuclear potential 7 Assange vows 'not to forgive or forget’ 7 years of confinement in embassy 1 Lavrov briefed Putin on his meeting with Trump 2 Russia not the one to be afraid of anything — Putin 3 Russian missile warning systems tracked North Korea’s missile launch 4 Trump defends right to share facts about war on terror with Russia 5 Moscow dismisses reports Trump revealed secret information to Russia as political pressure 6 Russian Navy vessels cross Bosphorus under heavy guard due to possible IS attacks 7 Trump 'leaking secrets' to Lavrov shows US plagued by political schizophrenia — Putin TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature 1070 GPU and IPS screen for a fair price Home Hardware Review: HP’s Omen 17 is as close as gaming laptops get to a bargain By Alec Meer on May 17th, 2017 at 7:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit When I began my quest to review a horde of gaming laptops, at the end of which I would purchase the one I liked the most, I was reasonably convinced of two things. One, I wouldn’t settle for something that I considered to be graphically underpowered. Two, I didn’t want something gigantic. The first conviction was challenged by the relatively affordable Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming, whose humble 1050 Ti GPU proved surprisingly meaty (sadly, the awful screen ultimately deterred me from purchase there), and now the second has come undone in the face of the colossal 17″ HP Omen. Cards on the table: I arranged a loan of this machine – Omen by HP 17-w200na, to give it its full name – in the near-certain belief that I really wouldn’t like it. The sheer size of the thing, the cod-Satanic branding, a perceived plastickiness in photos, the lack of a Thunderbolt 3 port and, most of all, a suspiciously cheap price for a laptop with a powerful NVIDIA GTX 1070 graphics card. You can get this thing for £450-£650 less than the very similarly-specced Alienware 15 I looked at a while back, and £600-£750 less than Alienware’s broadly equivalent 17″ model. Surely this meant the Omen is nasty? Not a bit of it. It’s a significantly nicer machine than the Alienware despite the significantly lower cost. And a dramatically superior machine to the Inspiron 15 despite being “only” £500 more (‘only’ £350 if you use an HP voucher). First, let’s do the specs thing. In the spirit of full disclosure, the review unit I have is in fact a last-gen model, but all that actually means is it has a marginally slower CPU – a 2.6-3.5 GHz Intel Core i7 6700HQ, versus the 2.8-3.8 GHz in the more recent model’s 7700HQ; there are few real life scenarios in which this would make a perceptible difference. Everything else is just the same as the Omen 17 you can buy now, though you’ll find different RAM, hard drive, screen and graphics card configurations depending on where you buy and how much you pay. Here’s what we get: CPU: Intel Core i7 6700HQ, 2.6 GHz / 3.5Ghz max boost (again, if you buy a brand new one you’re more than likely to find a 7700HQ in there instead) GPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 8GB RAM: 8GB DDR 4 Hard drive: 128GB M.2 SSD and 1TB HDD Screen: Full HD 1920×1080, IPS, 40-75Hz G-Sync Size: 41.6 x 27.9 x 3.3 cm Weight: 3.4 Kg That spec, once again with the fractionally faster 7700HQ, can be had for £1500 from Amazon, or a pretty remarkable £1,350 direct from HP if bought using a ‘MAY10’ voucher code valid until the end of this Month. Alternatively, you can drop the GPU down to a 1060 (still a very capable card, but you’re future-proofing yourself less) and an i5 6300HQ (bit slower and has no hyperthreading, but this won’t be an issue in the vast majority of current games) for £1,179. I’m not at all comfortable using the word ‘bargain’ when it comes to dropping £1,500 or even £1,350 on a single item, but certainly it’s true that I haven’t turned up a better value proposition for a high-end gaming laptop than this one. A few Asus and Gigabyte models do get close to it, however, so I can well imagine that the right sale in the right place on the right day will see one of those undercut this one. I’ll do my best to get hold of those for review later in this seriesette, anyway. Let’s tackle the elephant in the room, which was my fear that the Omen 17 would be like keeping an elephant in my room. I’ve owned or borrowed many laptops during my time, but never gone above 15″ because, well, I wanted an actually portable device, not effectively a desktop PC that folded up a bit. The Omen 17 is certainly big and thick, but nothing like as big as I’d feared – or as heavy. Relatively efficient use of bezel means that there aren’t acres of plastic either side of the screen, and there’s minimal use of metal styling (or external heatsink blocks, as with the Alienware 15) to create excess weight. PS4 pad pictured for size as well as heresy. Though its all-plastic construction means you miss out on the premium feel of, say, an Apple or Razer laptop, I find the fact that I can carry this thing about without my back collapsing infinitely preferable. It’s the same weight as the Alienware despite being quite a bit bigger, and doesn’t feel dramatically heavier than the Inspiron 15 gaming. Moving betwixt home and office involves an almighty hill, and so far I haven’t keeled over and died halfway up while carrying this. Summer’s only just begun, mind you. There’s no doubt about it though, this is a big old lad, and it requires a power supply the size and weight of a paperback too. There is simply no way I’m using it in a coffee shop or on a train or plane tray table, and that’s a combination of practicality and embarrassment factor. The latter at least relates mostly to size rather than appearance. Though the blood red Omen logo on its cover was described by a colleague as resembling “a grumpy beaver” rather than whatever proprietary demon graphic it’s intended to be, the branding is comparatively discrete here. It’s certainly not beautiful, but it’s not “oh God I’m a victim of a marketing executive’s stereotypes about ‘gamers'” either. I feel significantly less self-conscious about its carbon black with red backlit keyboard design than I did the little grey man and neon striplighting of the Alienware 15. (I know I keep picking on the Alienware machine here, but as I get to see more of these machines I’ll have more points of comparison – and, in this case, Omen and Alienware are very much rivals for the gaming laptop buck right now.) I even prefer it to the more neutral grey with red accents of the Inspiron. Though also all-plastic, the matte finish and carbon fibre effect broadly looks smart rather than cheap. If I owned one, I’d definitely be slapping a sticker over the grumpy beaver, however. So, no coffee shop use, but as a machine to move between home and work, the Omen’s surprised me. It’s not just that it’s a little more portable than I’d suspected, but also that the generous 17″ screen gives me a sense of using a proper PC that I’ve ever known in any previous laptop. Even with 15 inchers, I’ve quickly found myself keeping an external monitor to hand because screen real estate has felt so cramped, and games so tiny. I wouldn’t bother here – 17″ is the sweet spot in that regard. Big and roomy and games look great on it. It helps a lot that the screen itself isn’t trash, of course. There’s an IPS panel in there (i.e. the same sort of tech used in phones and Apple laptops) so you get good colours and viewing angles. The displays on the Alienware and Dell models made me deeply miserable, as everything looked pale and uninteresting on them even if you could find the tiny window of correct viewing angle. The Omen doesn’t come close to matching the glorious vibrancy of the Razer Blade Stealth‘s 4K screen, but in day-to-day practice I have no real complaints. Everything looks right. I’d worried from afar that ‘just’ 1080p might look a bit lousy on a screen this big, but that’s been no issue whatsoever. Sure, 4K makes fonts look pretty and games look sharp, but the reality is it’s a big hit on battery life and is likely to have your GPU hitting its performance ceiling too soon for no major gain. One thing the Alienware does have over this one, screen-wise, is that it has up to 120Hz refresh (and therefore framerate), which appeals to the speed-above-all-else crowd. Though both machines have G-Sync, this one tops out at 75Hz. Speaking personally, that’s more than enough (I can feel a slight difference from 60 > 75 Hz, but very little if anything above that) and I find that plus an IPS panel is an infinitely more pleasant experience than 120Hz + a TN panel. Each to their What Hi-Fi-reading own, however. As for the GPU, a 1070 is a 1070 so other than checking it works as it’s supposed to (it does), there’s little new to say there. As with the Alienware 15, it’s maxing out the likes of the Witcher 3 and Deus Ex Mankind Divided without breaking a sweat. Add Prey to that roster, which in most cases is seeing a solid 75 FPS on the Omen, with G-Sync compensating for minor drops (adaptive sync means a game’s framerate can flicker happily all over the place rather than hard-switch between 60/45/30 as it does with V-Sync). Only time will tell, but my feeling is that a 1070 won’t age too quickly, the G-Sync panel will help when it does and, if you can afford it, that GPU makes for a better investment than does a 1060 laptop. That said, on the issue of upgradeability, this sadly lacks a Thunderbolt 3 connection, so you won’t be able to use an external graphics card dock with it when you need a bit more graphical oomph a few years later. It’s difficult to say what the lie of the land will be for eGPUs a few years hence, but right now it does seem a mite foolish to be buying a laptop that definitely cannot support it. I’d probably steer clear of the less powerful 1060 version of the Omen 17 for exactly that reason. It should also be noted that a few other concessions have been made to keep this Omen’s price down. 8GB of RAM is enough for many situations, but you’ll probably find yourself wanting to upgrade to 16GB in short order if you like to have a few browser tabs open in the background while you game, or use Photoshop or Premiere or stream or anything like that. 16GB is by no means a necessity in 2017, but it’s definitely helpful. The same’s true of the 128GB solid state boot drive. It’s enough for Windows, a few key applications and one or two games, but you’ll need to start using the 1TB mechanical drive for game installations before long, which means far slower loading times. Ideally the SSD would be 256GB, just for a bit more breathing room, so that might turn out to be another deferred cost if you go for the Omen, depending on how much you’re bothered by loading screens. I think those are entirely fair compromises made in the name of selling a very powerful gaming laptop for £1500, however. As such, despite these niggles, the lack of Thunderbolt 3 and the fact it’s too chunky to use in some public places, the Omen has currently shot right to the top of my ‘laptops I might buy’ list. Strong specs, an entirely decent screen and a price that meaningfully undercuts most of its rivals: there’s so much to like here. I’d honestly expected to not get on with the Omen 17 at all, but now I’m finding it fits into my work/play laptop gap eerily snugly. All being well, next up we’ll be looking at the Razer Blade, a very different proposition, but one which is likely to create a real dilemma for me about which machine I’ll end up buying. Omen by HP 17-w200na is available now. HP are currently selling it direct for £1,350 until the end of the month, or it can be found for £1,499 from online stores including Amazon. Review sample loaned to us by HP. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 49 Comments 17/05/2017 at 19:33 Alice O'Connor says: DOES THE CAT COME WITH IT? Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:49 ColonelFlanders says: The laptop comes with the cat. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 12:15 DailyFrankPeter says: It’s still going to try to lie on yours, even if it has it’s own laptop. ;) Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 19:49 Fede says: That’s a great cat! It looks like one I had 15 years ago <3 Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 20:08 Konservenknilch says: I won’t even bother to read the article. There’s a cat, so I’ll buy it. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 20:19 Kingseeker Camargo says: I kept reading to find out more about the cat, but the man would just ramble on and on about computers. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 20:28 Doomlord says: The SSD is WAY too small. You’ll have room for that bloated pig of an OS called Windows, and maybe a few applications or small games. Certainly, you won’t have room for any bigger AAA-style games. And 8 gig of RAM just simply doesn’t cut it these days. You’ll find games like Battlefield 1 won’t run reliably. If those two things were better, this would be a good deal. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:04 Bforceny says: Doom, the SSD size and the RAM are more than appropriate for a cat this size. I can run Battlefield 1 on a 4 year old Tabby cat on High, but Tabbies are limited to 1080P as far as resolution – On a Bombay cat like the one in the picture, you can do 4K no problem…even with only 8 gig. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:06 Daymare says: Is there an extra slot for another SSD? How hard is it to switch/add RAM with this model? The last 2 laptops I bought (MSI and ASUS) I could just add both, not harder than installing some hardware on a PC. Depending on the model, you might lose your warranty, though. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:58 ColonelFlanders says: I agree with this 100%. It’s the one real kicker for this laptop, you shouldn’t be allowed to call something a gaming machine when you only have room for one game on it. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 17:35 fish99 says: It also has a 1TB mechanical, which presumably you could replace with another SSD if you wanted. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 20:33 Merry says: I’m sorry. I was weak. I bought one. I shall probably not move from my bed for the next month. For similarly weak-willed people, note that you must register on the HP UK Store before you go to checkout. You’re assured that, even without an account, you will have a chance to register after you’ve completed the transaction, but there will be no opportunity to enter the discount code if you do it that way. £150 is a lot to lose due to an oversight. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 22:50 ramirezfm says: How is the first impression? I want to upgrade my old Alienware 15 to something new. Was aiming for the new Alienware 15 R3 but missed the sale on the previous model with weaker cpu and now the same model just with kaby lake is 500 euro more expensive :/ Maybe Omen would be ok despite being 17″… The price seems to be nice. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:34 zulnam says: Are you high? The cheapest Omen-17 on Amazon (UK) is 999 pounds. HOW is that a bargain?! I did a full PC upgrade for slightly less than that. I7-6600k, 32gb RAM, RX 480+, 256 SSD, 2 TB HDD. Even that can’t be considered a bargain and it’s better than your advertisement product. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:50 Drib says: Oh, you built a custom laptop with all that, did you? Or did you miss that he’s talking specifically about laptops? Or that he says in the article that he doesn’t like using ‘bargain’ when it’s so expensive? Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:52 ColonelFlanders says: “As close as a gaming laptop gets to a bargain” =/= “a bargain”. He lists the good, he lists the bad. It’s up to you to buy it, but if you’re on the fence I suggest first actually reading the article. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 22:23 Sakkura says: He may still have slightly exaggerated how close this is to a bargain. Wouldn’t be surprising since it was by comparison to Alienware, which is often horrifically overpriced. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 22:43 ramirezfm says: For a gaming laptop with 1070 anything below 2k euro is a bargain. A bargain =/= a bargain though, if you know what I mean. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:52 JOJOFACE says: does your PC fit in a backpack? Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 22:26 Sakkura says: You could do that with an mITX system. Still doesn’t give you the same capabilities as a laptop does, of course. But then again, I think people tend to overestimate how much they’ll actually exploit those capabilities, gaming-wise. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 09:29 LexW1 says: I don’t think people really do. I don’t and never have owned a gaming laptop, but I have friends who do, and it’s very clear that having a powerful PC they can just bring to places, put down, and start playing modern PC games is the main “capability” that they are exploiting. If you’ve got the money and you don’t have a lot of space and/or are on the move a lot, a gaming laptop is pretty great. Even the price differential to normal PC isn’t as extreme as initially appears, when one considers that there is a 4K monitor involved as well. Though obviously it is still pretty severe (you could probably build a home PC with similar specs and a decent-sized 4k monitor for about 60-70% of the price). Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 13:09 MajorLag says: I dunno, most of the people I see with gaming laptops use them in the same place pretty much all the time. It strikes me as the same kind of rationalization that leads people to buy a brand new $40k truck they commute to work with 99% of the time. 18/05/2017 at 22:44 Someoldguy says: Guilty as charged, but that place happens to be the dining table, so it gets picked up and stowed every evening when we eat. There’s simply no space for us to have two desktop machines in the flat and competition for just one machine would be too fierce. The 1-2% of the time when we go on holiday or visiting relatives it’s pretty handy too! 17/05/2017 at 22:47 ramirezfm says: So you’re comparing a desktop pc upgrade, with an inferior graphics card to a gaming laptop with a superior graphics. My Mazda 3 is way cheaper than that Lotus Evora! Stoopid! Read the article before commenting maybe? Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 00:04 CaptainKoloth says: Alec: A few weeks ago I was in precisely the same boat as you looking for exactly the same things in the laptop. And I found THE laptop. May I humbly suggest the Asus ROG Strix GL502VS-WS71, which is at moment on sale (at least here in the US) for $1399, which gets you: GTX 1070 8G i7-7700HQ 16 GB DDR4 RAM Gorgeous 15.6″ 1080p IPS display with G-sync 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Light for power at 5.2 lbs Only real downside is lack of Thunderbolt-C. But try this laptop- I think it will hit the spot for you exactly as it did for me. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 01:07 Shuck says: Huh, I was pricing the parts for a desktop machine with almost exactly the same specs – and somehow the laptop is cheaper, at least from some vendors. Substantially so. I have no idea how that works. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 06:36 Daymare says: What store did you find it at that price? Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 23:51 Shuck says: MicroCenter has it at that price, but it looks like it’s for in-store pickup only: link to microcenter.com Log in to Reply 20/05/2017 at 14:01 Daymare says: Ah, thanks. Sadly, in Europe the same lappy is cheapest at 1888 €. I’d have bought it for 1400 $ though … Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 07:22 agentd says: Bought my wife an Asia laptop last year and have been really impressed, had previously bought only MSI or customs built ones but will definitely be considering a ROG for my next purchase Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 07:23 agentd says: *ASUS, not Asia Log in to Reply 19/05/2017 at 10:34 Kerans says: After the kind of research session which involved about 50 Chrome tabs opened at once, I came to the same conclusion that the Asus ROG GL502VS-WS71 offered the best sides of the inevitable trade-offs that you seem to have to make when buying a gaming laptop. For my usage, which involves running games at high/ultra detail and connecting to an external 1440p monitor, it seemed perfect. It doesn’t have Thunderbolt for an external graphics card, but that seemed to me to be a major extra pain in the arse, to carry around an expensive enclosure and its own PSU. Seemed much better to get a 1070 built in than having some kind of weird upgrade path that would tie it to a desk. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 00:56 Curundir says: There’s an IPS panel in there so you get good colours and viewing angles. Really now? Well I would like to know how good the colours are. And while I’m at it, I’d also like to know how strong the case is? Does the screen wobble while typing? How much heat and noise does it generate idle and under load? Can it easily be opened for maintenance and upgrades? If you ask me, all these things (and many more) belong in a proper hardware review. As it is, I think you’ve merely written a shallow and not very scientific “Wot I think”. Honestly, I couldn’t care less that you wouldn’t dare show this in a coffee shop. I’m sure that some other laptop gamer would be proud to show it at his or her coffee shop. I really don’t understand where RPS is going with these cursory hardware articles. With so many well-researched, well-informed, expertly tested and well-written hardware reviews out there, they can’t really think to compete, do they? Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 09:10 Landiss says: Well, yeah, RPS is not a hardware review site. But, apparently, there is demand. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 09:54 The Almighty Moo says: These reviews might contain the information you want. link to cnet.com link to techradar.com Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 15:36 The Almighty Moo says: Or you could apply to be the new hardware editor in this very Parish link to jobs.gamesindustry.biz Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 07:21 xvre says: All nice and well regarding specs and price, but how does it perform under heavy load? And I mean in terms of generated heat and noise levels. That’s super important, if we’re talking gaming laptops. You can have a really fast one, but if you can’t hold the hands on the keyboard due to the heat, it’s no good (I’ve had this happen with an old Dell XPS). Maybe an infrared picture of the thing, while it’s running Battlefield 1 or Witcher 3. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 08:45 telpscorei says: Can anyone who has one confirm it doesn’t suffer from the HP Keylogger issue? It’s to do with a device driver by Conexant- full details here: link to arstechnica.co.uk Easiest way to check is to look for this file – C:\Users\Public\MicTray.log – if it does have it, you’re a little bit screweeeeeed. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 09:10 Philopoemen says: I reeeeaalllly want to see how it stacks up to an ORIGIN-PC Eon17-X …true they be custom…but basically waiting for tax return to drop a substantial sum on one of those badboys unless I somehow get talked out of it. Here’s to no children! Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 12:25 Barts says: Who cares about laptop, there’s a kitty! Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 13:24 4004 says: If only it wasn’t that big. It’s 2017, we have pascal cards and years of hardware design history, why is it so bloody hard to develop a good-looking portable machine with a good GPU? Shopping for a decent laptop is a pain Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 15:05 kud13 says: once my trusty 7-year old 19-inch Toshiba Satellite finally draws it’s last breath, I’ll be looking for a new laptop. I appreciate this series for giving me a heads up on what’s out there. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 17:09 geldonyetich says: For storage on a lappy that is blazing fast, I went with one that could support some M.2 chips running in RAID0. I’m banking that chips aren’t as prone to failure like magnetic platters are, and a couple of 512GB are all you’re likely to need. At that size, those chips won’t break the bank, but they’re still expensive enough that it’s not an inconsequential purchase. But bringing up Windows 10 from a cold start in about 5 seconds is nice. So the question there is whether or not your lappy actually has the ability to support M.2s in RAID0. That, and a G-Sync display, will cut down the aperture of laptops worth getting considerably. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 23:31 HumpX says: Please explain to me why similarly powered laptops and PC desktops have such a price disparity? Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 23:43 Nauallis says: Find me a customizable laptop shell. That’s part of your answer. Log in to Reply 19/05/2017 at 02:01 desolation0 says: It requires some amount of custom engineering to fit everything into the shell properly, vent the heat, and not have the product end up with terrible compromises. There’s no such thing as buying the part you need and slotting it in and having it just work in the laptop world, besides the storage and memory. Then there’s just the cost of making things that are high powered, small, and efficient. The engineering makes it hard to get all three without raising the price further. Log in to Reply 19/05/2017 at 02:26 HumpX says: I see, thanks guys. Log in to Reply 21/05/2017 at 02:26 that_guy_strife says: Okay, I have two questions. One, why is Alienware still refered to as a comparison point ? They are massively overpriced for no reason – multiple other companies have the same configurations for way less. Two, why does the weight matter so much ? A day out on the town is a far cry from a 4 day hike, where every gram is accounted for. I’ve never had a problem lugging around a 15” gaming laptop with its brick during my 7 years of college / university. If an extra pound or two hurt you so much, maybe you need to shape up. Log in to Reply 21/05/2017 at 05:13 Raoul Duke says: Hopefully you are edging closer and closer to the perfect gaming laptop, the MSI GS73VR… Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags feature, Hardware, HP, HP Omen, laptopquest, review. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… Tim Schafer tells the story of Amnesia Fortnight Ideas generation Don't let this golden age of games end The casualties of being spoilt for choice Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber particlese : “Hmmm, maybe I'll sign up after all, then. I'm not much of a newsletter guy, ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? particlese : “True! True. Hmmm... *stubble stroking commences*” on Games need more flying, but not actual flying Don Reba : “I moved countries several times, so I have learned not to get attached to things ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? Vacuity729 : “If you enjoy the combat from The Last Federation, have you tried Starward Rogue? It's ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? Vacuity729 : “I've owned it for ages, and known about it being a well-regarded 4X title for ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? Why do we spend time playing games we don't like? Looking at the data behind bad games Have You Played... American Truck Simulator? Escape plan The Flare Path: What are they all playing this weekend? WELL? How To Get Old Skyrim Saves Working In The Skyrim Special Edition How to fix Skyrim SE save crashes At The Gates is a 4X game that learns from RimWorld and Spelunky Make it different every time Wot I Think: The Edgelands Teetering The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. Have You Played... Adventures Of Shuggy? Completely batty Requiem for an old PC Retired after seven years The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island Review: HP's Omen 17 is as close as gaming laptops get to a bargain 1070 GPU and IPS screen for a fair price Wot I Think: Brute N++ with a spaceship The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Have You Played... Cargo Commander? An overlooked space platformer Surviving Mars brings hard science to colony-building Not a god-awful small affair How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 Premature Evaluation: Dead Cells Best celler Best Europa Universalis 4 mods From Fallout to Game of Thrones All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 1850 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.134% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Sunday | May 21, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest May 21, 09:47 am China killed CIA sources, hobbled U.S. spying from 2010 to 2012: NYT May 21, 09:31 am Sabarmati Express blast: Kashmiri man acquitted of charges after 16 years May 21, 09:27 am Hurriyat suspends Nayeem Khan over sting operation remarks May 21, 09:09 am US judge dismisses discrimination suit by Texas 'clock boy' May 21, 09:02 am North Korea's Unit 180, the cyber warfare cell that worries the West May 21, 08:56 am 2 policemen killed, 1 injured in Karachi gun attack May 21, 08:48 am Softbank-Saudi tech fund becomes world's biggest with $93 billion of capital   Softbank-Saudi tech fund becomes world's biggest with $93 billion of capital SHARE : Reuters Tweet The world's largest private equity fund, backed by Japan's Softbank Group and Saudi Arabia's main sovereign wealth fund, said on Saturday it had raised over $93 billion to invest in technology sectors such as artificial intelligence and robotics. "The next stage of the Information Revolution is under way, and building the businesses that will make this possible will require unprecedented large-scale, long-term investment," the Softbank Vision Fund said in a statement. Japanese billionaire Masayoshi Son, chairman of Softbank, a telecommunications and tech investment group, revealed plans for the fund last October and since then it has obtained commitments from some of the world's most deep-pocketed investors. In addition to Softbank and Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF), the new fund's investors include Abu Dhabi's Mubadala Investment, which has committed $15 billion, Apple Inc, Qualcomm, Taiwan's Foxconn Technology and Japan's Sharp Corp. The new fund made its announcement during the visit of President Donald Trump to Riyadh and the signing of tens of billions of dollars worth of business deals between U.S. and Saudi companies. Son was also in Riyadh on Saturday. After meeting with Trump last December, Son pledged $50 billion of investment in the United States that would create 50,000 jobs, a promise Trump claimed was a direct result of his election win. The fund may also serve the interests of Saudi Arabia by helping Riyadh obtain access to foreign technology. The Saudi economy has been severely damaged by low oil prices, and policymakers are trying to diversify into new industries. The PIF signaled an interest in the tech sector last year by investing $3.5 billion in U.S. ride-hailing firm Uber. Saturday's statement did not say how much the PIF had committed to the fund, but previously it has said it would invest up to $45 billion over five years. Softbank is investing $28 billion. The new fund said it would seek to buy minority and majority interests in both private and public companies, from emerging businesses to established, multi-billion-dollar firms. It expects to obtain preferred access to long-term investment opportunities worth $100 million or more. Other sectors in which the fund may invest include mobile computing, communications infrastructure, computational biology, consumer internet businesses and financial technology. The fund aims for $100 billion of committed capital and expects to complete its money-raising in six months, it added. Tweet More by Reuters RELATED NEWS December 07, 2016, 11:50 am Trump claims $50 billion SoftBank investment due to his election win October 14, 2016, 8:48 pm Saudi Arabia, SoftBank aim to be world's No. 1 tech investor with $100 billion fund August 18, 2014 SoftBank merger-hungry despite T-Mobile flop, says analysts July 07, 2013 US regulators approve SoftBank takeover of Sprint MORE IN INTERNATIONAL May 21, 2017, 9:47 am China killed CIA sources, hobbled U.S. spying from 2010 to 2012: NYT May 21, 2017, 9:31 am Sabarmati Express blast: Kashmiri man acquitted of charges after 16 years May 21, 2017, 9:27 am Hurriyat suspends Nayeem Khan over sting operation remarks May 21, 2017, 9:09 am US judge dismisses discrimination suit by Texas 'clock boy' Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented India made a ‘serious mistake’ by going to ICJ over ... FIA arrest six persons propagating against Pak Army on ... Zakir Naik granted citizenship of Saudi Arabia: sources Indian woman takes revenge from religious guru over rape ... Hassan Rouhani wins Iran's presidential election FO denies news about Sharif-Trump meet at US-Islamic summit LATEST COMMENTS Eddied what alternate reality does the author think exists?...The USA has not changed its position on democracy and freedom?...the world is a very complex place with competing narratives about what is the be... Eddied the Saudi initiative will be a great step forward in working together to eliminate the threat of fanatic terrorism in Muslim countries... Eddied Rouhani has called for better relations with outside countries especially the USA...he may help Iran move past the hate mongering fanatic Ayatollah who still starts meetings by calling for "death to A... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied what alternate reality does the author think exists?...The USA has not changed its position on democracy and freedom?...the world is a very complex place with competing narratives about what is the be... Eddied the Saudi initiative will be a great step forward in working together to eliminate the threat of fanatic terrorism in Muslim countries... Eddied Rouhani has called for better relations with outside countries especially the USA...he may help Iran move past the hate mongering fanatic Ayatollah who still starts meetings by calling for "death to A... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
  Go Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guardian Life Guardian TV Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Technology  |  Technology   Japan’s SoftBank says $93 Billion pledged to technology fund By Bloomberg   |   21 May 2017   |   2:24 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email The Japanese telecom conglomerate is investing $28 billion and has agreements with Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund, Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Investment Co. and Apple Inc. SoftBank Group Corp. secured the first capital commitment to a $100 billion fund with Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi that would eventually put its founder Masayoshi Son in charge of one of technology’s biggest investment vehicles. The Japanese telecom conglomerate is investing $28 billion and has agreements with Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund, Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Investment Co. and Apple Inc. With more than $93 billion committed, the fund — which includes Qualcomm Inc., Foxconn Technology Group and Sharp Corp. — aims to reach $100 billion within six months, SoftBank said in a statement Saturday. Mubadala committed $15 billion, according to a separate statement. The Vision Fund will seek long-term investments in businesses aimed at innovation. SoftBank has relied on borrowing and earnings from its domestic telecom operations to pay for investments in startups in India, U.S. and China while dealing with losses at U.S. subsidiary Sprint Corp. By tapping outside investors, billionaire Son will be able to cut more ambitious deals than he could on his own. “SoftBank has long made bold investments in transformative technologies and supported disruptive entrepreneurs,” Son said in the statement. “The SoftBank Vision Fund is consistent with this strategy and will help build and grow businesses creating the foundational platforms of the next stage of the Information Revolution.” Khaldoon Khalifa Al Mubarak, chief executive officer of Mubadala, said the SoftBank fund “perfectly complements” the company’s strategy to become an investor in high-growth technology companies. Technology Targets Son has made tens of billions from investments in companies including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., Yahoo and Supercell Oy, and the new fund will likely pursue a similar strategy of backing technology companies at all stages. The focus may well be the U.S. after Son met with President Donald Trump in December and pledged to create 50,000 new jobs by investing $50 billion in startups and new companies. Among the fund’s first investments are an acquisition of a 25 percent stake in SoftBank’s ARM Holdings Plc and its investment in satellite startup OneWeb Ltd. SoftBank Vision Fund will be based in West London’s Mayfair. The Japanese company named Rajeev Misra, its head of strategic finance, to lead the project. Jonathan Bullock, chief operating officer of SoftBank International, and Alok Sama, SoftBank’s chief financial officer, have also been appointed senior advisers. The shares of SoftBank are up about 25 percent since the fund was announced in October, buoyed by the prospects it would ease the strain on the Japanese company’s balance sheet. Son’s appetite for deals has left SoftBank with a record $130 billion debt load, one of the heaviest in Japan. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Apple IncSoftBank Group Corp You may also like Revmatas: ICT innovation is at speed of thought, fired by consumers’ imagination 2 hours ago  Technology Amazon sets sights on U.K. grocery with checkout-free trademark 3 hours ago  Technology Rare Apple-I fetches less than expected at German auction 1 day ago  Technology US judge dismisses discrimination suit by Texas 'clock boy' 1 day ago  Technology Shittu wants internet stakeholders to prepare against cyber attacks 1 day ago  Technology Shittu wants internet stakeholders to prepare against cyber attacks 2 days ago  Technology More   Latest APC wins Katsina bye election 30 mins ago  Politics BPE partners NPA to develop maritime sector 1 hour ago  Nigeria Bale, Rodriguez back for real Madrid’s title decider 2 hours ago  Sport Budget rigmarole exposes FG’s lethargy, unpreparedness, says PDP 2 hours ago  Nigeria I will build my church - Part 1 2 hours ago  Ibru Ecumenical Centre More   Communication Hackers demand ransom in Bitcoin 2 days ago   GoOnline Nigeria to empower SMEs for digital age 2 days ago   Experts seek defence strategy over ‘Wannacry’ attacks 2 days ago   Lagos partners MainOne to offer free Wi-Fi 2 days ago   NITDA releases helpline, alerts MDAs over ‘WannaCry’ attacks 2 days ago   Top Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News National Africa World Business Opinion Talks From the Street Fashion Sport Entertainment Entertainment News Music Comedy Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 21 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology 5,800 new housing units to be delivered in Qatar by year-end Trump means business: $380bln deals signed in Riyadh Saudi deputy economy minister says privatisation terms case-by-case India to promote ayurveda in UAE 5,800 new housing units to be delivered in Qatar by year-end Dubai's Meraas picks up $30mln for two Bvlgari Residences British property shows signs of wear and tear Emaar Square Mall opens its doors in Turkey 5,800 new housing units to be delivered in Qatar by year-end Duqm port's container terminal to be completed by 2019 Belarus construction major hopes to partake in Egypt projects Qatar construction market set to record double-digit growth Saudi says all "on board" to extend oil cuts for 9 months Abu Dhabi Masdar to test three solar energy systems Saudi Aramco CEO says to sign $50bln of deals with U.S. companies Dana Gas receives partial payment of $50mln from Egypt Trump means business: $380bln deals signed in Riyadh Saudi Arabia comfortable with 2017 budget deficit Softbank-Saudi tech fund becomes world's biggest U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits Saudi Arabia comfortable with 2017 budget deficit Jordan secures $100mln loan from Islamic Bank for Development Takaful captures 9.6% of Egypt total insurance premiums in two months UAE's Dana Gas creditors appoint Moelis and Weil for sukuk restructuring Man in red tie and 'Ivanka bint' Trump are most trending topics Saudi Mobily offers 300% free credit in Haj and Umrah package Researchers find last-ditch cure to unlock WannaCry files CEO, some staff leave MidEast e-commerce venture Noon Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Trump to seek reset with Islamic world Middle East corporate governance closer to global norms Trump likely to keep pressure on Iran after Rouhani election win Saudi Arabia comfortable with 2017 budget deficit Qatar's new law will provide more than legal certainty Trump to seek reset with Islamic world Saudi-US trade exceeds $533bln in 10 years 5,800 new housing units to be delivered in Qatar by year-end Trump to seek reset with Islamic world Private sector 'must help Arab world bridge $100bln investment gap' Middle East corporate governance closer to global norms Trump likely to keep pressure on Iran after Rouhani election win Trump to seek reset with Islamic world Middle East corporate governance closer to global norms Tunisian cabinet approves three draft laws Thousands rally in north Morocco protest march Qatar's new law will provide more than legal certainty Trump to seek reset with Islamic world Saudi-US trade exceeds $533bln in 10 years U.S. President Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Mideast Stocks: Strong oil, global bourses may aid Gulf Abu Dhabi's Mubadala commits $15bln to SoftBank Vision Fund Not ready to invest in Pakistani stocks despite MSCI upgrade Depreciating Pakistani rupee a risk Mideast Stocks: Strong oil, global bourses may aid Gulf Abu Dhabi's Mubadala commits $15bln to SoftBank Vision Fund Not ready to invest in Pakistani stocks despite MSCI upgrade Saudi's ACWA Power plans late 2018 IPO Depreciating Pakistani rupee a risk Softer dollar may be stock silver lining amid Washington drama Sovereign funds pull $8.4bln from global markets in Q1 Dollar nurses losses as Washington rocked by new probe into Trump campaign Oil at one-month high, supply-cut extension expected OPEC panel looking at deepening, extending oil cuts Iraq still in talks about buying 100,000 T U.S. rice -traders Saudi Arabia crude exports rise to 7.232mln bpd in March Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Qatar's new law will provide more than legal certainty Oman to reject imported food products without certificate Authorities crack down on commercial outlets in UAE capital Oman weathers ransomware cyber attack Qatar's new law will provide more than legal certainty Trump to seek reset with Islamic world Trump means business: $380bln deals signed in Riyadh Authorities crack down on commercial outlets in UAE capital Oman weathers ransomware cyber attack Splitsville: Divorce rate in Kuwait touches an alarming 60% Abu Dhabi Ports conducts exercise to handle crisis involving 12 entities Saudi King: Trump visit enhances global security, stability Qatar's new law will provide more than legal certainty Authorities crack down on commercial outlets in UAE capital Oman weathers ransomware cyber attack U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits Splitsville: Divorce rate in Kuwait touches an alarming 60% More than 22,000 deported from Saudi Arabia in six months Dubai Crown Prince issues resolution regulating use of recreational motorcycles Drivers beware: New traffic rules, new fines in UAE soon Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Man in red tie and 'Ivanka bint' Trump are most trending topics The Dubai story behind Aishwarya Rai’s Cannes dress Rohit Sharma eyes revenge in IPL final against Dhoni Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Oman to reject imported food products without certificate India to promote ayurveda in UAE More than half of world's deaths still have no recorded cause -WHO Saudi ministry toughens conditions for sale of controlled medicines 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years The Dubai story behind Aishwarya Rai’s Cannes dress Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Bridesmaid to bride: Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded wedding Super sale draws in massive crowds to malls Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Saudi Mobily offers 300% free credit in Haj and Umrah package Ramadan is make-or-break for Saudi Arabia's religious tourism sector Emirates to offer in-flight iftar meals in Ramadan The Dubai story behind Aishwarya Rai’s Cannes dress Dubai underwater radio broadcast at Atlantis breaks world record Bridesmaid to bride: Pippa takes spotlight in star-studded wedding Pamela Anderson and Lady Gaga rally to cause of Julian Assange Rohit Sharma eyes revenge in IPL final against Dhoni World Cup indoor cricket fever grips teams Tennis-Nadal expects Murray challenge at French Open despite form dip Dubai Ruler orders merger of three sports clubs Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Financial Services Article investment Abu Dhabi's Mubadala commits $15bln to SoftBank Vision Fund 20 May, 2017 A clear view of Mubadala Building in Abu Dhabi. Mubadala/ Handout via Thomson Reuters Zawya Saturday, May 20, 2017 Abu Dhabi Mubadala Investment Company, the Abu Dhabi based strategic investment fund, on Saturday confirmed that it has made a $15 billion (Dh55.05 billion) commitment to the SoftBank Vision Fund, a major technology and innovation focused fund, alongside a consortium of leading investors. The signing of the SoftBank deal took place in Riyadh on the sidelines of US President Donald Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia on Saturday. The SoftBank Vision Fund, managed by Japan’s Softbank Group Corp, has raised over $93 billion in committed capital from investors including the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia, Apple Inc, Foxconn, Qualcomm, Sharp Corporation and SoftBank Group Corp. The Fund is targeting a total of $100 billion of committed capital, with a final close within six months. Advertisement The Fund will invest in and support leading companies and exceptional entrepreneurs building software, hardware, and internet platforms in areas such as connectivity, data analytics, artificial intelligence, new forms of computing, and deep science applications. The Fund will also look for opportunities in how these applications are impacting major global industries including manufacturing, health care, financial services, space, and transportation, Mubadala said in a statement. Khaldoon Khalifa Al Mubarak, Group Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director, Mubadala Investment Company, said the participation in the SoftBank Vision Fund perfectly complements Mubadala’s strategy as a long-term global investor and partner to the technology sector’s high-growth companies. “Technology and innovation are central to the UAE’s economic diversification strategy, helping to create entirely new economic sectors and career pathways. We believe the Vision Fund has the scale, expertise, and investors to deploy capital and support the growth of leading technology companies and entrepreneurs.” Mubadala’s position within the fund will be managed by Mubadala Capital, the financial investment arm of Mubadala Investment Company. Mubadala has invested in a number of technology related companies including AMD, the Nasdaq-listed multinational known for developing computer processors and related technologies; Globalfoundries, the second largest semiconductor foundry company in the world; Emirates Integrated Communications Company, known as du and Al Yah Satellite Communications Company or Yahsat. Mubadala also has a joint venture with IBM Watson called Cognit, which provides transformative cognitive computing and evidence based decision making to customers in the Middle East and North Africa. The company completed its merger with International Petroleum Investment Company in January this year and is now the world’s fourteenth largest fund with $125 billion of assets, according to the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute. Masayoshi Son, Chairman & CEO of SoftBank Group Corp. and Chairman of the SoftBank Vision Fund Investment Committee, said: “Technology has the potential to address the biggest challenges and risks facing humanity today. The SoftBank Vision Fund is consistent with this strategy and will help build and grow businesses creating the foundational platforms of the next stage of the Information Revolution.” By Fareed Rahman Senior Reporter Gulf News 2017. All rights reserved. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: asia united states saudi arabia uae Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Emirates Post Group appoints Chief Happiness & Positivity Officer 22 hours ago Clean Energy Business Council appoints Stephane le Gentil as new CEO Clean Energy Business Council appoints Stephane le Gentil as their new chief executive officer (CEO). 17 May 2017 Qatar's Sidra appoints Abdulrazaq Al Kuwari as Chief of corporate services 17 May 2017 US's GE appoints KDU as value-added re seller for dynamic positioning systems to enhance marine operational efficiency KDU Worldwide reseller for product range of SeaStream and Sealyte dynamic positioning (DP) systems. 16 May 2017 Barbara Bates takes reins as new Hotwire Group CEO 16 May 2017 US's Welbilt kitchen equipment announces Vice President sales for EMEA Jean-Paul Roudier has been appointed as Vice President of Sales for the EMEA region. 15 May 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE News notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home india world sports weird FOR YOU Trending 11 Famous People With Weird Eating Habits That Are Sure To Leave You Stunned Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > News > weird 11 Famous People With Weird Eating Habits That Are Sure To Leave You Stunned Neha Borkar May 21, 2017 When it comes to food, the famous are very particular about it. Their eating routines, their crockery, and their dishes are quite different from us, normal people.  Here are eating habits of 11 famous people that would make you raise your eyebrows: 1. Warren Buffet has ice-cream for breakfast huffington post The 86-year-old billionaire feasts on ice-cream for breakfast. He also has his food racks filled with Oreos and Velvetta Cheese. He loves guzzling coke and drinks six a day. 2. Karl Lagerfeld skips lunch and has steamed apples for breakfast thegloss Chanel’s creative director mostly consumes liquid as food. Apart from steamed apples for breakfast, Lagerfeld keeps drinking diet coke from the moment he wakes up until he goes to bed! 3. Steve Jobs turned orange because he used to eat only carrots the chive The Apple founder’s diet got way bizarre when he started eating only carrots. According to biographer Walter Isaacson, Jobs had so many carrots that his skin turned orange! 4. Henry Ford used to uproot the roadside weeds and used to put in a sandwich wikicommons The founder of Ford Motor company was of the opinion that his body was a machine and that it needed a natural fuel for it to function. Ford used to uproot the roadside weeds, boil them and put it in the soup or have it in a sandwich. 5. Once, Albert Einstein’s chauffeur caught him eating a grasshopper elconfidencial Apart from having fried eggs and mushrooms religiously, Einstein was fond of grasshoppers! His chauffeur once caught him eating a grasshopper! Now, how bizarre is that? Don't Miss In A First, Kerala Makes Sanitary Napkin Vending Machines Mandatory In All Schools 46.6K SHARES This Man Turned Filth-And-Waste-Packed Versova Beach Into Clean Hangout Place In Just 85 Weeks 30.6K SHARES 23-YO Kerala Law Student Chops Off Genitals Of 'Godman' Who Sexually Abused Her For Eight Years 30.3K SHARES Another Progressive Step Towards A Better India, Kerala To Host Its First Transgender Pageant 29.8K SHARES 'Don't Hang Jadhav Now, Allow Consular Access To Him', ICJ Verdict Hands India Major... 19.7K SHARES 6. Novak Djokovic was spotted eating grass after his Wimbledon win Qutee Djokovic, who only consumes gluten-free food was once spotted eating grass after his 2011 Wimbledon win. He was also spotted eating grass of the lawn on centre court. 7. Hillary Clinton eats a fresh jalapeno everyday cnn The Presidential candidate read an article about how jalapenos can boost the immune system and thereon she daily eats it everyday. 8. In 2011, Mark Zuckerberg only used to eat animals that he used to kill quora The Facebook founder had made a vow that he would eat only animals which he hunted. He slaughtered pigs, goats and chickens during that year. However, he stopped hunting animals long a year later. 9. SRK loves flight food pinterest While most of us hate flight food, Shah Rukh Khan looks forward for having flight meals. He doesn’t like ice-cream and hates when someone takes a picture while he is eating. 10. Stephen King eats a slice of cheesecake everyday before sitting down to write louisville Renowned horror writer Stephen King loves to start his writing by cutting himself a slice of cheesecake. 11. Mariah Carey eats only purple-coloured food thrice in a week billboard Mariah Carey was on a purple diet, where she ate only lilac coloured food. She ate berries, red grapes, purple potatoes, lilac cauliflower and magenta carrots to shed her post-pregnancy weight. PROMOTED STORIES WebMD What Could Be Causing Your ED? StyleBistro Her Dress Dropped Jaws At The 2015 Met Gala Soldiers: Free Online Game If you own a computer you must try this game GlassesUSA.com The Glasses Site Everyone In Clifton Is Buying From Microsoft Have You Put Hurdles Between Employees And Creativity? Tophatter The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women just in india Mathunny Mathews Aka Toyota Sunny, Who Saved 1.7 Lakh Indians During Kuwait War And Inspired 'Airlift', Dies At 81 Partner 10.9K SHARES Yummy Cold Brew Flavours That Are A Global Rage This Summer india 659 SHARES Mumbai Teen Saves 9-Year-Old Boy From Sexual Harassment And Together They Get His Tormentor Arrested Driver Weekly 20 Odd American Cars | #4 Is Just Embarrassing Partner 4.9K SHARES Selfie Decode: Your Personal Selfie Style Can Reveal A Lot About Your Personality india Election Commission Announces EVM Challenge, Kerala Rape Victims' Revenge And Other Must Reads india 8.8K SHARES This 24-YO Student Has Spent Her Last Ten Vacations Collecting Funds To Educate Deprived Girls india 598 SHARES An 1888 Hailstorm That Killed 246 People In Moradabad Listed Among All-Time Deadliest Weather Events In World world 1.8K SHARES Here's The Israeli Culture Minister’s Controversial Jerusalem Dress, According To The Internet VoteItUp Referrals Look No Further, Here Are The Top Sedans For 2016   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Sushmita Sen Created History On This Day 23 Years Ago When She Won The Miss Universe Crown! Shobhita Dutt 64.6K SHARES celebscoop Like A Princess Straight Out Of A Disney Film, Aishwarya Owned The Cannes Red Carpet Garima Satija 45.9K SHARES celebscoop These 11 Pictures Of Deepika Padukone Rocking The Cannes Red Carpet On Day 2 Define Perfection Isha Sharma 45.7K SHARES Ad The Luxury Crossover SUV that Puts You Confidently in Charge Acura celebscoop Big B & Rishi Kapoor Will Share Screen Space After 26 Years, To Play Father-Son In 102 Not Out Garima Satija 29.2K SHARES celebscoop Proud Parents Lisa Haydon & Dino Lalvani Introduce Baby Boy Zack In A Cute Family Picture Garima Satija 18.7K SHARES Entertainment Sylvester Stallone Is Worried Bollywood Will ‘Wreck’ Rambo, Tiger Shroff Assures Him It... Garima Satija 10.5K SHARES Ad Tom Cruise's $59 Million Mansion Will Take Your Breath Away Lonny Sports 7 Facts You Must Know About Team India's Yorker King Jasprit Bumrah Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 10.2K SHARES Entertainment The Queen Of Cannes, Aishwarya Rai Has Arrived & She Already Owned It With Her First Two Looks Garima Satija 15K SHARES india 17-Year-Old Kills Two Men Living Across Delhi In One Night Who Used To Trouble His Sister Pankhuri Yadav 19.2K SHARES Ad An Affordable And Accessible Learning Platform Microsoft OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow This week in apps: Instagram face filters, Medium audio stories, Google Assistant on iOS and more 417 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? By Freia Lobo2017-05-20 13:08:54 UTC Reading all the news from Google I/O may have kept you too busy to keep up with this week's app news. We've kept up for you. SEE ALSO: Google imagines an app-less future with Android Instant Apps Each week we round up the most important app news along with some of the coolest new and updated apps to help you stay in the loop with everything you need on your phone.Here's what caught our eye this week. If you're looking for more, make sure to check out last week's roundup of top apps. Google Assistant comes to iOS Starting today, we're bringing the #GoogleAssistant to iPhones. Whether at home or on the go, your Assistant is here to help. #io17 pic.twitter.com/a6T20HwnU9 — Google (@Google) May 17, 2017 Google is finally bringing its powerful AI assistant to iPhones. As everyone from Microsoft to Samsung comes out with their own version, assistants are likely to be the next most important way to control your phone. Previously, operating systems were restrictive in nature. If you had an iPhone, Apple controlled your experience. Now with assistants like Siri, Google and Alexa being an increasingly dominant way to use your phone, it'll be the company that has the best assistant that will control your experience - and Google has a huge advantage with its knowledge graph. Instagram finally gets face filters  After a months long feature by feature cloning of Snapchat, Instagram's finally gets Snapchat's most iconic feature - the lenses, or as Instagram calls them "face filters." There are only eight filters for now, but Instagram is soon likely to have its own wide array of filters. Messenger gets a new layout Image: facebook messenger Facebook Messenger has an all new home screen. It now contains tabs for Messages, people who are “Active now" or online, and favorite groups. There’s also a new bottom bar for Home, Calls, Camera, People and Games. The Camera is a much more prominent part of Messenger than before, likely due to the Messenger Day feature. Uber adds transit information to Android Image: uber The ride-hailing service announced on Tuesday that its Android app will now allow users to easily access real-time public transportation data. This means that you can easily plan trips like taking an Uber to the train station and coordinating your train times. Uber is partnering with Transit to provide the directions. Elsewhere Image: yoga wake up Image: yoga wake up Yoga Wake Up is a Yoga alarm clock that wakes you up with a guided audio meditation or yoga sequence that's set to music. Download iOS. Image: whatsapp Whatsapp has rolled out pinned chats to Android users.  Image: medium Medium launched professionally produced audio content, the first exclusive feature for paying members. Finally, you'll soon be able to have YouTube parties in VR. WATCH: This phone case brews espresso on the go Topics: Facebook Messenger, google assistant, instagram, instagram stories, medium, Tech, Yoga About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Lifestyle News Give failure a chance, check out the incredible museum dedicated to tanked innovations Harley Davidson’s attempt at brand extension didn’t go down well among its followers when the motorbike brand launched its perfume. The Kodak DC-40 digital cameras’ bulky size was a disadvantage; Photographs courtesy: Sofie Lindberg Shares23 Marisha Karwa | Sun, 21 May 2017-08:00am , DNA Museum of Failure founder and curator Samuel West tells Marisha Karwa there's much to be learnt from failures than from success stories. And he's seeking examples of Indian innovations that bombed Samuel West is candid. The first product that he sourced for the Museum of Failure turned out to be, well, a dud. "I'd ordered the Harley Davidson cologne online, paying a lot of money for it. When I received the package, a small envelope, it turned out to be a tiny, little sample bottle," chuckles the museum's founder and curator. "I now have the real one at the museum." Sitting alongside the iconic Harley Davidson branded Eau De Toilette at the Museum of Failure in Helsingborg, southern Sweden, are products from such reputed companies as Apple (Newton MessagePad and Pippin), Google (Wave platform and Google Glass), Sony (Betamax), Amazon (Fire), Coca-Cola (Blak and Coke II), Lego (Technic Fiber Optic), Kodak (digital camera DC-40) and Colgate (beef lasagne – yes, beef lasagne!). It might seem perplexing to find products and services from the stables of some of the best-known brands and behemoths huddled under a tag that is corporate anathema, but that's precisely what the museum aims to celebrate. "Companies' and governments' fear of failure or being associated with failure makes it impossible for them to learn from the setbacks. The museum's mission is to convey that in order to not bungle up, again and again, we have to pay attention to our failures," says the 43-year-old. "Scientific literature is very clear that there is much more to be learnt from failure than from success." The fall down... Failure, explains West, is a deviation from the expected and/or desired result. For instance, when it was announced in 2001, the makers of Segway wanted it to reach 1 billion in sales quicker than any other product in history. "Its makers wanted the Segway to be to the car what the car was to the horse wagon," says West, a doctorate in organisational psychology. "Segway represents organisational failure. Despite its hefty price tag, the personal transporter has turned out to be a stupid little toy." A similar fate met Nokia's N-Gage model, which sought to combine mobile telephony with gaming but ended up as a clunky device for both needs. Another disastrous product, masquerading as a beauty product, is the self-explanatory Rejuvenique Electrical Facial Mask — an innovation that ditched common sense at the altar of vanity. The museum's oldest exhibit is a 1940s medical instrument called orbitoclast used for "a very, very popular neurosurgery called a lobotomy in psychiatric patients. The tool punched a hole in the person's skull, behind the eye, and destroyed the front part of the brain", according to West. He points out that companies accelerate their path to rock-bottom when marketing teams hype a new product as the next big thing and then fail to meet expectations. "Hyping up sets up a huge risk of failure. It's about finding a balance between promoting, marketing and then delivering." ...makes for tough lessons A failure to learn may well be because of a prestige issue, macho leadership style or the inability of a product team to challenge leadership or voice a contrary opinion. West points out that the aviation industry is a great example of learning from failure. "When an airplane crashes, they don't say, 'Oh foul weather, too bad.' They go deeper and do a thorough investigation. They don't just accept the first best answer," he says, and points to Sony's experience with the Betamax. "Sony failed because they didn't license the technology to other manufacturers. They also didn't form alliances with the entertainment industry. The competition, VHS, had more films than Betamax did, and they used that to their strategic advantage. But later, when Sony launched the compact disc, it first bought CBS Records to ensure that when the CD hits the market, they have a lot of music to put on them. And the CD is a huge success story." Hitting a home run West, who has been collecting failed products for the last two years, started actively doing so last year after he had a eureka moment at the Museum of Broken Relationships in Zagreb, Croatia. "That's when I realised that I could convey the abstract notion of learning from failure with physical products and items in a museum." Supported by Sweden's innovation agency Vinnova, the 500sqm Museum of Failure will open to the public on June 7. While it currently has 70 exhibits — innovative products and services, there are none from South America, Africa, China or India. "I'd love to have failed innovations from all these places to have a more geographically representative collection," he says. "It's not strange that most products have come from the US, northern Europe, the UK or Japan. Historically, these are the places where most innovation has occurred. I hope your readers (in India) send me suggestions." Ask if the museum would put Helsingborg on the tourist map and pat comes the reply: "Am worried about the Museum of Failure being a failure because it's gotten so much global attention that expectations are very high! It's a risk!" Marisha Karwa Info Marisha Karwa enjoys looking for grammatical errors and hacking copies at dna. She also endlessly feeds her team with cakes and cookies. If not a journalist, she'd be a wandering samaritan. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Lifestyle It’s OK not to be on FB! Lifestyle Give failure a chance, check out the incredible museum dedicated to tanked innovations Lifestyle Zip off to Zagreb Lifestyle Content teens consume: To censor or not to censor Lifestyle Cement in a new avatar Lifestyle You might've noticed this pink... Next Article > Sonia Gandhi, Rahul pay tribute to Rajiv Gandhi on his death anniversary Live Cricket Score Ireland vs New Zealand Sun, 21 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Next node Sonia Gandhi, Rahul pay tribute to Rajiv Gandhi on his death anniversary Related Sun, surf and sail in Mumbai It is important how you finish the race but equally important is how you start it: Sachin Tendulkar Lost City of Colombia Video WATCH: Andy Cohen makes Priyanka Chopra pick who's bigger between The Rock and Zac Efron WATCH: BJP slams UPA for hiring Pak-origin lawyer to defend India in 2004 EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA View all Tags Just Before Monday United States Google Helsingborg Sweden Apple China Coca-Cola Museum of Failure Samuel West Harley Davidson Eau De Toilette SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Restrictions imposed in parts of Srinagar ahead of 675 govt houses illegally occupied even after employees' death Teen spits on Muslim classmate; tries to yank off her hijab Widows of Manipur's extra-judicial killings are foot soldiers Saharanpur: 4 arrested for damaging Ambedkar statue Sport Rugby-Australia woes fan frustration in neighbouring New Zealand Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, May 21 Athletics-World Challenge Meeting Kingston men/women results Tendulkar holds special screening of his film for armed forces Rome Masters: Novak Djokovic hammers Dominic Thiem to set up Alexander Zverev final Entertainment Sushant not bothered by stories about his personal life Basu to go ahead Kishore biopic even if Ranbir is unavailable Cannes 2017: Sonam Kapoor brings 'alt-desi' chic to French Riviera My mother is not my competition: Konkona Sensharma Jennifer Garner used to babysit Stephen Colbert's daughter Money Mauritius, Singapore investors continue to see rise in assets Roca to enter premium tiles biz, eyes Rs 100 cr revenue Steel sector SMEs hope lower GST on coal will boost margins Natco Pharma gets green nod for Rs 480 cr expansion project Govt initiates work on shifting financial year to Jan-Dec Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · Russia · Republicans · Democrats · FederalBureauofInvestigation · GOP · Impeachment · Community · JamesComey · election · Progressives · trumprussia · Comey · Media · HealthCare · Vote · GOTV · Elections · TeaParty · Populists · Politics · PaulRyan · 2018 · Senate · RobQuist · MichaelFlynn · WhiteHouse · RobertMueller · trumpcare Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: I am not a reporter, and I want to see Donald Trump’s tax returns Despite promising to release his tax returns in a televised debate with Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump continues to show that... Sign the petition: Investigate Jeff Sessions for violating his recusal Attorney General Jeff Sessions promised to recuse himself on all Justice Department investigations that relate in any way to... Sign the petition: Don't mess with Social Security! Donald Trump campaigned on protecting Social Security and Medicare, but like most Trump scams we are already seeing that... See All 7 Campaigns » Front Page Queue Stream Members Following Profile Open thread for night owls: Ultra-rich & religious zealots have teamed up to dismantle public ed By Meteor Blades   Saturday May 20, 2017 · 7:30 PM PDT 2017/05/20 · 19:30 56 Comments Share this article 78 78 78 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS OpenThreadforNightOwls Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 56 Comments Share this article 78 78 78 An excerpt from Jennifer Berkshire at Jacobin, who writes: The Privatization Prophets—For years, millionaires and religious zealots have teamed up to preach "school choice" in an effort to dismantle public education: During a recent talk to tech investors and “edupreneurs,” Secretary of Education Betsy Devos, the least regarded of all of the rogues and billionaires who compose the Trump cabinet, returned to a favorite theme of hers. Apple, Uber, and Airbnb have worked their disruptive magic on one industry after another. Why aren’t our public schools being similarly disrupted? “Who here can pull out their Blockbuster card?” she asked the crowd. But if the nation’s schools are the equivalent of a kitchen-wall rotary phone or the cab that never comes, DeVos was eager to let the audience know that a quick fix is at hand: school choice. The way to disrupt our educational malaise once and for all is to shift the way we think about education to focus “on students, not buildings. If a child is learning, it shouldn’t matter where they learn.” Even the best schools won’t be the right “fit” for all kids, DeVos noted. “The simple fact is that if a school is not meeting a child’s unique needs, then that school is failing that child.” Beneath the folksy tech talk, though, lurks a radical vision, one that is taking root in state after state. The ultimate aim of the project of which DeVos is now the most visible face is to remove education from the public system. Those “buildings” of which she speaks so disdainfully, the disparaging “status quo” never far behind, represent the entire architecture of public education, and more importantly, its democratic control. Diminishing this is key to reaching the promised land of privatization. Stodgy school boards are standing in the way of getting there; so are superintendents and parent teacher associations and teachers unions — above all, the teachers unions. Unfettering the markets is only part of the vision. Control over the process of socializing children, the near-monopoly domain of a system that is both secular and, as the libertarian right deridingly characterizes it, collectivist, is another prize. And if there is some money to be made along the way, well, there’s nothing wrong with that. DeVos’s efforts to take public education private are uniting seekers of profits and prophets. Let’s take a look at some of the key battles over those efforts. [...] What’s coming up on Sunday Kos … They fled from swastikas in Germany to HBCUs in the Jim Crow south, by Denise Oliver Velez Why many are willing to ignore Trump-Russia, by David Akadjian Donald Trump’s staggering litany of national security hypocrisy and failure, by Frank Vyan Walton School choice, segregation by another name, by Mark E Andersen Loyal to country or loyal to Trump, by Ian Reifowitz In praise of Donald Trump, by Jon Perr We must not allow snake oil marketing of Trumpcare to gain traction, by Egberto Willies A free press: The fourth estate, by Susan Grigsby Trump visit to Israel could mean land mines ahead, by Sher Watts Spooner ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED, by DarkSyde • An Activists’ Calendar of Resistance Events • Indivisible’s list of Resistance Events & Groups TOP COMMENTS • HIGH IMPACT STORIES • SUNDAY TALK QUOTATION “The mistake you make, don't you see,is in thinking one can live in a corrupt society without being corrupt oneself. After all, what do you achieve by refusing to make money? You're trying to behave as though one could stand right outside our economic system. But one can't. One's got to change the system, or one changes nothing. One can't put things right in a hole-and-corner way, if you take my meaning.”                      ~George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying, 1936   TWEET OF THE DAY x Only 29% of women say they have "quite a lot of confidence" in the direction of the country, compared to 53% of men: https://t.co/LIvGP8ZCVo pic.twitter.com/RHt1BeDIaN— Planned Parenthood (@PPact) May 20, 2017 BLAST FROM THE PAST At Daily Kos on this date in 2003—Color coding scheme a joke: For those of you who suspected that the Department of Homeland Defense's color-coding scheme was a farce, reader Karen P sends in confirmation: • 9.11.01: WTC And Pentagon Attacks (3,044 dead)  • 3.12.02: DHS's Homeland Security Advisory System established, alert set to Elevated • 9.10.02: Alert changed to High • 9.24.02: Alert changed to Elevated • 4.11.02: Tunisian Synagogue Truck Bomb (20 dead)  • 5.8.02: Karachi Suicide Bomber (15 dead) • 6.14.02: Karachi Car Bombing (11 dead)  • 10.6.02: French Tanker Bombing (1 dead)  • 10.12.02: Bali Bombing (185 dead)  • 11.28.02: Mombasa Bombing (15+ dead) • 2.7.03: Alert changed to High • 2.27.03: Alert changed to Elevated  • 3.17.03: Alert changed to High • 4.16.03: Alert changed to Elevated • 5.12.03: Riyadh Bombing (29+ dead)  • 5.16.03: Casablanca Bombing (41 dead)  • 5.20.03: Alert changed to High   In other words, the color-coding system is a crapshoot. Not even, because even a crapshoot gets it right occasionally. Terrorists can strike when we're least prepared, that much is clear. So scrap this stupid "scare the people" gimmick once and for all. It's not doing anyone any good. Monday through Friday you can catch the Kagro in the Morning Show 9 AM ET by dropping in here, or you can download the Stitcher app (found in the app stores or at Stitcher.com), and find a live stream there, by searching for "Netroots Radio.” 56 Comments Share this article 78 78 78 56 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Lifestyle News You might've noticed this pink... Shares1 Rucha Sharma | Sun, 21 May 2017-07:50am , DNA ...which goes by many names — Rose gold, Millennial pink, Tumblr pink. It's a shade the design world can't seem to get enough of, observes Rucha Sharma It's a shade that has silently taken over the world. You might've been wearing it without having noticed that the colour connects you to a generation that decides trends for themselves (and marketeers simply have to roll with it). Oddly-enough, Millennial pink is not one shade. It's a spectrum, which starts at desaturated Barbie pink and ends at a lighter tinge of blush — the kind that leans towards beige. And it's being sported and displayed everywhere — from the rose gold iPhone cooling your palm, to the Sabyasachi lehenga that Bollywood's gen-next Jhanvi Kapoor sported for his Udaipur Collection Spring Couture 2017 earlier this month. "The whole millennial revolution is fast catching up in India. The colour is an evolution of India's favourite festive pinks, only in more subtle tones," say fashion designer duo Shivan and Narresh. Millennial pink is a colour that has defied the cycle of trends. It stayed in the feminine domain for time immemorial. Enter the Millennials — not bound by definitions and firm holders of sexuality-is-a-spectrum belief. As they've been doing with things of vintage nature (think vinyl records, polaroids, audio cassettes, tamagotchis and Nokia 3310), it is this lot that has put their force behind the colour, pushing it into androgynous waters — breaking away from the generations-old notion of pink being a colour for girls, and a more recent connection with gay men. And it is here, at the cusp that the colour has found flourish. Millennial pink allows for a better expression. It is confident but without the sharp edges. It is brave yet aesthetically pleasing. It demonstrates a willingness to break barriers, set a new path and move forward. "Millennial pink has become a sort of nuanced neutral," explains award-winning architect and interior designer Ashiesh Shah. "Unlike the pinks that have been in trend before, it's a lot more androgynous and muted." Shivan and Narresh, who've used the colour for their Mailot swim pieces, echo Shah when they add: "The colour has a certain gender-neutrality associated with its particular tones. It's appropriate for new-age consumption in silhouettes like swim, resortwear, hoodies, bombers and even sneakers." From a design perspective, Shah feels the colour adds softness to a space. "It works very well with masculine tones such as green, grey and black. And it fits seamlessly with brass and copper details. It works very well on upholstery, carpets and curtains. I've also used Millennial pink coloured furniture in my projects," he says. "It's sophisticated, elegant and yet playful." The playfulness that Shah refers to is perhaps what has kept the colour's stock soaring. In 2014, the Colour Marketing Group, a global non-profit that forecasts colour for design and colour professionals, had picked Shim, a deep pink-beige, as the emerging colour for 2016, and Pantone too selected Rose Quartz (along with Serenity) as the colour of 2016. But we are nearly halfway through 2017, and designers, creators and innovators are not even close to being done with it. Art & Architecture Artist and designer Marc Ange's Le Refuge was the most Instagrammed installation at Milan Design Week this year. The bed and its leafy canopy was coated in Millennial pink. A few years ago, in 2014, British artist David Shrigley and designer India Mahdavi changed the face of the London restaurant Sketch to everything pink. Mahdavi repeated the feat for RED Valentino's store in London and for the Ralph Pucci collection in New York in 2016. Incidentally, the colour's first documentation shows up in French painter Jean-Honore Fragnoard's 1767 painting The Swing. More than a century later, then Maharaja Ram Singh of Jaipur painted the entire city pink when the Prince of Wales and Queen Victoria visited India on a tour in 1876. And who can forget Russian jeweller Peter Carl Fabrege's Easter egg, called Moscow Egg, which featured a Millennial pink castle holding the egg, for Tsar Nicholas II in 1906. Technology Apple used pink in its iMac G3 computers in 1998 but the Paris Hilton wave swallowed their bold attempt. Dell's Inspiron laptop series came close to using a Millennial pink casing in 2007, which too received a lukewarm response. It was only in 2012 when Asus introduced its ZenBook that Rose gold set a nervous foot in the tech world. Two years later, the colour scaled new heights when Apple unveiled the Apple Watch, serving the 18-karat Rose gold shade on an iPlatter. The company even used the shade for its iPhone 6 casing. Three years on, India's Formula One team, Sahara Force India, has introduced a new livery in all Millennial pink, doing a one-up on Cadillac's Mary Kay cars from the late 1960s. Popular culture The year 2017 dawned with Millennial pink phenomena when protesters in 'pussycat caps' marched against US president Donald Trump in Washington DC and around the world in January 2017. A couple of years earlier, rapper Drake paved the path for a Millennial pink explosion when he grooved to Hotline Bling — white letters plastered on a pink flyer, et al. And no prizes for guessing who was nominated for a whole lot of awards in 2014 for his pink-infused cinematic wonder that was The Grand Budapest Hotel. You know a style is here to stay when it's endorsed by Wes Anderson! Fashion and the red carpet For the promotion of his self-titled debut album earlier this year, Harry Styles of One Direction fame, picked Gucci. He sported two shades from the Millennial pink spectrum, for his Saturday Night Live performance. Gucci, incidentally, is the luxury house to blame for whipping up a Millennial pink hysteria. Creative director Alessandro Michele's collection and clever marketing and sales strategy had everyone lining up outside Gucci stores in 2016. Thanks in no small part to Oscar-winner Cate Blanchett and to Jared Leto, undoubtedly one of the ultimate hipsters of Hollywood and alt-rock music. Closer home, Manish Malhotra has continued his love affair with the shades in his 2017 Summer Couture collection even as his contemporary, Sabyasachi, took the colour for a spin in his latest collection. Now, didn't Jhanvi Kapoor look pretty in that Millennial pink lehenga? Rucha Sharma TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Lifestyle It’s OK not to be on FB! Lifestyle Give failure a chance, check out the incredible museum dedicated to tanked innovations Lifestyle Zip off to Zagreb Lifestyle Content teens consume: To censor or not to censor Lifestyle Cement in a new avatar Lifestyle You might've noticed this pink... Next Article > Cement in a new avatar Live Cricket Score Ireland vs New Zealand Sun, 21 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Next node Cement in a new avatar Related Sun, surf and sail in Mumbai It is important how you finish the race but equally important is how you start it: Sachin Tendulkar Lost City of Colombia Video WATCH: Andy Cohen makes Priyanka Chopra pick who's bigger between The Rock and Zac Efron WATCH: BJP slams UPA for hiring Pak-origin lawyer to defend India in 2004 EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA View all Tags Just Before Monday Rose Gold Millennial pink Tumblr pink United States Apple Gucci Victoria Cate Blanchett David Shrigley Donald Trump Harry Styles Hollywood Jared Leto Paris Hilton Wes Anderson Udaipur Collection Spring Couture Ashiesh Shah Rose Quartz Milan Design Week SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Restrictions imposed in parts of Srinagar ahead of 675 govt houses illegally occupied even after employees' death Teen spits on Muslim classmate; tries to yank off her hijab Widows of Manipur's extra-judicial killings are foot soldiers Saharanpur: 4 arrested for damaging Ambedkar statue Sport Rugby-Australia woes fan frustration in neighbouring New Zealand Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, May 21 Athletics-World Challenge Meeting Kingston men/women results Tendulkar holds special screening of his film for armed forces Rome Masters: Novak Djokovic hammers Dominic Thiem to set up Alexander Zverev final Entertainment Sushant not bothered by stories about his personal life Basu to go ahead Kishore biopic even if Ranbir is unavailable Cannes 2017: Sonam Kapoor brings 'alt-desi' chic to French Riviera My mother is not my competition: Konkona Sensharma Jennifer Garner used to babysit Stephen Colbert's daughter Money Mauritius, Singapore investors continue to see rise in assets Roca to enter premium tiles biz, eyes Rs 100 cr revenue Steel sector SMEs hope lower GST on coal will boost margins Natco Pharma gets green nod for Rs 480 cr expansion project Govt initiates work on shifting financial year to Jan-Dec Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Business Home LBoard Mukhriz: Pakatan’s choice for PM should be announced before GE14 FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Softbank-Saudi tech fund becomes world’s biggest with $93 billion of capital Reuters | May 21, 2017 The fund may also serve the interests of Saudi Arabia by helping Riyadh obtain access to foreign technology. The Saudi economy has been severely damaged by low oil prices, and policymakers are trying to diversify into new industries. RIYADH: The world’s largest private equity fund, backed by Japan’s Softbank Group and Saudi Arabia’s main sovereign wealth fund, said on Saturday it had raised over $93 billion to invest in technology sectors such as artificial intelligence and robotics. “The next stage of the Information Revolution is under way, and building the businesses that will make this possible will require unprecedented large-scale, long-term investment,” the Softbank Vision Fund said in a statement. Japanese billionaire Masayoshi Son, chairman of Softbank, a telecommunications and tech investment group, revealed plans for the fund last October and since then it has obtained commitments from some of the world’s most deep-pocketed investors. In addition to Softbank and Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund, the new fund’s investors include Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Investment, which has committed $15 billion, Apple Inc, Qualcomm, Taiwan’s Foxconn Technology and Japan’s Sharp Corp. The new fund made its announcement during the visit of President Donald Trump to Riyadh and the signing of tens of billions of dollars worth of business deals between U.S. and Saudi companies. Son was also in Riyadh on Saturday. After meeting with Trump last December, Son pledged $50 billion of investment in the United States that would create 50,000 jobs, a promise Trump claimed was a direct result of his election win. The fund may also serve the interests of Saudi Arabia by helping Riyadh obtain access to foreign technology. The Saudi economy has been severely damaged by low oil prices, and policymakers are trying to diversify into new industries. The PIF signaled an interest in the tech sector last year by investing $3.5 billion in U.S. ride-hailing firm Uber. Saturday’s statement did not say how much the PIF had committed to the fund, but previously it has said it would invest up to $45 billion over five years. Softbank is investing $28 billion. The new fund said it would seek to buy minority and majority interests in both private and public companies, from emerging businesses to established, multi-billion-dollar firms. It expects to obtain preferred access to long-term investment opportunities worth $100 million or more. Other sectors in which the fund may invest include mobile computing, communications infrastructure, computational biology, consumer internet businesses and financial technology. The fund aims for $100 billion of committed capital and expects to complete its money-raising in six months, it added. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story With new sheriff in town, South Korea big businesses duck for cover US regulators open probe into recall of nearly 1.7 million Hyundai, Kia models ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News KP SPRM: ‘Kenapa kami tak tangkap ahli politik… Was Mat Over trying to revive his career? The smell of money Tangkapan SPRM bukti pendedahan saya benar, kata Pengerusi… JJPTR founder, aides to be remanded today Emotional PKR Congress backs Anwar for PM Don’t read those books, son! Ku Nan: Jinjang residents must move out immediately GLCs must focus on merit to stem brain-drain, says expert Malaysia can drop race-based policies but… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Prinsip PAS tak jelas, kerajaan Selangor di laluan sukar Siapa pemenang antara tampar dan TN50? The smell of money Don’t read those books, son! Was Mat Over trying to revive his career? We need to come to terms with May 13 More... FMT Bahasa SPRM tahan 3 anggota polis minta rasuah RM500 Umno nafi program Bantu Rakyat pancing undi PRU14 Anwar: Pendirian PAS ‘cerai’ PKR sudah lama diduga Perwakilan PKR, pemimpin Pakatan mahu Anwar PM ke-7 Ucapan emosi Wan Azizah, yakin Pakatan Harapan ulangi rekod PRU13 Remaja lemas ketika berkelah selepas program PAS More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature 1070 GPU and IPS screen for a fair price Home Hardware Review: HP’s Omen 17 is as close as gaming laptops get to a bargain By Alec Meer on May 17th, 2017 at 7:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit When I began my quest to review a horde of gaming laptops, at the end of which I would purchase the one I liked the most, I was reasonably convinced of two things. One, I wouldn’t settle for something that I considered to be graphically underpowered. Two, I didn’t want something gigantic. The first conviction was challenged by the relatively affordable Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming, whose humble 1050 Ti GPU proved surprisingly meaty (sadly, the awful screen ultimately deterred me from purchase there), and now the second has come undone in the face of the colossal 17″ HP Omen. Cards on the table: I arranged a loan of this machine – Omen by HP 17-w200na, to give it its full name – in the near-certain belief that I really wouldn’t like it. The sheer size of the thing, the cod-Satanic branding, a perceived plastickiness in photos, the lack of a Thunderbolt 3 port and, most of all, a suspiciously cheap price for a laptop with a powerful NVIDIA GTX 1070 graphics card. You can get this thing for £450-£650 less than the very similarly-specced Alienware 15 I looked at a while back, and £600-£750 less than Alienware’s broadly equivalent 17″ model. Surely this meant the Omen is nasty? Not a bit of it. It’s a significantly nicer machine than the Alienware despite the significantly lower cost. And a dramatically superior machine to the Inspiron 15 despite being “only” £500 more (‘only’ £350 if you use an HP voucher). First, let’s do the specs thing. In the spirit of full disclosure, the review unit I have is in fact a last-gen model, but all that actually means is it has a marginally slower CPU – a 2.6-3.5 GHz Intel Core i7 6700HQ, versus the 2.8-3.8 GHz in the more recent model’s 7700HQ; there are few real life scenarios in which this would make a perceptible difference. Everything else is just the same as the Omen 17 you can buy now, though you’ll find different RAM, hard drive, screen and graphics card configurations depending on where you buy and how much you pay. Here’s what we get: CPU: Intel Core i7 6700HQ, 2.6 GHz / 3.5Ghz max boost (again, if you buy a brand new one you’re more than likely to find a 7700HQ in there instead) GPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 8GB RAM: 8GB DDR 4 Hard drive: 128GB M.2 SSD and 1TB HDD Screen: Full HD 1920×1080, IPS, 40-75Hz G-Sync Size: 41.6 x 27.9 x 3.3 cm Weight: 3.4 Kg That spec, once again with the fractionally faster 7700HQ, can be had for £1500 from Amazon, or a pretty remarkable £1,350 direct from HP if bought using a ‘MAY10’ voucher code valid until the end of this Month. Alternatively, you can drop the GPU down to a 1060 (still a very capable card, but you’re future-proofing yourself less) and an i5 6300HQ (bit slower and has no hyperthreading, but this won’t be an issue in the vast majority of current games) for £1,179. I’m not at all comfortable using the word ‘bargain’ when it comes to dropping £1,500 or even £1,350 on a single item, but certainly it’s true that I haven’t turned up a better value proposition for a high-end gaming laptop than this one. A few Asus and Gigabyte models do get close to it, however, so I can well imagine that the right sale in the right place on the right day will see one of those undercut this one. I’ll do my best to get hold of those for review later in this seriesette, anyway. Let’s tackle the elephant in the room, which was my fear that the Omen 17 would be like keeping an elephant in my room. I’ve owned or borrowed many laptops during my time, but never gone above 15″ because, well, I wanted an actually portable device, not effectively a desktop PC that folded up a bit. The Omen 17 is certainly big and thick, but nothing like as big as I’d feared – or as heavy. Relatively efficient use of bezel means that there aren’t acres of plastic either side of the screen, and there’s minimal use of metal styling (or external heatsink blocks, as with the Alienware 15) to create excess weight. PS4 pad pictured for size as well as heresy. Though its all-plastic construction means you miss out on the premium feel of, say, an Apple or Razer laptop, I find the fact that I can carry this thing about without my back collapsing infinitely preferable. It’s the same weight as the Alienware despite being quite a bit bigger, and doesn’t feel dramatically heavier than the Inspiron 15 gaming. Moving betwixt home and office involves an almighty hill, and so far I haven’t keeled over and died halfway up while carrying this. Summer’s only just begun, mind you. There’s no doubt about it though, this is a big old lad, and it requires a power supply the size and weight of a paperback too. There is simply no way I’m using it in a coffee shop or on a train or plane tray table, and that’s a combination of practicality and embarrassment factor. The latter at least relates mostly to size rather than appearance. Though the blood red Omen logo on its cover was described by a colleague as resembling “a grumpy beaver” rather than whatever proprietary demon graphic it’s intended to be, the branding is comparatively discrete here. It’s certainly not beautiful, but it’s not “oh God I’m a victim of a marketing executive’s stereotypes about ‘gamers'” either. I feel significantly less self-conscious about its carbon black with red backlit keyboard design than I did the little grey man and neon striplighting of the Alienware 15. (I know I keep picking on the Alienware machine here, but as I get to see more of these machines I’ll have more points of comparison – and, in this case, Omen and Alienware are very much rivals for the gaming laptop buck right now.) I even prefer it to the more neutral grey with red accents of the Inspiron. Though also all-plastic, the matte finish and carbon fibre effect broadly looks smart rather than cheap. If I owned one, I’d definitely be slapping a sticker over the grumpy beaver, however. So, no coffee shop use, but as a machine to move between home and work, the Omen’s surprised me. It’s not just that it’s a little more portable than I’d suspected, but also that the generous 17″ screen gives me a sense of using a proper PC that I’ve ever known in any previous laptop. Even with 15 inchers, I’ve quickly found myself keeping an external monitor to hand because screen real estate has felt so cramped, and games so tiny. I wouldn’t bother here – 17″ is the sweet spot in that regard. Big and roomy and games look great on it. It helps a lot that the screen itself isn’t trash, of course. There’s an IPS panel in there (i.e. the same sort of tech used in phones and Apple laptops) so you get good colours and viewing angles. The displays on the Alienware and Dell models made me deeply miserable, as everything looked pale and uninteresting on them even if you could find the tiny window of correct viewing angle. The Omen doesn’t come close to matching the glorious vibrancy of the Razer Blade Stealth‘s 4K screen, but in day-to-day practice I have no real complaints. Everything looks right. I’d worried from afar that ‘just’ 1080p might look a bit lousy on a screen this big, but that’s been no issue whatsoever. Sure, 4K makes fonts look pretty and games look sharp, but the reality is it’s a big hit on battery life and is likely to have your GPU hitting its performance ceiling too soon for no major gain. One thing the Alienware does have over this one, screen-wise, is that it has up to 120Hz refresh (and therefore framerate), which appeals to the speed-above-all-else crowd. Though both machines have G-Sync, this one tops out at 75Hz. Speaking personally, that’s more than enough (I can feel a slight difference from 60 > 75 Hz, but very little if anything above that) and I find that plus an IPS panel is an infinitely more pleasant experience than 120Hz + a TN panel. Each to their What Hi-Fi-reading own, however. As for the GPU, a 1070 is a 1070 so other than checking it works as it’s supposed to (it does), there’s little new to say there. As with the Alienware 15, it’s maxing out the likes of the Witcher 3 and Deus Ex Mankind Divided without breaking a sweat. Add Prey to that roster, which in most cases is seeing a solid 75 FPS on the Omen, with G-Sync compensating for minor drops (adaptive sync means a game’s framerate can flicker happily all over the place rather than hard-switch between 60/45/30 as it does with V-Sync). Only time will tell, but my feeling is that a 1070 won’t age too quickly, the G-Sync panel will help when it does and, if you can afford it, that GPU makes for a better investment than does a 1060 laptop. That said, on the issue of upgradeability, this sadly lacks a Thunderbolt 3 connection, so you won’t be able to use an external graphics card dock with it when you need a bit more graphical oomph a few years later. It’s difficult to say what the lie of the land will be for eGPUs a few years hence, but right now it does seem a mite foolish to be buying a laptop that definitely cannot support it. I’d probably steer clear of the less powerful 1060 version of the Omen 17 for exactly that reason. It should also be noted that a few other concessions have been made to keep this Omen’s price down. 8GB of RAM is enough for many situations, but you’ll probably find yourself wanting to upgrade to 16GB in short order if you like to have a few browser tabs open in the background while you game, or use Photoshop or Premiere or stream or anything like that. 16GB is by no means a necessity in 2017, but it’s definitely helpful. The same’s true of the 128GB solid state boot drive. It’s enough for Windows, a few key applications and one or two games, but you’ll need to start using the 1TB mechanical drive for game installations before long, which means far slower loading times. Ideally the SSD would be 256GB, just for a bit more breathing room, so that might turn out to be another deferred cost if you go for the Omen, depending on how much you’re bothered by loading screens. I think those are entirely fair compromises made in the name of selling a very powerful gaming laptop for £1500, however. As such, despite these niggles, the lack of Thunderbolt 3 and the fact it’s too chunky to use in some public places, the Omen has currently shot right to the top of my ‘laptops I might buy’ list. Strong specs, an entirely decent screen and a price that meaningfully undercuts most of its rivals: there’s so much to like here. I’d honestly expected to not get on with the Omen 17 at all, but now I’m finding it fits into my work/play laptop gap eerily snugly. All being well, next up we’ll be looking at the Razer Blade, a very different proposition, but one which is likely to create a real dilemma for me about which machine I’ll end up buying. Omen by HP 17-w200na is available now. HP are currently selling it direct for £1,350 until the end of the month, or it can be found for £1,499 from online stores including Amazon. Review sample loaned to us by HP. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 49 Comments 17/05/2017 at 19:33 Alice O'Connor says: DOES THE CAT COME WITH IT? Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:49 ColonelFlanders says: The laptop comes with the cat. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 12:15 DailyFrankPeter says: It’s still going to try to lie on yours, even if it has it’s own laptop. ;) Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 19:49 Fede says: That’s a great cat! It looks like one I had 15 years ago <3 Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 20:08 Konservenknilch says: I won’t even bother to read the article. There’s a cat, so I’ll buy it. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 20:19 Kingseeker Camargo says: I kept reading to find out more about the cat, but the man would just ramble on and on about computers. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 20:28 Doomlord says: The SSD is WAY too small. You’ll have room for that bloated pig of an OS called Windows, and maybe a few applications or small games. Certainly, you won’t have room for any bigger AAA-style games. And 8 gig of RAM just simply doesn’t cut it these days. You’ll find games like Battlefield 1 won’t run reliably. If those two things were better, this would be a good deal. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:04 Bforceny says: Doom, the SSD size and the RAM are more than appropriate for a cat this size. I can run Battlefield 1 on a 4 year old Tabby cat on High, but Tabbies are limited to 1080P as far as resolution – On a Bombay cat like the one in the picture, you can do 4K no problem…even with only 8 gig. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:06 Daymare says: Is there an extra slot for another SSD? How hard is it to switch/add RAM with this model? The last 2 laptops I bought (MSI and ASUS) I could just add both, not harder than installing some hardware on a PC. Depending on the model, you might lose your warranty, though. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:58 ColonelFlanders says: I agree with this 100%. It’s the one real kicker for this laptop, you shouldn’t be allowed to call something a gaming machine when you only have room for one game on it. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 17:35 fish99 says: It also has a 1TB mechanical, which presumably you could replace with another SSD if you wanted. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 20:33 Merry says: I’m sorry. I was weak. I bought one. I shall probably not move from my bed for the next month. For similarly weak-willed people, note that you must register on the HP UK Store before you go to checkout. You’re assured that, even without an account, you will have a chance to register after you’ve completed the transaction, but there will be no opportunity to enter the discount code if you do it that way. £150 is a lot to lose due to an oversight. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 22:50 ramirezfm says: How is the first impression? I want to upgrade my old Alienware 15 to something new. Was aiming for the new Alienware 15 R3 but missed the sale on the previous model with weaker cpu and now the same model just with kaby lake is 500 euro more expensive :/ Maybe Omen would be ok despite being 17″… The price seems to be nice. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:34 zulnam says: Are you high? The cheapest Omen-17 on Amazon (UK) is 999 pounds. HOW is that a bargain?! I did a full PC upgrade for slightly less than that. I7-6600k, 32gb RAM, RX 480+, 256 SSD, 2 TB HDD. Even that can’t be considered a bargain and it’s better than your advertisement product. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:50 Drib says: Oh, you built a custom laptop with all that, did you? Or did you miss that he’s talking specifically about laptops? Or that he says in the article that he doesn’t like using ‘bargain’ when it’s so expensive? Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:52 ColonelFlanders says: “As close as a gaming laptop gets to a bargain” =/= “a bargain”. He lists the good, he lists the bad. It’s up to you to buy it, but if you’re on the fence I suggest first actually reading the article. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 22:23 Sakkura says: He may still have slightly exaggerated how close this is to a bargain. Wouldn’t be surprising since it was by comparison to Alienware, which is often horrifically overpriced. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 22:43 ramirezfm says: For a gaming laptop with 1070 anything below 2k euro is a bargain. A bargain =/= a bargain though, if you know what I mean. Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 21:52 JOJOFACE says: does your PC fit in a backpack? Log in to Reply 17/05/2017 at 22:26 Sakkura says: You could do that with an mITX system. Still doesn’t give you the same capabilities as a laptop does, of course. But then again, I think people tend to overestimate how much they’ll actually exploit those capabilities, gaming-wise. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 09:29 LexW1 says: I don’t think people really do. I don’t and never have owned a gaming laptop, but I have friends who do, and it’s very clear that having a powerful PC they can just bring to places, put down, and start playing modern PC games is the main “capability” that they are exploiting. If you’ve got the money and you don’t have a lot of space and/or are on the move a lot, a gaming laptop is pretty great. Even the price differential to normal PC isn’t as extreme as initially appears, when one considers that there is a 4K monitor involved as well. Though obviously it is still pretty severe (you could probably build a home PC with similar specs and a decent-sized 4k monitor for about 60-70% of the price). Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 13:09 MajorLag says: I dunno, most of the people I see with gaming laptops use them in the same place pretty much all the time. It strikes me as the same kind of rationalization that leads people to buy a brand new $40k truck they commute to work with 99% of the time. 18/05/2017 at 22:44 Someoldguy says: Guilty as charged, but that place happens to be the dining table, so it gets picked up and stowed every evening when we eat. There’s simply no space for us to have two desktop machines in the flat and competition for just one machine would be too fierce. The 1-2% of the time when we go on holiday or visiting relatives it’s pretty handy too! 17/05/2017 at 22:47 ramirezfm says: So you’re comparing a desktop pc upgrade, with an inferior graphics card to a gaming laptop with a superior graphics. My Mazda 3 is way cheaper than that Lotus Evora! Stoopid! Read the article before commenting maybe? Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 00:04 CaptainKoloth says: Alec: A few weeks ago I was in precisely the same boat as you looking for exactly the same things in the laptop. And I found THE laptop. May I humbly suggest the Asus ROG Strix GL502VS-WS71, which is at moment on sale (at least here in the US) for $1399, which gets you: GTX 1070 8G i7-7700HQ 16 GB DDR4 RAM Gorgeous 15.6″ 1080p IPS display with G-sync 256 GB SSD + 1 TB HDD Light for power at 5.2 lbs Only real downside is lack of Thunderbolt-C. But try this laptop- I think it will hit the spot for you exactly as it did for me. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 01:07 Shuck says: Huh, I was pricing the parts for a desktop machine with almost exactly the same specs – and somehow the laptop is cheaper, at least from some vendors. Substantially so. I have no idea how that works. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 06:36 Daymare says: What store did you find it at that price? Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 23:51 Shuck says: MicroCenter has it at that price, but it looks like it’s for in-store pickup only: link to microcenter.com Log in to Reply 20/05/2017 at 14:01 Daymare says: Ah, thanks. Sadly, in Europe the same lappy is cheapest at 1888 €. I’d have bought it for 1400 $ though … Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 07:22 agentd says: Bought my wife an Asia laptop last year and have been really impressed, had previously bought only MSI or customs built ones but will definitely be considering a ROG for my next purchase Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 07:23 agentd says: *ASUS, not Asia Log in to Reply 19/05/2017 at 10:34 Kerans says: After the kind of research session which involved about 50 Chrome tabs opened at once, I came to the same conclusion that the Asus ROG GL502VS-WS71 offered the best sides of the inevitable trade-offs that you seem to have to make when buying a gaming laptop. For my usage, which involves running games at high/ultra detail and connecting to an external 1440p monitor, it seemed perfect. It doesn’t have Thunderbolt for an external graphics card, but that seemed to me to be a major extra pain in the arse, to carry around an expensive enclosure and its own PSU. Seemed much better to get a 1070 built in than having some kind of weird upgrade path that would tie it to a desk. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 00:56 Curundir says: There’s an IPS panel in there so you get good colours and viewing angles. Really now? Well I would like to know how good the colours are. And while I’m at it, I’d also like to know how strong the case is? Does the screen wobble while typing? How much heat and noise does it generate idle and under load? Can it easily be opened for maintenance and upgrades? If you ask me, all these things (and many more) belong in a proper hardware review. As it is, I think you’ve merely written a shallow and not very scientific “Wot I think”. Honestly, I couldn’t care less that you wouldn’t dare show this in a coffee shop. I’m sure that some other laptop gamer would be proud to show it at his or her coffee shop. I really don’t understand where RPS is going with these cursory hardware articles. With so many well-researched, well-informed, expertly tested and well-written hardware reviews out there, they can’t really think to compete, do they? Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 09:10 Landiss says: Well, yeah, RPS is not a hardware review site. But, apparently, there is demand. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 09:54 The Almighty Moo says: These reviews might contain the information you want. link to cnet.com link to techradar.com Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 15:36 The Almighty Moo says: Or you could apply to be the new hardware editor in this very Parish link to jobs.gamesindustry.biz Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 07:21 xvre says: All nice and well regarding specs and price, but how does it perform under heavy load? And I mean in terms of generated heat and noise levels. That’s super important, if we’re talking gaming laptops. You can have a really fast one, but if you can’t hold the hands on the keyboard due to the heat, it’s no good (I’ve had this happen with an old Dell XPS). Maybe an infrared picture of the thing, while it’s running Battlefield 1 or Witcher 3. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 08:45 telpscorei says: Can anyone who has one confirm it doesn’t suffer from the HP Keylogger issue? It’s to do with a device driver by Conexant- full details here: link to arstechnica.co.uk Easiest way to check is to look for this file – C:\Users\Public\MicTray.log – if it does have it, you’re a little bit screweeeeeed. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 09:10 Philopoemen says: I reeeeaalllly want to see how it stacks up to an ORIGIN-PC Eon17-X …true they be custom…but basically waiting for tax return to drop a substantial sum on one of those badboys unless I somehow get talked out of it. Here’s to no children! Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 12:25 Barts says: Who cares about laptop, there’s a kitty! Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 13:24 4004 says: If only it wasn’t that big. It’s 2017, we have pascal cards and years of hardware design history, why is it so bloody hard to develop a good-looking portable machine with a good GPU? Shopping for a decent laptop is a pain Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 15:05 kud13 says: once my trusty 7-year old 19-inch Toshiba Satellite finally draws it’s last breath, I’ll be looking for a new laptop. I appreciate this series for giving me a heads up on what’s out there. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 17:09 geldonyetich says: For storage on a lappy that is blazing fast, I went with one that could support some M.2 chips running in RAID0. I’m banking that chips aren’t as prone to failure like magnetic platters are, and a couple of 512GB are all you’re likely to need. At that size, those chips won’t break the bank, but they’re still expensive enough that it’s not an inconsequential purchase. But bringing up Windows 10 from a cold start in about 5 seconds is nice. So the question there is whether or not your lappy actually has the ability to support M.2s in RAID0. That, and a G-Sync display, will cut down the aperture of laptops worth getting considerably. Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 23:31 HumpX says: Please explain to me why similarly powered laptops and PC desktops have such a price disparity? Log in to Reply 18/05/2017 at 23:43 Nauallis says: Find me a customizable laptop shell. That’s part of your answer. Log in to Reply 19/05/2017 at 02:01 desolation0 says: It requires some amount of custom engineering to fit everything into the shell properly, vent the heat, and not have the product end up with terrible compromises. There’s no such thing as buying the part you need and slotting it in and having it just work in the laptop world, besides the storage and memory. Then there’s just the cost of making things that are high powered, small, and efficient. The engineering makes it hard to get all three without raising the price further. Log in to Reply 19/05/2017 at 02:26 HumpX says: I see, thanks guys. Log in to Reply 21/05/2017 at 02:26 that_guy_strife says: Okay, I have two questions. One, why is Alienware still refered to as a comparison point ? They are massively overpriced for no reason – multiple other companies have the same configurations for way less. Two, why does the weight matter so much ? A day out on the town is a far cry from a 4 day hike, where every gram is accounted for. I’ve never had a problem lugging around a 15” gaming laptop with its brick during my 7 years of college / university. If an extra pound or two hurt you so much, maybe you need to shape up. Log in to Reply 21/05/2017 at 05:13 Raoul Duke says: Hopefully you are edging closer and closer to the perfect gaming laptop, the MSI GS73VR… Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags feature, Hardware, HP, HP Omen, laptopquest, review. Search for clues News and things Mad Catz files for bankruptcy Nine lives run out eventually Nvidia’s new $700 1080 Ti in theory beats $1200 Titan X 35% faster than a 1080 ZeniMax seek injunction shutting down Oculus SDK Oh gosh! “We’re building 3 full VR games, not experiments”- Valve Believes huge tech improvements incoming And much more… Tim Schafer tells the story of Amnesia Fortnight Ideas generation Don't let this golden age of games end The casualties of being spoilt for choice Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber particlese : “Hmmm, maybe I'll sign up after all, then. I'm not much of a newsletter guy, ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? particlese : “True! True. Hmmm... *stubble stroking commences*” on Games need more flying, but not actual flying Don Reba : “I moved countries several times, so I have learned not to get attached to things ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? Vacuity729 : “If you enjoy the combat from The Last Federation, have you tried Starward Rogue? It's ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? Vacuity729 : “I've owned it for ages, and known about it being a well-regarded 4X title for ...” on What are we all playing this weekend? Why do we spend time playing games we don't like? Looking at the data behind bad games Have You Played... American Truck Simulator? Escape plan The Flare Path: What are they all playing this weekend? WELL? How To Get Old Skyrim Saves Working In The Skyrim Special Edition How to fix Skyrim SE save crashes At The Gates is a 4X game that learns from RimWorld and Spelunky Make it different every time Wot I Think: The Edgelands Teetering The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. Have You Played... Adventures Of Shuggy? Completely batty Requiem for an old PC Retired after seven years The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island Review: HP's Omen 17 is as close as gaming laptops get to a bargain 1070 GPU and IPS screen for a fair price Wot I Think: Brute N++ with a spaceship The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Have You Played... Cargo Commander? An overlooked space platformer Surviving Mars brings hard science to colony-building Not a god-awful small affair How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 Premature Evaluation: Dead Cells Best celler Best Europa Universalis 4 mods From Fallout to Game of Thrones All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 1850 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.134% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Bonus coverage of Measure F inside Saturday May 20, 2017 at 5:39 PM The Daily Press has been swamped with letters to the editor regarding Measure F, the ballot measure on the Town of Apple Valley's attempt to take over Liberty Utilities' water system. Our usual letters to the editor, minus letters pertaining to Measure F, can be found inside on Page B4. However, you also will find a full page of letters for and against Measure F on Page B6. Also inside, on Page B5, you'll find op-ed commentaries on Measure F by attorney Diana Carloni and Apple Valley Town Councilman Larry Cusack. The Daily Press will continue to provide coverage and commentary on this important election, including Facebook Live video interviews and a Voter's Guide, leading up to the June 6 election. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s ConnectED efforts reach more than 32,000 students As the 2016-2017 school year kicks off, there are now 32,145 students at underserved public schools across the country who are learning, creating and exploring on iPad through Apple’s ConnectED commitment. Today, 701 students in Indianola, Mississippi, were introduced to iPad as Carver Elementary School became the 66th ConnectED school — and the first of the school year — to transform its classrooms with Apple’s cutting edge teaching and learning technology solutions. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates diversity with “The Human Family” Next PostNext Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman iPhone at ten: the revolution continues “It is amazing that from the very first iPhone through to today’s newest iPhone 7 Plus, it has remained the gold standard by which all other smartphones are judged. For many of us, iPhone has become the most essential device in our lives and we love it,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “iPhone is how we make voice and FaceTime calls, how we shoot and share Live Photos and 4K videos, how we listen to streaming music, how we use social media, how we play games, how we get directions and find new places, how we pay for things, how we surf the web, do email, manage our contacts and calendars, how we listen to podcasts, watch TV, movies and sports, and how we manage our fitness and health. iPhone has become all of these things and more. And I believe we are just getting started.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious App Store shatters records on New Year’s Day Next PostNext GarageBand and Logic Pro X music apps get major updates Search Recent Posts News Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 658 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION MAY 22 – Road will be closed for three months; motorists advised to use alternate routes RT. 658 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION MAY 22 Road will be closed for three months; motorists advised to use alternate routes CULPEPER — The Virginia Department of Transportation will close the Route 658 (Old Apple Grove Road) bridge over Turners Creek in Louisa County for rehabilitation. The bridge, located 0.7 mile from Route 648 (Jackson Road), will be closed beginning May 22. Weather permitting, the road is expected to reopen to traffic Aug. 18. Motorists are advised to use alternate routes during the closure. The existing bridge was built in 1955 and has a posted weight restriction of 12 tons. Once construction is complete, the timber-deck bridge will be rated for all legal loads. The bridge carries approximately 60 vehicles daily, according to a 2016 traffic count. Message boards are in place to notify the public of the closure. For more information about VDOT’s structure and bridge program, including current conditions of the state’s bridges, FAQs and video of a bridge inspection, visit www.virginiadot.org/info/Bridge.asp. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ROUTE 610 AND ONVILLE ROAD INTERSECTION IMPROVEMENT NOW OPEN IN STAFFORD COUNTY – Project built additional turn lanes and pedestrian crossings Next PostNext NEW FACILITATOR AT HYDRAULIC PANEL MEETING THURSDAY – Craig Eddy replaces Philip Shucet as facilitator for Route 29 Solutions advisory panels Search Recent Posts Results from the 2017 Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees elections Results from the 2017 Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees elections CardEasy keypad payment by phone DTMF payment solution now rated Avaya Compliant News Hey Siri, send John $10 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Spray! Wipe! Done! Whoosh!: The easiest, quickest way to clean your gadget screens By Mikah Sargent Saturday, May 20, 2017 at 3:00 pm EDT 2 Comments Mikah Sargent is Senior Editor at Mobile Nations. When he's not bothering his chihuahuas, Mikah spends entirely too much time and money on HomeKit products. You can follow him on Twitter at @mikahsargent if you're so inclined. Your gadget screens (especially your phone) are covered in bacteria. Whoosh! is one way to easily keep 'em clean. Let me get this out of the way up front: This is not an advertisement for Whoosh! I (Mikah Sargent, Senior Editor at iMore) genuinely love this stuff and have used it religiously on my tech for a couple years now. I'm going to tell you why I think Whoosh! is so wonderful and you can decide at the end if it's right for you. If it's not right for you, cool. If it is, welcome to the Whoosh! club! OK, let's get to it. No, really, your phone is dirtier than a toilet seat You may have heard that bit of trivia about how your phone is dirtier than a public toilet seat and thought, "That can't possibly be true!" Well, I'm here to tell you it is. According to a study conducted way back in 2007 (hmm, I bet we use our phones even more in 2017 than we did in 2007), our phones have more bacteria on them than the average toilet seat. Mobile phone retailer Dial-a-Phone conducted the study taking swabs from everyday objects and analyzing the bacteria found on them. The shocking results found that there's more muck on our mobiles than the average door handle, keyboard, and bottom of a shoe or even a toilet seat. If you're anything like me, you take your phone with you everywhere you go … and I do mean everywhere. As you go about your day, you expose your device to all kinds of bacteria. You may wash your hands regularly, but unless you're washing your devices regularly, you're just getting your hands dirty every time you tap your screen. We do a pretty good job ignoring the literal germ factory atop our multitouch screens, but there's another, less hidden screen ailment: fingerprints. Ever find yourself in just the right light that your fingerprint smudges are literally obstructing the view of your screen? It's not only annoying and inconvenient; it's disgusting because it reminds us just how dirty our phones are. Despite the oleophobic (resistant to oils) coating on our devices, fingerprints and smudges still seem to find their way onto our screens. Good thing is, you can keep fingerprints, smudges, and germs off your device with just a little care. Why I use Whoosh! Screen Shine Apple has some recommendations for keeping your Apple devices clean, but they aren't very detailed and I find they suggest a little too light a touch. If you want to remove fingerprints, smudges, and germs, you're gonna need a little elbow grease. The Whoosh! Screen Shine kit I buy comes in a little resealable pouch. It contains a 1oz spray bottle full of the Screen Shine solution and Whoosh!'s antimicrobial microfiber cloth. Yep, that's right, the cloth is antimicrobial. That means you needn't worry about the germs you're cleaning off your phone getting stuck to the cloth and reapplied during your next cleaning. Pretty smart! Now, you might have thought at some, "I don't need a special cleaner! I just use hand sanitizer to clean off my phone screen." I've seen a lot of people clean their device screens with hand sanitizer. DO NOT DO THAT. Hand sanitizer contains alcohol and alcohol will damage the coating on your device's screen. You need a cleaner free of abrasive cleaners and alcohol. Whoosh!'s Screen Shine formula isn't just alcohol- and abrasive-free — it's also non-toxic, eco-friendly, and helps your screen resist fingerprints. Yeah, about that last part? The Screen Shine formula has a special oleophobic, anti-static coating ingredient that coats your screen as you clean. That means every time you clean your screen you're strengthening its anti-fingerprint coating. Note: If you're wondering whether you can see or feel the coating that gets added, in my multiple years using the stuff, I've never noticed any unpleasant build-up on my screen. Using Whoosh! If you decide to buy some Whoosh! Screen Shine for your gadgets, you should know it works a little differently than you might think (or at least it wasn't what I expected). Instead of spraying Whoosh! Screen Shine onto your device's screen and wiping it away with the cloth, you're actually going to spray the stuff onto the cloth and then wipe your screen with it. After the screen has gotten a nice coating of the solution, you'll take a dry section of the cloth and polish it up. Let me tell ya, folks, your screens will shine if you do it right. The only problem is you'll probably get used to having a fingerprint-free device and obsess over cleaning it regularly … or maybe that's just me. 😂 See at Amazon Thoughts? Have you used Whoosh! Screen Shine? Do you prefer another screen cleaner? Are you just resigned to fingerprints and germs on your devices? Let me know in the comments or send a tweet my way over on Twitter! Reader comments Whoosh!: The easiest, quickest way to clean your gadget screens 2 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Michelle Haag We use Whoosh and it's awesome! 0 8 hours ago Reply Wheezle "Let me get this out of the way up front: This is not an advertisement for Whoosh!" I mean... isn't it? You might not be getting paid for it but if it looks like a duck... 0 1 sec ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
  Home     U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest headlines World News You mag Event Books Mail Shop Bingo Property Horoscopes Blogs Motoring My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I’m often asked why I haven’t slapped Piers,' said Lord Sugar. 'Truth is, I hate queuing' By Piers Morgan Event for The Mail on Sunday Published: 17:12 EDT, 20 May 2017 | Updated: 17:12 EDT, 20 May 2017 e-mail 1 View comments SATURDAY, MAY 6 ‘While seeking revenge,’ observed American religious academic Douglas Horton, ‘dig two graves – one for yourself.’ Two years ago, Lord Sugar spoke at my 50th birthday party and ripped me to pieces with gems like: ‘Piers must have some talent because he’s too ugly to have slept his way to the top.’ So I was thrilled when he asked me to speak tonight at his top-secret 70th birthday bash at the new Four Seasons hotel opposite Tower Bridge. As for what you buy the man who can afford everything, the answer in my case was an antique Belgian white-bearded gnome pointing his finger as if he was shouting ‘YOU’RE FIRED!’ ‘I want to see your speech,’ he demanded a few days ago. I emailed it to him. It read: ‘Alan’s the nicest, kindest, most gentle and caring human being who’s ever existed on Planet Earth; a great businessman, philanthropist and humanitarian, and a man renowned for his shy, retiring modesty. He’s loving to animals and children, and the kind of guy who listens to criticism and often admits he’s wrong rather than cause any kind of confrontation. Alan makes Mother Teresa look like a Hells Angel and it is our privilege and honour just to bask in the glory of his existence.’ ‘Is this a joke?’ he responded, clinging to 0.00001% hope I may actually mean any of that guff. ‘Yes,’ I replied. ‘You’ll get the real one on Saturday.’ There were 70 guests, one for each year of his life. I sat with his Apprentice slaves past and present, Karren Brady, Claude Littner and Nick Hewer, and we enjoyed a splendid feast before the speeches began with his grandchildren reciting a very funny rhyming tribute. Then it was my turn. ‘Alan’s made a spectacular success of himself,’ I said. ‘If you don’t believe me, just ask him and he’ll tell you.’ The room chortled with knowing laughter. ‘He built a £1.2 billion computer company called Amstrad. Unfortunately, there was another beardy-weirdy computer geek with anger management issues called Steve Jobs who also created a tech firm beginning with the letter A. ‘Alan didn’t entirely recognise the magnitude of the threat. In 2005, he confidently predicted: ‘Next Christmas, the iPod will be dead, kaput.’ Apple has since sold 350 million iPods.’ RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Life on the Côte de Crime? It's murder! Riviera is Sky TV's... The A-list confessions of a B-movie starlet: Sixties... Share this article Share I turned to football: ‘Alan was a brilliant chairman of Spurs – if you’re an Arsenal fan. ‘In his nine-year reign, Tottenham never once finished in the top six.’ Then television: ‘After Alan fired me in a Comic Relief episode of The Apprentice, I went on the US celebrity version of the show and was chosen as winner by the now President of the United States. Thus proving Donald Trump is a better judge of business skills than Alan Sugar. ‘Alan repeatedly predicted Trump had zero chance of becoming President. “He will,” I insisted, “and when he does, I’m going to have you deported from your Florida home.” So start packing your bags, sunshine.’ Finally, his marriage. ‘The Sugars married in 1968, so next year’s their 50th anniversary,’ I said. ‘To put this into perspective, for my Killer Women series I interviewed a murderess who bludgeoned her entire family to death and only got 44 years.’ When Sugar spoke, the old growler went all romantic on us. ‘They say behind every great man is a woman,’ he said. ‘Now I know you’re waiting for the joke here but there isn’t one. It’s true in my case. My wonderful wife Ann looks after me like a baby and loves me to bits, and I love her also. I’ve been happily married for 49 years, though you’d have to ask her how long she’s been happily married. She’s also been the best partner I could ever hope for, though unlike the Apprentice ones she costs me considerably more than £250,000 a year.’ Of his childhood friends in the room, he said: ‘Our early life secrets are safe because none of us can remember them. We’re so old we confuse having a clear conscience with a bad memory.’ And about his extended Sugar clan, he chuckled: ‘The only thing I’ve learnt about family over the years is that whatever happens you can’t bloody fire them!’ His real target, though, was me. The zingers flew fast and furious for more than 15 very long minutes: l ‘I didn’t want a big showbiz event with loads of popular celebrities, so that’s why I invited Piers.’ l ‘He’s a brilliant investigative journalist. I know that because I deliberately gave him the wrong location and date for tonight but he got here anyway.’ l ‘Actually, Piers is a long-time pal but please keep that admission in this room. I’m the president of his fan club, and the secretary and treasurer. I have to be, I’m the only member.’ l ‘We first met when I used to give him scoops at the Mirror. Looking at his waistline, it looks as if he’s had a lot more scoops since – of ice cream. He recently criticised Kim Kardashian’s cellulite. Hmm. Unsightly blubber nobody wants to see on TV? Pot. Kettle.’ l ‘He’s been a big success on the ITV breakfast show, “Beauty And The Beast”. He has to work that early because he has to go back to his crypt when the Sun comes up.’ l ‘I’ve been frequently asked why I haven’t slapped Piers in the face. The truthful answer is, I hate queuing.’ Despite this onslaught, it was a fantastic party. As for what you buy the man who can afford everything, the answer in my case was an antique Belgian white-bearded gnome pointing his finger as if he was shouting ‘YOU’RE FIRED!’ Disappointingly, Sugar loved it.   Share or comment on this article e-mail Comments 1 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Meghan arrives just in time for Pippa's high-flying reception! Prince Harry's girlfriend joins guests at lavish finale to £700,000 wedding  Is this what made naughty George (and his little sis) cry? Video appears to show BOTH royal children stepping on Pippa's dress shortly before Kate told her son  So who'll be next? Harry, Eugenie or even Donna Air? James Middleton is seen giving his on-off girlfriend a hug as Royal watchers speculate on which couple will tie the knot first Pretty in peach! Duchess of Cambridge is careful not to upstage her younger sister Pippa as she opts for a pale pink ensemble for the bride's big day 12 amazing products that show why M&S has just been crowned Britain's best supermarket (and will make you VERY hungry!) SPONSORED Going... going... thong! Playful Bella Hadid displays entirety of her peachy derriere through lingerie-inspired bikini while launching herself into the ocean during fun-filled day in Cannes Is that you Pamela? Ms Anderson looks unrecognisable at Cannes Film Festival premiere of 120 Beats Per Minute with slicked hair and a sweeping blue evening dress Leggy Kendall Jenner steals the show in a spectacular billowing mini dress tailed with acres of material for 120 Beats Per Minute Cannes premiere You're not in Essex anymore! Jessica Wright shows off her trim figure in thigh-skimming black minidress as she dines out in Manchester Swimsuit clad Emma Thompson, 58, shows off her youthful figure and stretches on a pontoon as she takes a break from red carpet duty at Cannes Jessie Wallace throws back to the early Noughties in boho look complete with gypsy dress and slouch boots as she promotes EastEnders spin off Redwater in Dublin Star of the sea: Olga Kurylenko turns up the glamour in midnight blue gown as her crowd funded film Salty is launched at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Nothing you Cannes do about that! Jessica Chastain flashes her sideboob in plunging white gown as she attends Vanity Fair dinner at  the 70th annual Film Festival Just married: Pippa Middleton and her new husband James Matthews walk hand in hand as they leave the church after the (almost royal) wedding of the year Beaming best man Spencer Matthews arrives at brother James' wedding to Pippa Middleton in VERY baggy trousers... as 'banned' girlfriend Vogue Williams shares selfies from Dublin It's the EX factor! Prince William's university flame and TWO of Pippa's old boyfriends were invited to the society wedding of the year Behind the scenes look at Pippa's lavish bash: Happy couple 'played ping pong with Roger Federer' while guests sipped £75-a-bottle sparkling wine and ate £40,000 Russian caviar  Anything Cannes happen! Reality queen Kendall Jenner makes an unlikely pal in Hollywood royalty Clint Eastwood as she wows in TINY mini at star-studded Vanity Fair Dinner SPOILER ALERT: Max Branning fears his revenge plan could be uncovered as the Chairman turns up in Albert Square unexpectedly on EastEnders Elisabeth Moss puts a twist on Hollywood glamour as she sports edgy leather jacket over sweeping designer gown at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival premiere of The Square Adrien Brody looks concerned as girlfriend Lara Lieto appears to suffers a mild bout of seasickness while travelling by boat in Cannes 'I was mean?' David Walliams hits his golden buzzer for returning Britain's Got Talent singer Kyle Tomlinson... after previously telling him to get a 'singing teacher' Elizabeth Olsen channels understated chic in a demure black gown... as she steps out with her Wind River co-star Jeremy Renner at Cannes Film Festival Bang on style! Lily Collins debuts her edgy new fringe while parading her pins in a netted semi-sheer dress for Vanity Fair and HBO dinner in Cannes Too much information? Justin Bieber shares FIVE bizarre photos of his pink-eye infected peeper with fans It seems like a classic case of TMI ABS-olutely stunning! Gemma Atkinson is a vision in black as she attends charity fundraiser... after revealing her VERY taut tummy with Instagram followers You're a long way from Walford! Former EastEnders star Michelle Collins touches down for Cannes Film Festival after hitting out at 'silver-spoon' actors GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Former Strictly star Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, is all over her 32-year-old toyboy as they smooch in Ibiza Happy with Flavio Nappi  Petra Nemcova effortlessly avoids a wardrobe walfunction in sophisticated blue evening dress at Cannes premiere of 120 Beats per Minute... after two near misses GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Even gorgeous Naomie Harris has to hitch and hike to get home after partying in Cannes She wowed the world's press on the red carpet Ice Storm! Tallia adds a touch of frosted glamour to the Cannes Film Festival in powder blue dress as she attends the star-studded premiere of 120 Beats Per Minute Father-son bonding! Owen Wilson and son Robert hauls Vespa through Malibu streets The Dallas native, 48, wore a blue-green cap, with his blonde locks Julianne Moore opts for pure drama in floor-sweeping sequins with flouncy feathered sleeves as she dazzles at Vanity Fair Cannes Dinner   Kristen Stewart teases a look at her taut abs as she steps out at Cannes Film Festival while channelling classic Chanel in a fun-loving tweed pinafore dress and glittering crop top Golden girl Eva Longoria dazzles in a chic nude gown with glimmering panels as she ups the glam at Vanity Fair Cannes bash  Looking stunning at 42 Puckered up! Paris Hilton and boyfriend Chris Zylka put on a giant PDA as they land in Cannes The 36-year-old and her beau went French Bestselling author who sparked a race row for saying Idris Elba is 'too street' for Bond says he was 'warned off' creating a black hero for a book because it would be 'inappropriate'  That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss commands attention in thigh-skimming black evening gown as she leads the glamour at The Square premiere in Cannes Busty Pamela Anderson teases her famous cleavage in checkered dress at Cannes...after rejoicing over Julian Assange's dropped rape charge Age-defying Helena Christensen, 48, wows in chic plunging midi-dress as she enjoys day out with trendy teen son Mingus Reedus in New York Tickled (in) pink! Braless Elizabeth Olsen shows off eye-popping assets in deeply plunging candyfloss-colour gown... as she giggles away at The Square Cannes premiere 'Me at 15 when I discovered push up bras': Paris Hilton shares flashback snap of herself wearing gravity-defying underwear  Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams are pretty in patterned dresses as they form Destiny's Child reunion at Beyonce's baby shower 'Poldark saved me from a lifetime of serving cappuccinos': BBC show's new star reveals she landed the role on way to try for another job - in a coffee shop  'You might get a sneak peek': Jessica Simpson hints at 'new music' with cute flashback photo of herself with Ashlee and mom Tina Her last original album was released in 2008 Girls' day! Jessica Alba is casual chic in shades and patterned top as she bonds with daughters Honor and Haven in Beverly Hills She looked relaxed PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jennifer Lopez cuddles up with boyfriend A-Rod on the chilly NY set of Shades Of Blue It was a cold night on the set of Shades Of Blue Love Island's Kady McDermott dazzles while posing with 'twin' Emma McVey as the lookalike beauties sport near-identical gowns at charity bash In the pink! Blac Chyna sports colorful wig and flaunts plenty of cleavage as she suits up for pal Nicole Williams' wedding Pink to make the boys wink! Style icon Elle Fanning looks sensational in a photoshoot on the Martinez Beach in Cannes  Pink silk robe Nicola McLean cuts a glamorous figure pitch side in a funky two-piece ahead of charity match... as she steals tips from her footballer beau Tom Williams Tallia Storm amps up the sex appeal as she flaunts her toned legs in plunging black lace mini-dress while continuing stylish Cannes display Oozed sex appeal Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde shows a hint of bump in an off the shoulder blouse as she shops for baby products alone following shock split from Nathan Massey  He never goes out of Styles! Harry continues to display his quirky fashion sense in flared gold trousers at intimate Hollywood gig after debut album hits number one in the UK chart Better late than never! Lottie Moss cuts a casual figure in varsity jacket and skinny jeans as she arrives in Nice for the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival 'I worry the world will forget how to make love:' Model-turned-activist Pamela Anderson declares herself an 'anti-feminist' and says 'men and women have different roles to play' Love Island's Katie Salmon turns heads in a VERY revealing high cut snakeskin swimsuit as she joins underboob baring Ex On The Beach star Zaralena Jackson for beach party in Ibiza Hopping along! Trendy Katie Price cradles sweet daughter Bunny who she fittingly dresses in a rabbit outfit while arriving in Dublin Quality time 'You've not seen the darkest part yet': Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon warns Bethany Platt grooming storyline gets worse... after viewers were shocked by disturbing threesome scenes A Tyga never loses its stripes! Rapper plays with pet lion cub during Dubai trip... three years after HIS illegal pet tiger was removed from his home Their royal cuteness! Prince George and Princess Charlotte are given a starring role by Auntie Pippa... before tearful George gets a small scolding from mum Kate  Hoping to catch the bouquet? Princess Eugenie and boyfriend Jack Brooksbank look loved-up as they attend Pippa Middleton's wedding (but Beatrice is nowhere to be seen) Game, set and match! Tennis ace Roger Federer tops off Pippa's star-studded guest list as he joins his glamorous wife Mirka for wedding of the year Beaming mother of the bride Carole Middleton is bursting with pride as she arrives at the church in PINK for her daughter Pippa's wedding The day a small Berkshire village turned into a catwalk show: Stylish guests including Donna Air and Roger Federer descend on Englefield estate for Pippa's nuptials Will she be next to walk up the aisle? Donna Air wears WHITE as James Middleton's plus-one (but the on-off pair arrive for Pippa's wedding separately) Pippa picks Kendall Jenner's favourite designer Giles Deacon for her show-stopping wedding dress (and it bears striking similarities to Kate's bridal gown) Naomi Campbell flaunts her enviably lean legs in super-skinny jeans as she promotes her Fashion For Relief charity at Cannes Film Festival Whirled of dance! Jenna Dewan Tatum looks cute in sunhat and knit duster on windy mommy-daughter day with Everly in Santa Monica 'The most pain I've ever experienced': Lena Dunham cancels Lenny IRL tour as she reveals endometriosis has returned The star is in pain Man of style! Tom Cruise smartens up in sharp jacket and trousers as he promotes upcoming movie The Mummy with co-stars Lowe-key look! Daisy dresses down as she steps out for a stroll with pet dog Monty after glamorous appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Monochrome magic! Models Coco Rocha and Petra Nemcova show off their statuesque physiques in stylish dresses as they step out in Cannes Bella in Brooklyn! Thorne dons skintight checked trousers to Beautycon Festival NYC 2017 where her sister Dani takes DJ duty Having a ball Pregnant Chanelle Hayes showcases her blossoming bump as she puts on an endearing display of affection with beau Ryan Oates . Elizabeth Olsen exhibits her enviably toned legs in glittering mini-dress as she attends Wind River photocall at Cannes with dapper co-star Jeremy Renner Bollywood legend Aishwarya Rai, 43, is a vision as she flaunts her toned legs in soaring split gothic dress for stunning Cannes photoshoot Looked a vision Wild Horses couldn't keep him away! 'Wonderful dad' Mick Jagger drops in on son's 18th birthday party in Brazil Time IS on his side The Umanator! Arnold Schwarzenegger poses with Thurman after announcing he'll be in upcoming Terminator film Making some extra cash? Rebel Wilson films an advert for Virgin airlines while in Australia... after saying she missed work opportunities to give evidence at Bauer Media trial Lottie Moss rocks an embroidered leather jacket for a night out at London hotspot Bodos Schloss... After revealing her body insecurities in a candid bikini post Melania and Ivanka forgo head scarves in Saudi Arabia two years after Donald Trump slammed Michelle Obama for 'insulting' the Islamic country when she decided not to cover her head Specs appeal! Ashley Benson catches the eye in mirrored shades and a chic mustard coat as she arrives in Cannes Superstar looks GMB's pregnant weather girl Laura Tobin cradles her ump as she goes baby shopping... after making Susanna Reid cry by revealing her pregnancy live on air Victoria's Secret model Sara Sampaio dazzles in a show-stopping backless jumpsuit embellished with beads as she graces the red carpet for the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Orlando Bloom shows off comedy chops as goofy European cyclist in teaser for HBO's Tour De Pharmacy with Andy Samberg Elisabeth Moss brings a splash of summer to the Cannes Film Festival in flowery white A-line dress as she promotes new flick The Square Fancy in florals Cheryl legally reverts back to TWEEDY as beau Liam Payne confirms she's ditched marital monikers... yet will continue using first name professionally GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Simon Cowell takes his three-year-old son to Meghan Markle's favourite supermarket Whole Foods in Kensington, London Uma Thurman, 47, shows off killer good looks in fitted co-ord as she joins Cannes Festival juror Will Smith at Cinema Professionals Dinner Fatboy Slim cuts a gaunt figure as he steps out in Brighton... eight months after splitting from ex-wife Zoe Ball He and wife Zoe Ball announced their split in September  Watch this space (age)! Braless Kendall Jenner opts for futuristic glamour with suggestive corseted gown and dripping jewels at galactic Chopard bash in Cannes She's a Goal Digger! Ashley James makes a funky statement in logo top and baggy roll-up jeans as she heads out in London Turning heads Hot mama! Amanda Seyfried shows off killer post-baby bod as she attends Twin Peaks premiere...just two months after welcoming first child Night out Bra-vo! Gigi Hadid sizzles as she shows off cleavage in sheer black top during outing with beau Zayn Malik New York outing It's Saturday! Alec Baldwin teaches daughter Carmen his famous Donald Trump impression ahead of SNL season finale PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Penelope Cruz shows off her toned figure in black swimsuit on a break from filming Versace biopic Taking the plunge! Katy Perry puts ample cleavage on display in sparkling black jumpsuit as she steps out in NY Eye-catching Frankie Bridge and husband Wayne pack on the PDA during couple's workout... as they emulate MIC's fitness enthusiasts Louise Thompson and her beau Ryan Libbey Make-up free Louisa Johnson shuns her typical X Factor glamour for low-key tracksuit as she leaves LA hotel Casual look Dazzling duo! Jennifer Hawkins poses with fellow model Kris Smith as the two enjoy a 'wonderful night for a great cause' at Myer charity Ball Spot the difference: Kym Marsh squeals with delight as she's presented with IDENTICAL life-size Madame Tussauds' wax figure Conrad Hilton is released from jail after his parents post $90,000 bail and ask that he be sent to a psychiatric hospital upon his release Storm-ing the red carpet! Tallia flaunts her toned legs in semi-sheer lace applique dress as she puts on a stylish display at Chopard Cannes bash By her side! Ellen DeGeneres keeps it casual in plaid as she goes for stroll with stylish wife Portia De Rossi Time off Stunning Sara Sampaio oozes Gothic glamour as she showcases her curves under racy semi-sheer lace gown at the Chopard afterparty in Cannes GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Jeweller to the stars seeks silver lining after his business slips into administration Theo Fennell is an Old Etonian  'They have spoken on the phone': Pregnant Ferne McCann is 'BACK in contact with ex Arthur Collins following his charge for acid attack' Bombshell in black! Gwyneth Paltrow hits fashion high note in slinky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Goop event Off the shoulder The secret to Pippa's youthful glow: Bride followed Kate's example by ditching heavy make-up ahead of her wedding and took YEARS off her face If you've got it! Christina Milian shows off perfectly toned abs as she sunbathes in sporty black bikini   Teasing video Expecting the best! Glowing Nikki Reed masks baby bump with flowy dress while out with husband Ian Somerhalder Jemima Khan stuns in a little red dress at The 9th Annual Filmmakers Dinner in Cannes All smiles Police paperwork highlights the ultra-strict security at Pippa's wedding rehearsal as measures are beefed up with steel fencing, sniffer dogs and CCTV  Pippa's copy Kate wedding: There's a fly-past, the bride has TWO dresses and there's even talk of a balcony kiss. No danger of THIS little sister settling for second best! Adrien Brody looks casual while stunning girlfriend Lara Lieto flashes her abs in tiny crop top as they arrive by boat to Cannes hotel Super chilled PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Prepping for her Prince! Dressed down Meghan Markle drops into a spa just hours before joining Harry at Pippa Middleton's wedding Braless Elizabeth Olsen leaves little to the imagination in a glamorous sheer gown at Cannes Film Festival dinner Centre stage Oh no she Ha-didn't! Bella wows at Cannes yet again as she steps out in a backless silver dress with a daring split for Chopard's space-themed bash Belle of the ball! Rihanna flashes her toned pins in Victorian-inspired gown while hosting Chopard Party in Cannes Pretty in pink! Kris Jenner hints at her cleavage in lace while going out to dinner with her dashing younger boyfriend Corey Gamble Lady in lace 'I tried to get through to Paris but her mother told me to eff off': Why the Oliver! child star who claims he's the biological father of Michael Jackson's daughter is banned from seeing her  Cannes juror Jessica Chastain looks sartorially savvy as she shows off her toned legs in high-waisted shorts and flowing white blouse at film festival 'In the Heights': A-Rod visits JLo on Brooklyn location set of Shades Of Blue as their red hot romance heats up Shooting cop drama 'You'd need to be dead if you didn't think she was stunning!' Baby-faced teenager Cheryl looks unrecognisable in 15-year-old clip of debut TV appearance on Popstars: The Rivals 'In my old hood Melbourne': Rebel Wilson revisits her Australian stomping ground after appearing at Supreme Court ahead of defamation trial against Woman's Day magazine Woman of the hour Eva Longoria steals the show in striking white ruffled gown as she hosts THIRD Global Gift Gala of the week at the Cannes Film Festival Winnie Harlow flaunts her sensationally leggy figure in stunning red split ballgown as she steals the spotlight at Chopard bash in Cannes  Jeremy McConnell cosies up to Stephanie Davis and son Caben as they play happy families in wake of assault case... amid claims he is 'trying to win over her worried mum' Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a sartorially savvy display in a plunging glittering gown as she attends The 9th Annual Filmmakers Dinner in Cannes 'It is exciting to bring new faces into the mix': Call The Midwife loses three beloved characters as lovers Patsy and Delia and nun Mary Cynthia announce their departure from BBC series SPOILER ALERT: Britain's Got Talent hopeful TanBA hopes to impress the judges with his magician act by EATING balloons and SWALLOWING razor blades Back to the Beach! Baywatch hunk Zac Efron and co-star Alexandria Daddario arrive at Sydney's Bondi for a fan meet-and-greet after denying romance rumours Mini-me! Matching Beyonce and daughter Blue Ivy goof about at the Museum Of Ice Cream with Jay-Z on Mother's Day A sheer delight! Sofia Vergara slips into colorful see-through maxi skirt and figure-hugging top for outing in Beverly Hills Flaunted svelte midriff At least Ore's all smiles after THAT picture: Oduba is seen arm in arm with his wife at Cannes days after being spotted with Strictly co-star Laura Whitmore in hotel lobby  Smitten Jamie Bell bestows his fiancée Kate Mara with flowers as they steal a kiss while heading out with his three-year-old son in Los Angeles A model sighting! Natasha Poly flaunts her flawless decolletage and enviable frame in strapless lace midi dress at Cannes Chopard bash Kim Zolciak and family join Chrissy Teigen at John Legend gig after THAT oral sex offer about daughter Brielle No sexual favours! Making a splash! New mom Irina Shayk leaves little to the imagination in yellow thong bikini as she swims in crystal clear water Windswept! Nicky Hilton flashes a very pert posterior as she falls victim to gust of wind during stroll with baby Lily Grace in Soho Felt that Friday feeling EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend smashed down the door to help him Feeling nostalgic? Mariah Carey posts sentimental flashback snap of her with ex Bryan Tanaka...more than a month after calling it quits Roxanne Pallett wastes no time in putting her enviable curves on display as she sports a chic peplum dress on her arrival to Cannes Make-up free Rosario Dawson puts on a sombre display in a dressing gown as she stops for coffee a week after 'finding cousin Vaneza, 26, dead in her LA home' A Storm is coming! Tallia flashes her cleavage in plunging white jumpsuit as she steps out in Cannes... after making a glamorous appearance at the Okja premiere Bookish charm: Singer Cody Simpson looks studious and stylish in edgy ensemble as he steps out in Hollywood with a pal 'He's great... and very different': Rylan Clark-Neal will fill in on This Morning with Holly Willoughby while Phillip Schofield jets off to Hollywood Newly single Kimberley Garner takes the red carpet by storm in sheer sparkling gown as she attends Eva Longoria's Global Gift Gala at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival  Bella Hadid smoulders in scarlet gown as Rihanna opts for bridal-chic in a dramatic ivory dress at the Cannes premiere of Okja... after the film caused RIOTS at first screening  'Reunited with bae': Unlikely friends Mel Greig and The Bachelor's Heather Maltman enjoy girls night out ... After royal prank DJ finalises her divorce 'Rascals'! Madonna shares sweet snap of twins Esther and Stella, 4, in matching sailor-inspired ensembles as they explore monastery in Lisbon Julianne Moore gives a saucy flash of her cleavage in plunging velvet gown as she makes radiant arrival at Chopard party in Cannes Lily Collins and Tilda Swinton ooze glamour as they defiantly take to the red carpet at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of Okja... after their new movie caused chaos during screening In the line of fire! Clint Eastwood signs autographs after being mobbed by fans dressed in KARATE uniforms while dining out in Antibes Fit and fantastic! Anne Hathaway shows off toned arms in a sleeveless tank top after hitting the gym Looked super toned in the sunshine 'Thank you for inspiring me': Lady Gaga posts heartfelt tribute to Grigio Girls pal Sonja Durham who died after battle with cancer He can't hide! Mickey Rourke shows off his chest ink as he wears camouflage ensemble for lunch in LA He wore a half-unzipped green hoodie  'Oh wow!' Holly Willoughby expresses her delight as a fresh-faced throwback snap from 17 YEARS ago resurfaces on Twitter Sassy at 70! Glenn Close and Sally Field show off their style as they lead the stars attending Drama League Awards in NYC Veteran Hollywood beauties Beaming Elle Fanning is caught off guard by a gust of wind as she slips into a nude pink floor-length frock for another outing at Cannes Film Festival Legs for days! Supermodel Eva Herzigova leads the glamour in thigh-skimming black evening dress at star-studded Cannes Film Festival dinner Tickled pink! Braless Tallia Storm ups the glamour in plunging embroidered gown as she joins the A-Listers at Cannes Film Festival premiere for Okja Sassy at 70! Glenn Close and Sally Field show off their style as they lead the stars attending Drama League Awards in NYC Thery looked amazing  'I ended the relationship recently': Kimberley Garner reveals she is newly single after breaking up with her long-term boyfriend after 'three wonderful years' Martine McCutcheon oozes body confidence in slinky black swimsuit as she enjoys a dip in the sea after unveiling slimmed down form Spinning around! Cannes Film Festival jury member Jessica Chastain twirls in a sweeping purple fringed dress at the premiere of controversial new Netflix drama Okja Adriana Lima is the picture of sophistication in an embellished cape dress as she arrives at Chopard party during Cannes Film Festival  Olga Kurylenko shows off svelte figure in chic jumpsuit with risque star cut-outs as she attends annual Filmmakers Dinner in Cannes Keeping it real! Makeup-free Lisa Rinna steps out in bandanna and furry slides for outing with daughter Amelia 'I didn't even know it existed': Hugh Jackman admits he didn't realise wolverine is a real animal and mistakenly researched WOLVES instead to prepare for iconic role 'Helping mama!': Geri Horner melts the hearts of her fans as she shares snap of cheeky baby son Monty applying her lip liner on Instagram  Trying to (East)Ender the habit? Rita Simons seeks smoking alternative with vape pen... yet STILL carries crafty pack of cigarettes during low-key coffee date Casual Gemma Arterton flashes a cheeky hint of leg in slashed midi paired with tough leather jacket and designer sandals at Cannes dinner A satin disaster, marabou madness, toilet brush holder chic and garish gold: Victorias Silvstedt, Bonya and Hervey lead the frock horrors at Okja Cannes premiere  The blonde Olympic champ who's got Sheridan Smith smiling again: She was at her lowest ebb a year ago but all's changed thanks to her personal trainer  Solange plays two sold-out shows of her new performance piece An Ode To at the Guggenheim in New York City 'I still can't bear to hear his voice on TV': Ronnie Corbett's widow gives an impossibly moving first interview 14 months after the British comedy legend died of motor neurone disease Sun's out, tum's out! Sofia Richie flashed her toned abs in a cropped gypsy top as she steps out for lunch Tom Hardy is set to star in Spider-Man spin-off Venom... as he wears T-shirt printed with character's face to make the announcement Julianne Moore looks typically chic in shimmering black dress with thigh-high split as she attends Okja premiere at Cannes Film Festival Sending temperatures soaring! Khloe Kardashian showcases gym-honed figure in nude top and skin-tight jeans as she steps out with Kourtney Those bedroom eyes! Topless Kylie Jenner tries out a pixie hairdo while lounging around in smoldering shoot  She's made a fortune from hawking her lip glosses. Molly Sims oozes glamour in sweeping off-shoulder ball gown as she attends Ojka premiere at Cannes Film Festival Lupita Nyong'o dresses for summer in '20s-inspired drop waist dress as she makes an appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Paris Jackson rocks boho chic in peasant blouse and baggy harem pants as she joins pals for dinner Ariel Winter sports waist-length braid and tiny denim cut-offs at private gym with boyfriend Levi Meaden Curl power! Jennifer Lopez rocks ringlets and NYPD uniform while filming Shades Of Blue Jennifer Lopez was hard at work in New York City on Friday So that's her secret! Megan Fox looks slender in KISS shirt as she leaves yoga session... nine months after welcoming third baby Journey Splurge session! Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are matching in black as they burn their Keeping Up With The Kardashians paychecks in Beverly Hills Preppy in a polo! Selma Blair shows off her equestrian skills as she trots off on her horse Dark in Los Angeles Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston sue neighbor who 'tried to intimidate them' over noisy renovations to their New York home Pregnant Serena Williams, 35, shows off her baby bump as she slips into her swimsuit while on a yacht in Florida as she's now 24 weeks along  'I can't live up to Johnny Depp!' Daniel MacPherson jokes about feeling insecure after wife Zoe Ventoura filmed scenes with Depp in 'Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales' Rosie O'Donnell details how Trump fans hound her children, revealing teenagers have even threatened to grab her daughter's 'p****' - but urges people to have sympathy for Ivanka David Beckham shares a joke with Guy Ritchie and Charlie Hunnam in a behind-the-scenes snap on the set of King Arthur... as the new movie's lead defends him over criticism from fans It's a double whammy! Harry Styles' self-titled debut album hits number one in the UK chart... a month after solo single Sign of the Times also topped the charts Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend was the bodyguard who gave Chris Cornell two Ativans before his suicide and found his dead body - as his heartbroken wife says singer's death was 'inexplicable' Kendall Jenner flashes her underwear in sheer lace co-ords as she lands in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Highlighted her boy short-inspired undies  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Patsy Kensit, 49, looks almost unrecognisable from her glamorous heyday as she steps out in low-key look 'Good golly I love you!': Sarah Jessica Parker shares romantic note on 20-YEAR wedding anniversary to Matthew Broderick... after filming Divorce 'I love my imperfections': Lottie Moss praises her 'big bum and small boobs' as she promotes body confidence with sizzling bikini snap PICTURED: Yolanda Hadid sells luxury LA condo for $5 MILLION as she swaps Beverly Hills for New York to be nearer supermodel daughters Bella and Gigi Juliette Binoche, 53, showcases her ageless complexion as she graces the Cannes Film Festival red carpet in a semi-sheer floor-length gown Bikini-clad Emma McVey exhibits her stunning beach body as she looks back at her romantic Australian getaway with boyfriend Gaz Beadle Bumping along nicely! Parents-to-be Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt grocery shop in Venice Naomi Watts enjoys quiet family time with mother and sons... as her ex Liev Schreiber moves on with new woman Already on the town! Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, is seen leaving Hollywood nightclub with Tobey Maguire after splitting from Nina Agdal, 25 Nautical but nice! Tallia poses up a Storm in a cheeky striped swimsuit as she soaks up the sun after making Cannes Film Festival red carpet debut  Sun worshipper! Hilaria Baldwin wears cut-off shorts and pumps as she enjoys NYC's warm weather... while Alec shoots her a confused look  Giving them the slip! Jennifer Lawrence leaves beau Darren Aronofsky's home wearing same dress for second day in a row 'What you're missing is your life': Sheryl Crow reveals she has BANNED smartphones in her house so she can enjoy spending time with her children Sienna Miller swaps boho chic for tougher look as she films scenes for new movie The Burning Woman EXCLUSIVE: 'She's very scared': Lizzie Cundy steps out with mystery man as she gets DEATH THREATS for befriending ex-UKIP leader Nigel Farage Julia Roberts, 49, says pal George Clooney 'doesn't need parenting advice' but admits twins can be hard when 'there's no one there at 3 am' Russian model Natasha Poly displays her stunning beach body in a scarlet swimsuit while taking a break from the Cannes Film Festival on luxury yacht An emphatic triumph for Netflix as the Cannes debate rumbles on... Okja is an utterly beguiling satire on the US food industry, writes BRIAN VINER EXCLUSIVE: Beatrice's ex gets engaged to his new leggy advertising executive girlfriend (with the Princess telling friends she may even go to the wedding)  13 Reasons Why (she loves the beach)! Kate Walsh strips to her bikini as she soaks up the Ibiza sun before filming second season of hit show Pregnant Bar Refaeli, 31, shows off her beautiful baby bump in a striped bikini as she kicks back on the beach  Brandi Glanville leaves her bra at home as she flashes her assets in a denim mini-dress at dinner with her billionaire beau DJ Friese Bella! Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon looks pretty in red dress as she carries large bottle of Italian water in NYC The final countdown! The Middleton and Matthews attend last rehearsal before Pippa and James' big day as the finishing touches are added to the 'crystal palace'  Last minute errands? Duchess of Cambridge is spotted driving her Range Rover through London as she prepares to watch her little sister Pippa tie the knot   A frill-ing sight! Lydia Bright displays her enviable abs in head-turning leopard print bikini as she enjoys sun soaked trip to South Africa  A model routine! From the exfoliation ritual she does at the BEACH to the drugstore buys she's never without, Miranda Kerr spills her beauty secrets Something to bark about! Katy Perry cradles her puppy in NYC after ex Orlando Bloom said she'll be 'fantastic' on American Idol redo Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson sounds pretty serious about running for president in 2020 as he tells Jimmy Fallon 'people want to see better leadership' Mariah Carey, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes skimpy thong in skintight leggings on a dinner date with twins Moroccan and Monroe  Chris Cornell's heartbroken wife claims he wouldn't have killed himself and that he accidentally took too much Ativan  Die hard Cher fan! Rumer Willis wears fishnets and racy leotard to recreate iconic Turn Back Time performance on Lip Sync Battle Elle-o Elle-o! Fanning dons chic phone-print gown as she channels old Hollywood glamour at Cannes Film Festival Looking every inch the silver siren Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample assets in a tiny gold bikini as she hits the pool in Ibiza after bum lift surgery Went under the knife Eva Longoria packs on the PDA with husband José Bastón in Cannes as they prepare to celebrate their first wedding anniversary together  'He was striving for excellence': Charlie Hunnam praises King Arthur co-star David Beckham for his 'work ethic'... after his cameo was panned by viewers Nick and Aaron Carter plan to spread tragic sister Leslie's ashes with their father Bob's after his sudden death An iconic model: Kelly Brook dresses down in a sexy aviation jumpsuit as she flies in a classic World War II Spitfire fighter jet Up, up, up and away Olivia Wilde strolls in ultra-sheer skirt... before being unveiled as True Botanicals' chief brand activist Holly Willoughby showcases her toned legs in thigh-skimming floral minidress at This Morning Live in Birmingham Pretty daytime frock Nicole Scherzinger accidentally flashes her knickers in risqué gown at Dirty Dancing premiere... before leaving with J-Lo's ex Casper Smart Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly wears silk sleepwear as she and EOTB's Helen Briggs lead the bikini-clad reality show pack at Ibiza beach party  And that's reality! Kim Kardashian watches as she's voted 'most annoying celebrity' on Family Feud Leggy Kimberley Garner almost suffers a Marilyn moment as her polka dot dress blows up in the breeze... after a gruelling 24 hours of dress fittings in Cannes Candyfloss Queen! Victoria Silvstedt shows off her endless tanned pins in a bubblegum pink minidress as leaves her hotel to attend the Cannes Film Festival That's some bachelor pad! Tobey Maguire snaps up modern-looking $3.4m West Hollywood home after split from wife Jennifer Meyer Pregnant Danielle Lloyd cuts a gleeful figure as she leaves baby fair in Birmingham with fiance Michael O'Neill Stocking up on goodies Martine McCutcheon looks sensational in a black strapless swimsuit... after slimming down on new weight loss plan Loose Women panelist 'She hates it when people say I'm 12': Liam Payne, 23, finally addresses 10-year age gap with Cheryl, 33... as he admits having a baby was 'mad'  Elisabeth Moss opts for sporty airport attire as she touches down in bustling Cannes to promote The Square Better late than never, on day two Ore Oduba's wife Portia sizzles in a bikini at the poolside in Cannes... as her husband recalls a cringe-worthy moment in their early dating days Make-up free Sofia Vergara heads to salon in skin-tight capris... as Joe Manganiello flexes for Men's Health Modern Family diva let her natural beauty shine Monochrome magic: Jessica Chastain cuts a chic figure in a lacy white top and large sunglasses at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Baywatch bombshell Kelly Rohrbach shows off her hourglass curves and long legs in a belted pink dress She stepped out in Hollywood Behind-the-scenes Beauty and the Beast clip reveals how TEN people worked on Belle's yellow ball gown - and it took 238 hours to make Carpool Harry-oke! James Corden drives with Styles as they swap clothes, re-enact Titanic and sing a duet of Endless Love in hilarious karaoke skit  It's Now Or Never: Elvis' last privately-owned jet is being auctioned after sitting on a runway in New Mexico for 30 years and it could fetch $3.5million Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday Where it all began: How James wooed Pippa on luxury island St Barths and turned 10-year friendship into whirlwind romance Walking down the aisle Zara drives a golf buggy stocked with booze as she cheers on her husband Mike Tindall in his VERY loud trousers at a charity game  Viewers get their first glimpse of the new Dynasty as Nathalie Kelley and Elizabeth Giles duke it out as rivals Fallon and Cristal in first trailer  And they stay there! DJ Khaled stuns University of California graduates with a surprise performance of his song All I Do Is Win during commencement Kate Beckinsale keeps a low profile in glamorous leather trousers and mohair jacket as she dines out in Hollywood At Craig's Restaurant  'Happiest girls are the prettiest girls!': Jennifer Lopez shares cute photo with her mini me daughter Emme, nine, during downtime in NYC Family photo Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
