FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firspost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Software Patents: Prohibited under Indian law but granted in spirit   15 May 2017 , 10:33 #Software patents Image Credit: NetApp Representative Image By Devika Agarwal Associated Chambers of Commerce & Industry of India (ASSOCHAM India) in a recent letter has urged Prime Minister Modi to amend the 2016 Guidelines on Computer Related Inventions (CRI Guidelines) to allow for software patents to be granted in India. The letter raises concerns that the present CRI Guidelines which do not permit patentability of software adversely affect innovation by start-ups and also hit investments in the ICT sector. It further argues that software patents are granted in countries abroad, and by not permitting software patents, the CRI Guidelines are not aligned to the Digital India initiative. At present, the Indian Patents Act and the CRI Guidelines prohibit patents on software. However, software patents have in fact been granted recently by Indian Patent Offices to companies like Google, Apple and Facebook. This leads one to question whether patents on software are indeed denied in India (as argued by ASSOCHAM) or are patent offices in India inclined to grant software patents in spirit. Law on software patenting in India Inventions in the field of software may fall in the category of computer programs (which are protected under copyright law in India) or business methods. While software is said to constitute a set of computer programs, a ‘business method’ can be understood as ‘inventions which combine software with business methodology’. In other words, business methods refer to “novel ways of doing business” by software and internet companies. A popular example of a business method is Amazon’s “1-Click system” which gives an option to regular users of Amazon to make purchases online without the need to enter their payment and contact details manually every time, thereby enabling purchases through a “single click”. Section 3(k) of the Patents Act excludes the following inventions from patentability: mathematical or business method; computer programs per se (by itself); or algorithm. What is confusing about the patentability of computer programs under section 3(k) is the use of the phrase ‘per se’. Until 2015, there was no uniformity among the four patent offices (Kolkata, Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai) in India on the issue of grant of software patents (a fact which was also noted by the Intellectual Property Appellate Board (IPAB) in the case, Yahoo v. Controller, and Rediff). In the absence of any guidelines on the issue of patents on computer related inventions (CRI), it was found that while some patent offices refused to grant software patents, others were inclined to grant patents on software. In order to remove inconsistencies related to grant of software patents in India , the Controller of Patents issued guidelines related to CRI first in 2015 (known as CRI Guidelines 2015). Under the 2015 guidelines, patent offices in India were prohibited from issuing business method patents while computer programs could be patentable on the fulfilment of certain conditions. The CRI Guidelines 2015 were decried by open source activists in India who claimed that the 2015 Guidelines would adversely impact innovation by start-ups in India; they argued that the 2015 Guidelines violated section 3(k) of the Patents Act which expressly prohibited software patents. This led to the recall of the 2015 Guidelines in December 2015 and fresh guidelines were subsequently issued in February 2016. The 2016 Guidelines altered the earlier position to the extent that even patents on computer programs could not be granted unless the inventor could show that the invention included a computer program “in conjunction with a novel hardware” (also known as ‘novel hardware requirement’). Business methods continue to remain non-patentable under the 2016 Guidelines. Business method patents routinely granted by Indian patent offices While the 2016 Guidelines cleared the legal ambiguity related to software patenting in India, recent trend indicates that software patents (particularly business method patents) are routinely granted by Indian patent offices. As many as four business method patents have been granted in India in 2017. Business method patents granted to Facebook Facebook was granted a patent (Application No. 830/CHENP/2009) in February 2017 on a method “for generating dynamic relationship-based content, personalised for members of the web-based social network”. Facebook claimed that section 3(k) was not applicable in this case because the invention “implements a technical process and has a technical effect.” On 25th April, 2017 Facebook was granted another patent (Application No. 6799/CHENP/2009) on a method to share its user-profile data with third party applications on Facebook. Facebook in its patent application stated that its invention was not merely a computer program as the said invention “includes hardware limitation and provides technical improvements and benefits like checking privacy setting associated with the user profile”. The Chennai Patent Office accepted this submission and accordingly granted Facebook a patent for its invention. Apple’s patent on media management program In May 2017, the Kolkata Patent Office granted a patent (Application No. 461/KOLNP/2009) to Apple on a ‘method for browsing data items with respect to a display screen associated with a computing device and an electronic device’. Notably, one of the issues raised during the examination of the patent application was whether the invention fulfilled the novel hardware requirement. Apple argued that its invention brings about an “improved technical effect” and therefore, should be patentable. Surprisingly, Apple’s argument was accepted by the patent office which accordingly granted Apple a patent on the said invention. Patent granted on Google’s information retrieval system Most recently, Google was granted a patent on an invention titled, ‘phrase identification in an information retrieval system’. In this case too, Google argued that its invention is not an algorithm or a computer program per se, “but provides a technical solution to a technical problem of how to automatically identify phrases in a document collection”. The trouble with the grant of the aforementioned patents is that the subject-matter of these inventions in all the cases was business methods. The internet companies argued that their inventions included a ‘novel hardware’ and therefore, did not fall afoul of section 3(k). Even though ‘novel hardware’ is not defined in the CRI Guidelines (leaving patent examiners free to interpret the meaning of the phrase), it is worth noting that business methods are absolutely prohibited under Indian law and the ‘novel hardware’ requirement is applicable only when the invention is a computer program. Such patents indicate that while software/business methods are prohibited under Indian patent laws, patent offices in the country show a proclivity towards granting such patents. Devika Agarwal is a Research Fellow at Centre for WTO Studies, Indian Institute of Foreign Trade. She is also a Volunteer at Strategic Advocacy for Human Rights. Views expressed are personal. Publish date: May 15, 2017 10:33 am| Modified date: May 15, 2017 10:33 am Tags: Apple, ASSOCHAM India, Associated Chambers of Commerce & Industry of India, Computer Related Inventions, CRI Guidelines, Facebook, Google, Patents Act, software patenting, Software Patents Also read Software-Defined Wide Area Network: An intelligent approach to global networking Michael Dell believes that software-defined data standards and 5G will define the future of technology X Recommended For You Ransomware attacks explained: What is so special about WannaCry, and how to secure yourself Here are five ways to protect your data from ransomware cyber attacks Complete lineup of Motorola smartphones for 2017 leaks, Moto X to make a comeback Experts warn of more WannaCry ransomware attacks after offices open on Monday Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #WannaCry May 15, 2017 Europol estimates that WannaCry cyber attack has hit about 2,00,000 systems in 150 countries #Google May 15, 2017 Google Contacts 2.0 rolling out; goes cleaner and leaner #Partnered Mar 30, 2017 The Fashion Shopper has gone mobile: New report by BCG & Facebook #North Korea May 15, 2017 North Korea has successfully test fired a medium long-range ballistic missile #WannaCry May 15, 2017 Indonesian government has warned of more damage by cyber attack as work week starts #Facebook May 15, 2017 Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg calls for more family-friendly government policies SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Today AAPL: 156.10 2.15 Latest drone video shows how Apple Park construction has progressed over the last year Chance Miller - May. 14th 2017 10:20 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Park View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit While some have slighted Apple for not moving employees into its new Apple Park headquarters at a faster pace, it’s clear that the progress made throughout the last year has been incredible. This evening, drone aficionado Matthew Roberts has released his latest Apple Park video, but instead of the typical flyover style, this video shows how the campus has transformed over the last year… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The video starts with showing the month-by-month progress of the spaceship design, showing things such as solar panel installation, landscaping, and much more. The Steve Jobs Theater is also highlighted alongside the main tunnel for underground access. Furthermore, we can see the research and development center, as well as the fitness center, take shape. Other highlighted aspects of Apple Park include the atrium, the parking garage, and the reduction of the massive pile of dirt. Several videographers have provided mostly drone flyover videos of Apple Park throughout the past year and today’s video does an excellent job of showing the progress that has been made. As we saw with the drone footage released last month, however, there’s still plenty of progress to be made before Apple Park is 100 percent complete and Apple is working around the clock to accomplish it all. It wasn’t until February that Apple officially announced that its new headquarters would be named Apple Park, while the 1,000-seat auditorium would be named the Steve Jobs Theater. The company also stated that Apple Park would be ready for employees to start moving in during the month of April, which has now come and gone with an unknown number of employees moving in. Check out the transformation video below and keep up to date with everything we know about Apple Park in our continually updated guide. What do you think of the progress Apple has made over the last year? Let us know down in the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Park Apple Park, previously titled Campus 2, will become the company's new headquarters in 2017 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1458 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 5 Common Apple TV Problems & Fixes Josh Smith01/28/2017 The Apple TV is the center of your entertainment system and even the center of your connected home now the HomeKit is a major part of the Apple ecosystem. Here’s how to fix the most common Apple TV problems. On the surface, the Apple TV looks like any other streaming box, but it connects into other Apple devices and it connects to many other parts of your home. The Apple TV controls your Hue lights, lets you play games and download apps as well as acts as an easy way to stream your iPhone or MacBook to your TV using AirPlay. Read: 34 Apple TV Tips & Tricks Even with a proper setup, you may quickly run into Apple TV problems that could be related to your home WiFi, your home theater setup or simply streaming movies not streaming. Here are the most common Apple TV problems and how to fix them so you can play apps, stream movies or mirror your iPhone or MacBook to your TV without calling Apple. How to Fix Apple TV WiFi Problems Apple TV WiFi problems are one of the most common issues that you will experience. This could easily be related to your home WiFi network or it could be that your Apple TV is too far away. Common Apple TV WiFi problems include; Can’t find WiFi network Unable to join WiFi network Can’t access the Internet on Apple TV Frequent disconnects and buffering. To fix these problems, first, navigate to Settings > Network and see if an IP address is showing up. If there is no IP address you need to turn your router off for a minute and to restart your Apple TV. To restart your Apple TV, navigate to Settings > System > Restart. To power cycle your router, unplug it from power. In cases where your Apple TV connects to WiFi, but it is not staying connected or constantly waiting to download more of a show you may have a poor signal. You may need to move the Apple TV out of a cabinet or move your router closer. You may also need to look for a whole home WiFi system. How to Fix Apple TV AirPlay Problems AirPlay lets you stream your iPhone, iPad or MacBook screen to your TV. It’s an awesome way to use the TV as a display when it works. This is a useful tool, but one that can cause many problems. The first thing to do if you cannot use AirPlay is to make sure your iPhone and Apple TV are on the same network. If you connect to a different one by accident or your iPhone is on cellular it will not work. Go to Settings and see if your home WiFi network shows up on both of your devices. Another issue is that you may not see the AirPlay logo in the video app you want to stream. If that is the case, the app may not support AirPlay. This is common in some sports apps and in some TV apps where the company doesn’t allow you to watch on a larger screen. If that’s not the case check your Apple TV settings. You can also check to see if AirPlay is enabled on your Apple TV by heading to Settings > AirPlay and make sure that the feature is turned on. In cases where AirPlay stutters or lags, it could be that your iPhone is too far from the Apple TV or that the lag is related to streaming instead of to AirPlay. How to Fix Apple TV Video Problems If you cannot stream content from apps or there are other video problems you aren’t alone. Occasionally there will be video without audio or audio without video. Before you take any drastic options, restart the stream. This may fix the issue in just a few seconds. If that doesn’t work, make sure the HDMI cable is connected on both ends and if possible try a different HDMI cable. You can also check the Apple TV resolution. To change the resolution that your Apple TV displays, navigate to Settings > Audio and Video > Resolution. Most users will see it set to Auto. This works in most cases, but you can also change it to the resolution your TV supports. How to Fix Apple TV Audio Problems When it comes to Apple TV audio problems there is an easy solution to start with. Just as with video issues, restart the stream before you do anything else. Double check your connections to the Apple TV and your TV. This could be HDMI or it could be an optical cable. Make sure these are all connected, including connections to an audio receiver or soundbar. You may want to switch inputs to see if your Apple TV audio comes back. Of course, you should also check that your volume is turned up and the TV is not muted. How to Fix Apple TV Remote Problems The Apple TV remote is certainly a key part of using the Apple TV. When you have remote problems, you may not be able to use the Apple TV. Before you have any issues, it’s a good idea to set up the iPhone Remote App to control your Apple TV. One Apple TV remote problem is that it is no longer paired. Make sure the remote is charged for 30 minutes. Then put your remote within 3-inches of the Apple TV and hold the volume up and menu button for five seconds to pair. Once this is done, unplug the Apple TV from power for seconds. Plug it back in and then try your remote again. Here are other minor Apple TV remote problems that you can check out. 9 Awesome Apple TV Accessories Griffin Survivor Play   1 / 9 The Griffin Survivor Play is a protective sleeve for the Apple TV remote that can save it from potential damage. The Survivor Play is geared toward Apple TV gamers that will likely use the remote as a game controller, providing maximum grip so that the remote doesn't fall out of your hands, especially when you're playing a game that requires you to fling around the remote to activate the motion sensors inside. The protective sleeve is made out of silicone and has extra-thick grips on the back to make it easier to hold. It's priced at $19.99 and is available now.   1 / 9 68 Responses 11/20/2014 Areyoukiddinme Reply You forgot the most common problem: the little light on the apple tv is off. Solution: move your apple tv close to a power point and plug it in, using the cord. Is this article serious??? 03/31/2015 Yes Indeed Reply +1 01/03/2015 tracy Reply i could receive ice films and much movies app but now i cant open these, this is really the only one two i use. usless without them for me. can i get help to get these back. i have unabled and abled them again.tried all the fix problems on the apple that tells me to do. please help 01/10/2015 Jack Hobson Reply I am returning my apple tv. It is not user friendly. the remote is nerve racking to use. 06/05/2015 Maria Reply This is an individual user opinion. I happen to love the remote. Fewer buttons so you can use it without looking at it. Solid click anytime you push something. It’s great. 06/11/2015 Larry Reply I totally agree. Very easy. 03/10/2017 Adrian Reply Agree, I hate the new remote. Lean over in the dark to find it only to bump the touch pad and the movie skips or stops playing. Cat jumps on the table in the middle of the night and switches the TV on. Very poorly thought out 05/11/2015 chloe77 Reply We moved the Apple TV to a different TV since Yourube was no longer supported by the first generation Apple TV. When we plugged it in, it would not light up or come on. It simply doesn’t work period. It was working perfectly. Mind you I have three Apple TV s in my home. Any ideas on what’s wrong with the one that simply stopped working? 07/11/2015 D1ddyd Reply It’s common for the PSU on the apple TV 2 & 3’s to fail. You can go to youtube to find a tutorial of how to replace a faulty PSU. They are about US$30 to buy. 07/11/2015 D1ddyd Reply The way to diagnose this is to see it isn’t powering up with the power cable connected, however, if you connect via a micro USB to you computer it will still light up and be able to be restored with iTunes. 05/29/2015 Stickman Reply I have a number of photos on my Mac. When I show them on my TV many of them are out of order plus I get a number of duplicates. I have checked that I am using the correct file. Help. 06/20/2015 Rama Reply great.. thanks boss. This worked for me.. Menu+Up button changed the resolution and that solved my problem 07/21/2015 Lanny Julian Reply My Apple TV no longer receives iTunes via WiFi. I’ve done all that’s noted including reboot, proper sign-in/passwords, tested for speed/signal (OK), but every time I try turning the music on, I get a message “Problem with loading; try again later.” My iCloud photos steam perfectly but no music! 07/24/2015 Tracy Reply Apple TV bite me! I’ve tried everything! To get to the back of my TV you need two people to take it from the bookcase to get to the cables. We unplugged all cables. Put the cables back in place and put the TV back on the bookcase and no Apple TV. I changed the batteries and we switch out remotes. I do not recommend this product. Once it goes it done. There was no extended warranty so basically it did not last 5 months and now I’m back to cable. 02/24/2016 Dickens Reply If your TV is that awkward to access …..secure the cables with some slack. 07/25/2015 Not Happy Reply Apple TV – what a piece of crap…. used it for 3 months … now no power, no light, no nothing. Cant get any link or signal w HDMI or USB – waste of money. 08/29/2015 Mike McCullough Reply Only one problem with my Apple TV’s remote control: the left directional arrow does not respond. Therefore I can’t move to the left. Moving Up, down or to the right is fine. Do I need a new remote control? 08/31/2015 Kerry Reply You could just download the remote app on your iphone and control your Apple TV with that instead. 02/06/2016 Olivia Reply My Apple Remote would not move right. Read thins tip whether your having issues with anyone of directions on remote. I found this tip and it worked for this 64 year old Senior Lady so u can do it too. Get some hand sanitizer and soak the round directional area. I had to let my sit for at least a minute before I got amazing results! After the Sanitizer soaks in clean it off throughly. A miracle! Junk can get caught down in the circle preventing proper function. Tell whomever to clean their hands before using the remote. If it doesn’t work the first time, repeat a second. You’ll be You did! 09/07/2015 Stevemac Reply Sure, rebooting the ATV will allow it to reconnect and AirPlay to reactivate. The bigger question is WHY must a reboot continually be needed? From day to day, the ability to use AP is lost, and will NOT work until a reboot of ATV. My PC doesn’t lose connection to the network, and it is on 24×7. Yet I need to continually reboot the ATV. Very frustrating. Yes, it does work, but should not be needed everyday. This started to occur with the newer iOS versions, so I suspect a bug in the iOS. Again, very frustrating from the company that is supposed to be the one who ” gets it” with regard to consumer electronics. 10/04/2015 John Wilkins Reply Hello I have been experiencing lots of connection issues between my apple computer and Apple TV. It seems to have a mind of its own. All my update are on. But I still loose the connection between the Apple TV and my devices like computer, iPhone 5s, IPad top of the line. If somebody could explain to me why this is not resolved yet after all these years of development.. 10/09/2015 Matt frustrated apple user. Reply Easiest way to solve all your problems is to buy a Roku. Have an Apple TV in the same room as router, DOES NOT STREAM THRU WIFI. Roku on a different level, no problems. Good bye Apple….. 10/10/2015 Rick Bourget Reply Cant access past the main menu screen with remote. Changed and checked new battery , checked cable , rebooted TV , rebooted wifi…….apple TV box light is on but won’t flicker when remote is applied all dead…NFG 10/18/2015 Mark Reply I can’t see any wifi networks on my ATV at all. All I see is computer and settings buttons upon boot up. There are at least 10 wifi networks accessible on my iphone and MBP but my ATV sees none of them at all. ATV used to work fine but for the last couple of months wifi just isn’t working. Any advice on how to resolve this matter would be greatly appreciated. 10/29/2015 Claes Reply Mark, have you got any good answer/hints? I have the same problem 10/31/2015 Andy Reply My ATV looses connection with the ipad every 45 seconds and I have to use the pull up display on the ipad to reactivate the airplay ipad setting. It’s a drag when watching a film and its disappointing that what could be a great gadget turns into a painful experience that will eventually be thrown in the rubbish. The only luck i’ve had reducing this problem is to reduce the resolution to 360p. Not great! 11/07/2015 Carmen Reply I can get the Apple TV to power up but the remote will not control it. Tried all the resets on the remote and changed the battery. The remote is good , it will control my other Apple TV After the main screen is on for 5 minutes it powers off and I can’t get it to power on without unplugging and reconnecting. Then same problem. 11/11/2015 Shaun Reply So, I want to use an AppleTV in an auditorium setup. It has a roof mounted projector at the front and an audio box at the rear where audio/visual plug in. It has a HDMI cable plumbed from the projector to the audio box, about 10 meters away. Plug AppleTV in and no display/audio, although at times it seems to recognize a signal but shows nothing. Tried this in 2 seperate locations with the exact same setup only about 30km’s apart and same issue. Plug the AppleTV into the rear of the projector with standard length HDMI cable, works sweat, but can’t do this real time due to location of the audience. Plug a laptop into the same HDMI cable in the audio box and display’s with no problem. Why won’t the AppleTV work on this cable too? 11/14/2015 John Reply Air play keeps disconnection about every 10 minutes, thats annoying when streaming a movie from my i pad air 2, i have discovered that when the i pad screen turns off and locks that shortly there after if disconnects from airplay, so the only soulition i can make work is to put auto lock to never and leave the screen on, any other suggestions 11/18/2015 Rebecca Reply My remote has a mind of its own. Lately Ill push the select middle button and nothing will happen, I push again and then the icon that I’m on starts to shake. I push the button again and it stops. But I cannot get it to actually select the Icon app I am on. If I push the up/down/left/right button, it takes it all the way to the end of that column or row even if I only pushed it once. Ive restarted the Apple TV and the battery is fairly new. Im trying to connect it to my Iphone but I cant seem to even get to the settings. What do I do? this is beyond frustrating. 11/23/2015 nadia Reply Did you fix the problem? I have the same exactly problem 12/16/2015 David Reply Seeking help!! My Apple TV keeps ‘seizing” for about 1 minute every 3 or 4 minutes as though it’s playing too fast for the buffering when I stream Netflix or a movie. I checked my internet speed at 48Mbps at my PC and have a signal strength of 5 out of max 5 at the TV via a router signal extender. I have checked my HDMI cables and they fit snugly. I tested the internet connection on the TV for over 10 Mbps and it checks out fine. everything seems to work fine except for the playing of the show. any ideas where I should look next? 12/16/2015 David Reply Oh, and I have restarted the Apple TV and the Modem as well with no success. 12/17/2015 Ted Reply Same here. Mine won’t play Netflix for more than a few minutes and Hulu has no audio also. Air play is only way I can watch these apps. C’mon apple! 12/17/2015 Ted Reply Might b done w/apple products don’t think they really care anymore 12/18/2015 Jon Reply Thank you!!! The remote pairing did the trick! :) 12/23/2015 Tim Coutts Reply I have two of these devices in my house. Yes, I made the same mistake twice! For a few months, maybe a year, both worked beautifully but not now. They both respond to their remotes and stream Netflix fine. However, when I’m streaming TV, the video is jerky and the sound isn’t synchronized. I’ve tried rebooting both of them but without success. I’ve also tested the network strength, which is fine of course. My guess that successive upgrades of iOS has introduced problems and Apple just hasn’t solved them. Perhaps they haven’t bothered to try to solve them! Any new ideas? 12/25/2015 Jennifer Reply Apple TV remote has a mind of its own…each time it is touched the volume keeps climbing no matter what button you touch! Any insight how to fix? 02/04/2016 Lindsey Reply I have the same problem, only it turns the volume all the way down without me even touching the remote. Then no matter what, I can’t turn it up again. Did you figure out how to fix your rogue remote? 12/27/2015 Tammie Johnson Reply I need to know why everyday at midnight all the apps on my apple tv sign themselves out then i have to go through the process of signing in 1 by 1. How do i stop this, its frustrating and crazy? 12/27/2015 Tammie Johnson Reply I love my apple tv but after last updates between apple, im having trouble with all my apple devices apple tv being the worse and its the one my family uses the most 01/03/2016 Debbie Reply Apple TV can’t connect to the server at this time? 01/29/2016 Catherineswhitman Reply 1=2237 my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info…. See More 02/07/2016 Jonathan Reply I have 2 Apple TV’s in the house and I bought a Tv program on the one in the bedroom which I can watch the program on, the second I try to watch the program on the living room Tv it gets stuck on the loading screen, so basically which ever Apple TV I buy a show on I have to watch it on that one !!!!! 02/26/2016 ARNOLD DOVER Reply MY APPLE TV BOX IS STUCK ON THE MENU SCREEN & WONT LET ME NAVIGATE TO ANYTHING IT WANT MOVE OR SCROLL EVEN WHEN I UNPLUG IT OR SHUT IT DOWN IT STAYS THE SAME. SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME 03/18/2016 robert ivon Reply MY APPLE TV BOX IS STUCK ON THE MENU SCREEN & WONT LET ME NAVIGATE TO ANYTHING IT WANT MOVE OR SCROLL EVEN WHEN I UNPLUG IT OR SHUT IT DOWN IT STAYS THE SAME. SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME I have same problem and new remote works with other units… 03/18/2016 Bri Reply I’m so sick of Apple!!!!! My AppleTV is stuck on the main menu and my remote it came with and my phone remote won’t work. The little white light flickers like it’s going to do something but then nothing. All these comments regarding the same issues but zero answers. I’m loving my Roku more and more. 03/19/2016 Rick Reply “An error occur loading this content.try again later” I get this error when using the device on any wifi. No errors if wired to switch. I also tested at a friend, same issue. My roku or chrome cast have no issue ever. I tested watching the same movie on Netflix. I called aplle without much help. Anyone else have this issue. 03/19/2016 Debra Reply I have the exact same issue. Just started doing it last night. 04/04/2016 Mako27 Reply Recently I’ve had problems with freezing or jerky video when using you tube on the latest Apple TV. This has occurred with both Wi Fi and when directly connected to the router. The problem I’ve found can be temporarily fixed by restarting the unit but it usually occurs again a short time later. Other streaming channels such as Netflix do not seem to have this problem and operate normally. Is any one else having this problem and if so is there a fix? 04/09/2016 geodorse Reply this article is so bad. 05/02/2016 alan Reply anyone have a suggestion to fix my problem which is that after trying everything all i get on start up is the apple logo on screen centre? I’ve rebooted many times, tried all the button combos in the book – still the same! 05/26/2016 John Reply What about the newer Apple TV version? I found this fix here http://www.cydiageeks.com/fix-black-screen-death-apple-tv-4-ssh.html 05/30/2016 Geoff Reply Ok Apple TV won’t give Video or audio nothing Replace HDMI cable check all 3 HDMI nothing power off Hold arrow down and menu reboot Apple TV nothing Take to friends home plug in all working reset to factory settings mmmm check HDMI outlets with PVR all working fine in stuck any advise much appreciated 06/01/2016 chris Reply these are the worst tips ever..common guys is this all you got i could have read the apple users guid ..WEEK!!!!!! 06/16/2016 Cheryl Reply I don’t use the remote. There are too many other options for controlling the Apple TV box. 07/24/2016 brebee Reply i feel like this cost me too much money to have such a number of problems as i experience. 07/29/2016 Adam Wise Reply Its junk. Total waste of money. 08/07/2016 dennis Reply my apple boxes connects with netflix and plays video but the audio only plays the background sounds..there is no voices from the actors……..anyone have any ideas 08/22/2016 Tony Reply I got a apple 4 tv early near release date and connected it to my home theatre. Problems- .freezes image but still plays sound after a couple of minutes into a Netflix movie then I have to ff the movie a few seconds to correct it. . A quick streek or line appears for a second on the screen like a static surge, happens like every 10 minutes .sometimes a pop sound comes from speakers when using Apple 4 tv like electric surge spike. I have reset my Apple TV couple of times and software update but this has not fixed the problem. Anyone know how to fix this, maybe I should return it? 09/16/2016 Phillip Dahlenburg Reply My Apple TV is plugged in not wireless WHY does it take 3 to 4 hours to down load a movie??? Apple take your money very fast pity there shit Apple TV could not work as fast,and there is nothing wrong with my internet 21.5 Mbps 10/16/2016 Malcolm Chisholm Reply So many different problems with this kit. ATV is great when it works well BUT there seems to be a serious lack of consistent QUALITY CONTROL. If it was properly made to quality standards, the many faults reported above wouldn’t happen. 11/24/2016 Nonie Sadletr Reply My Apple tv accepts commands for example to play back an Iview program but within a few minutes or even seconds it reverts to the beginning. Now this happened again and again and again. The out of the blue I was able to watch a full program without interruption. 01/02/2017 Laura Reply I bought my Apple TV yesterday and it is not connecting. I am forever on a screen showing me breathtaking photos of the Bay Bridge and views of San Francisco. Has anyone had this problem? 01/12/2017 Nasir Reply Thanks a lot for describing the issue and solution in such detail. 01/14/2017 Terry Leahy Reply We have a weak internet connection. So it is possible to get iTunes videos downloaded and play them on my mac lap top – it just takes time. However if I try to play these using apple Air and apple TV it insists on taking me through the internet, and streaming the videos from iTunes. It treats the mac lap top version as a pirate edition and automatically refers me to the iTunes source – which I cannot get. I am sure this is to do with piracy issues as there is no problem with playing downloaded videos on my mac lap top from other sources with VLC and from my lap top through an ethernet cable to the apple TV and onto the TV screen like that. Basically this whole set up has been concocted to deal with internet piracy issues and makes the assumption that your internet connection is up to streaming live from the iTunes source. It isn’t here. We live in Newcastle, a major Australian city. I can see why young people download pirate editions of everything. It actually gives you a much more user friendly product than the one you get from iTunes. 03/10/2017 Adrian Reply Since the latest software update I’m constanly losing connection with my media server after 60min or so. Have to restart the Apple TV and then its all good for another 60min or so. Don’t seem to have this issue on the APTV3 tho but that unit has been jail broken. 05/14/2017 Murray Reply My problem is different to those discussed above. When I turn on the TV the General Screen appears showing the various options but I am unable to navigate beyond this opening screen. The remote does not appear to be working however when I press the volume control it displays on the screen and appears to still be managing volume control.. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Flipkart Big 10 Sale Day 2: Top deals on Apple iPhone 7, Google Pixel, Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Moto G5 series and more Apart from flat cash discounts, Flipkart is giving additional 10% off to HDFC card users and also gift vouchers to select customers during the Big 10 Sale (May 14-18). Rohit KVN   May 15, 2017 10:34 IST Flipkart Big 10 Sale Day 2: Top deals on Apple iPhone 7, Google Pixel, Moto G5 series and moreFlipkart via Twitter (screen-shot) Flipkart's Big 10 Sale on Monday entered the second day of its promotional campaign, the mega mobile mela, which entitles consumers to huge cash discounts on several big and emerging brands, including Apple, Samsung, Motorola, Xiaomi, Oppo and Vivo. Apart from flat discounts, Flipkart is giving additional 10% off to HDFC credit/debit card subscribers and various other incentives on select mobile brands. Also read: Flipkart Big 10 Sale: Top lucrative deals on mobiles, TVs, home appliances, books, fashion and more We have leafed through numerous offers and come up with a list of the lucrative deals that you should consider. Top Flipkart Big 10 Sale deals on Apple iPhone series: 26% off on Apple iPhone 7 (all colour options) 32GB (MRP: 60,000; New: Rs. 43,999) and up to Rs. 20,000 discount via exchange deal 27% off on Apple iPhone 7 (on all colours) 128GB (MRP: Rs. 70,000; New: Rs.50,999) and close to Rs. 20,000 off through exchange deal 22% off on Apple iPhone 7 (on all colours) 256GB (MRP: Rs. 80,000; New: Rs.61,999) and close to Rs. 20,000 off through exchange deal 19% off on Apple iPhone 7 Plus (on all colours) 32GB (MRP: Rs. 72,000; New: Rs.54,999) and close to Rs. 20,000 off through exchange deal 23% off on Apple iPhone 7 Plus (on all colours) 128GB (MRP: Rs. 82,000; New: Rs.65,999) and close to Rs. 20,000 off through exchange deal 27% off on Apple iPhone 7 Plus (on all colours) 256GB (MRP: Rs. 92,000; New: Rs.73,999) and close to Rs. 20,000 off through exchange deal Read more: Complete specifications of Apple iPhone 7 series 29% off on Apple iPhone 6s (on all colours) 32GB (MRP: Rs. 47,999; New: Rs.33,999) and close to Rs. 20,000 off through exchange deal 18% off on Apple iPhone 6 (space grey) 16GB (MRP: Rs. 36,990; New: Rs.29,990) and close to Rs. 20,000 off through exchange deal 22% off on Apple iPhone 5s (on all colours) 16GB (MRP: Rs. 20,000; New: Rs.15,499) and close to Rs. 14,500 off through exchange deal Top Flipkart Big 10 sale deals on Google Pixel series: 22% off on Google Pixel (on all colours) 32GB (MRP: Rs. 57,000; New: Rs.43,999) and close to Rs. 29,000 off through exchange deal 19% off on Google Pixel (on all colours) 128GB (MRP: Rs. 66,000; New: Rs.52,999) and close to Rs. 29,000 off through exchange deal 19% off on Google Pixel XL (on all colours) 32GB (MRP: Rs. 67,000; New: Rs.53,999) and close to Rs. 29,000 off through exchange deal 17% off on Google Pixel XL (on all colours) 128GB (MRP: Rs. 76,000; New: Rs.62,999) and close to Rs. 29,000 off through exchange deal Read more: Complete specifications of Google Pixel series Top Flipkart Big 10 Sale deals on Motorola phones: 5% off on Moto G5 Plus (on all colours) 128GB (MRP: Rs. 16,999; New: Rs.15,999) and close to Rs. 15,000 off through exchange deal 12% off on Moto E3 Power (on all colours) 128GB (MRP: Rs. 7,999; New: Rs.6,999) and close to Rs. 6,500 off through exchange deal 11% off on Moto M (gold & silver) 64GB (MRP: Rs. 16,999; New: Rs.15,999) and close to Rs. 15,000 off through exchange deal Top Flipkart Big 10 Sale deals on Samsung phones: 16% off on the Galaxy On Nxt (on all colours) 64GB (MRP: Rs. 17,900; New: Rs.14,900) and close to Rs. 14,000 off through exchange deal 24% off on the Galaxy J5 2016 (on all colours) 16GB (MRP: Rs. 13,290; New: Rs.9,990) and close to Rs. 9,000 off through exchange deal Top Flipkart Big 10 Sale deals on other phone brands: 33% off on 5.2-inch Asus Zenfone 3 (white) 32GB (MRP: Rs. 21,999; New: Rs.14,999) and close to Rs. 14,000 off through exchange deal Up to Rs. 17,000 off on Vivo V5 via exchange deal (MRP: Rs.17,980) Close to Rs. 18,500 off on Oppo F3 via exchange offer (MRP: Rs. 19,990). It also comes with Flipkart's buy back guarantee. For 6-9 months: Rs. 10,000 and 9-12 months: Rs. 8,000 (buy-back value) Up to Rs. 18,000 off on Vivo V5s via exchange deal (MRP: Rs.18,990). It also comes with Flipkart's buy back guarantee. For 6-9 months: Rs. 10,000 and 9-12 months: Rs. 8,000 (buy-back value) 5% off on Oppo F1s (grey) 64GB (MRP: Rs. 18,990; New: Rs. 17,990) and close to Rs. 17,000 off via exchange offer Besides the cash discounts and exchange offers on smartphones, Flipkart is hosting Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale at 12:00 pm today. There is no word on how many units will be available for sale, but since this is Flipkart's flagship sale event, it will definitely not want to anger fans with low stocks. It is expected to have stocks in six figures (lakhs). Watch this space for latest updates on Flipkart. Related HMD Global tipped to host Nokia mobiles' India launch event in June first week Apple iPhone 8 design language, camera details revealed in CAD video Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 debuts in India via Amazon; price, specs, availability; all you need to know Also read Lenovo Moto C vs Redmi 4 vs Nokia 3 on cards in India next month HTC U Play price reduced in India; all you need to know Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News GTA 5: The Last of Us mod showcased in full graphic detail [Video] 18 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Google Android vs Apple iOS: Project Treble to cut Android update release time 19 hours ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big 10 Sale: Top 10 deals and discounts you cannot miss As part of its Big 10 sales, Flipkart is offering up to 90% discounts on some select products starting 14 May through 18 May. Tizen 3.0-powered Samsung Z4 set for release in India soon The company has confirmed that the Tizen 3.0-powered Samsung Z4 will be first released in India soon. Motorola's Moto X4 aka Moto X (2017) in the offing? Motorola's upcoming device is said to be Moto X series called Moto X4 and not Moto X (2017) as speculated earlier. Flipkart Big 10 Sale vs Amazon Great Indian Sale: Top 30 smartphone deals you must check out Smartphone shoppers can check out the best offers on Amazon and Flipkart during their big sales. Amazon Great Indian Sale day 3: Offers under Rs. 500 you cannot miss Amazon Great Indian Sale has entered the third day, and this is your final chance to buy products at amazing discounts before the offers end on May 14. Here's why Samsung Galaxy S8, OnePlus 5, iPhone 8 buyers should watch out for Moto X 2017 Moto X 2017 is expected to feature dual camera, fingerprint scanner, AI integration and more. How to verify if the phone you are buying was stolen Here's a simple trick to check if the phone you are buying was stolen or genuine. Researcher discovers 'Kill Switch' for WannaCry ransomware, but crisis isn't over; here's what to do The cybercriminals behind the WannaCry ransomware attack were not smart enough to hide a sloppy mistake, which helped a young security researcher find a "kill switch." Photo Gallery Brie Bella shares Adorable pictures of Newborn daughter Birdy Brie Bella shares Adorable pictures of Newborn daughter Birdy. Happy Mother's Day 2017: Best quotes, messages, wishes, picture greetings to share with your mom Happy Mother's Day 2017: Best quotes, messages, wishes, picture greetings to share with your mom. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter New Apple Park Drone Video Recaps Construction Progress Made Over the Past Year Sunday May 14, 2017 9:51 pm PDT by Mitchel Broussard Drone videographer Matthew Roberts today uploaded a new video about Apple Park, this time showcasing the construction progress that Apple has made on its new campus over the past year. The video starts in June 2016 and goes up through Roberts' most recent drone updates in April and May 2017, where last minute pieces of construction were being put into place as the first small batch of employees moved into the new workspace. Roberts separated the video to focus on the major buildings and features at Apple Park, allowing viewers to watch all the progress that has been made on the central "Spaceship" building, Steve Jobs Theater, main tunnel, R&D facility, fitness center, parking garage, and atrium. Even the large mound of dirt that loomed over the site during the first weeks of construction gets some focus in the video. Apple Park began as an idea by former CEO Steve Jobs, who pitched the plans for the campus to the Cupertino City Council in 2011, with a completion date for 2015. Demolition on the site began in 2013, and construction delays eventually pushed back a late 2016 opening to the spring of 2017. In February, Apple officially named the campus "Apple Park." Construction is still ongoing at the campus, with the Steve Jobs Theater expected to open sometime later in the year, and small landscaping details continuing to be worked on as more employees move into the buildings. Eyes have been on Apple Park's construction since it began, with interesting coverage including nighttime footage, aerial photography, and even a recreation of the campus in Minecraft. Tag: Apple Park [ 6 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) chr1s60 48 minutes ago at 11:13 pm It's a very cool building and campus, but I will be glad when construction is done and we don't need monthly update posts. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Review: ExoLens' Wide-Angle Zeiss Lens is Bulky, but Takes Distortion-Free Photos 3 days ago on iOS Blog ExoLens and Zeiss have teamed up to create some high-quality lenses designed to take iPhone photography to the next level. At $200, the ExoLens PRO with Optics by Zeiss Wide-Angle Kit for the... 47 comments Apple Pay Negotiations Still Ongoing in Germany as Hints of Pending Italian Launch Increase 3 days ago on iOS Blog Apple is "working rapidly" to expand Apple Pay to additional countries in Asia and Europe, and there's increasing evidence and reports that suggest the service may launch in Italy and... 42 comments Satechi Launches Type-C Pro Hub for 2016 MacBook Pro With Ports for Thunderbolt 3, HDMI, SD, and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog Accessory manufacturer Satechi today launched a new $99.99 Type-C Pro Hub for the 13-inch and 15-inch 2016 MacBook Pros, featuring a total of seven ports to make up for the inclusion of only... 91 comments Google Allo Gaining Personalized Sticker Packs Generated Through Neural Network-Powered Selfies 3 days ago on iOS Blog Google this week announced an update coming soon to its iOS Google Allo app, which will introduce neural network-generated stickers that are personalized to match your own distinct look. The company... 16 comments U.S. Prosecutors to Investigate Uber's Alleged Theft of Waymo's Self-Driving Trade Secrets 3 days ago on iOS Blog A U.S. judge presiding over Waymo's trade-secrets theft lawsuit against Uber has asked federal prosecutors to investigate the claims in the case, it emerged on Thursday (via Bloomberg). U.S.... 20 comments Sleep Expert Who Worked on Apple's Night Shift and Bedtime Features Leaves the Company 3 days ago on iOS Blog Sleep expert Roy J.E.M Raymann, who joined Apple back in 2014, has left the company and moved on to SleepScore Labs, where he will serve as Vice President of Sleep Science and Scientific Affairs. ... 44 comments Microsoft's Windows 10 Fall Update Will Link With iOS for Easy App Switching Across Devices 4 days ago on iOS Blog At its Build 2017 conference this morning Microsoft announced that its upcoming Windows 10 Fall Creators Update will include integration with iOS, allowing developers using Microsoft Graph to link... 58 comments Review: BenQ's PD2710QC is the First Display With a Built-In USB-C Dock 4 days ago on Mac Blog Introduced in January, the PD2710QC from BenQ is the first USB-C display that comes equipped with an integrated USB Type-C dock, which offers an array of ports for MacBook and MacBook Pro owners. ... 18 comments • Linksys Debuts Its First 2-in-1 Cable Modem and Wi-Fi Router (41) • Chatbot-Like Siri Patent Includes Intelligent Image, Video, and Audio Recognition Within Messages (25) • TSMC Begins Production of A11 Processor After Initial Manufacturing Issues Resolved (33) • Steve Jobs Opera Coming to California and Washington After Santa Fe Premiere in July (19) • Jobs Biographer Walter Isaacson: Apple 'No Longer the Most Innovative Company' (162) • EA Announces 'The Sims Mobile' Coming Soon to iOS (19) • Apple Planning $1B Expansion of Reno Data Center [Updated] (13)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Rumor: Nintendo is Planning to Bring a 'Legend of Zelda' Game to Mobile After 'Animal Crossing' Dark Lord Eve - The TouchArcade Show #306 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Steredenn' 'Ace Racing Turbo' Soft Launched in Australia, Philippines, and Germany 'Clash Royale' Double Elixir Draft Challenge Will Run Until May 15th YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile’s perspective Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile’s perspective January 1, 2017 Peter Cao 6 Comments AirPods. It’s something that I’ve been talking about on the Apple Core podcast for some time. When they originally came out I expressed that I didn’t care for them whatsoever. Several months later, and several delays later the hype got to me. Something clicked. I’m not sure what it was but here I am, right? I am now writing a review for the AirPods, something I wrote off as soon as they came out. So let’s start with why I bought them in the first place. Well, to be fair, I got them because it was an Apple product and it’s my job to review these things. Admittedly, I had some interest in them. In terms of sound quality, I set the bar super low. While I didn’t write a review specifically for them, I absolutely hated the EarPods (both the 3.5mm and Lightning kind). Everything from the sound signature down to the fact that the cable kept forcing them out of my ear. For the last several years, I’ve given up on the EarPods as a whole. I’ve been using over-ear headphones ranging from the worst of the worst (the Audio-Technica ATH-M50), to some of my favorites (the Oppo PM-3). Again, here I am, writing an AirPods review. I also wrote an initial impressions of the AirPods a few weeks ago. Sound Quality If you’re looking to purchase AirPods to be blown away by sound quality, these are not for you. They’re bass heavy and that bass extension bleeds into the mids quite a bit. Treble is better than the EarPods, but they’re a bit recessed. For music, I’d highly recommend looking elsewhere. Though, Bluetooth and sound quality never mix. Personally, I would never use the AirPods intentionally for music, but they’ll get you by in a pinch. Point blank, don’t expect these to replace your high-end audio equipment anytime soon. For low-bitrate audio such as phone calls, audiobooks, podcasts, and things of that nature, AirPods are amazing. Don’t even bother trying to EQ these because it’s not worth it, seriously. AirPods are decent at any genre that has tons of bass and is dominated by bass. But try anything else, the bass will feel overpowering and overwhelming to most who care about sound quality. The other issue is that with tracks with little to no low end, the AirPods will sound abnormally tinny to the trained ear and the treble will then overtake the mid-range. It’s been a while since I’ve actually tried EarPods, but AirPods aren’t terrible. Obviously, sound will vary greatly depending on how well they fit in your ear. Soundstage is similar to the ATH-M50s in the sense that everything sounds very boxed in and lacks any sort of instrument separation whatsoever, though that’s expected from a set of earbuds with no real seal. Function The AirPods are amazing functionality wise. Everything from taking out one ear and having your audio automatically pause, to them automatically pairing when you put them in your ears. They’re awesome. The problem here is that they’re not 100% reliable. I’d say that these functions work 95% of the time, which may be good enough for most. When you take one out of your ear, there’s a noticeable half-second delay, and it sometimes doesn’t pair automatically when you take them out of the case and put them in your ear. It’s obvious that AirPods were built around the iPhone. When you open the lid, a card shows up on your iPhone telling you the battery life of the case and your AirPods. If you have one earbud in, it’ll show you the battery life of each individual AirPod. This automatic card is only available on the iPhone, and not on the iPad, (maybe the iPod touch, but who owns one of those?). On the Apple Watch, you can pull up Control Center, tap the battery icon, and it’ll show you the same information, but that’s not automatic. On the Mac is where it’s clear that AirPods weren’t designed for the platform. To view battery life on the Mac, you have to tap into the Sound menu bar icon and you see a battery indicator without the percentage. And lastly, on the Apple TV. While being a counterpart to iOS, tvOS doesn’t automatically pair like the rest of your devices. You have to go into Settings > Remotes and Devices > Bluetooth to pair these. Not the greatest. It’s also the only Apple platform that doesn’t have easy access to AirPods. On iOS and the Apple Watch, you can swipe up on Control Center, get to the media controls/AirPlay button and pair from there. On the Mac, you can go to the Sound menu bar icon and pair there, on tvOS you have to dig into Settings to do so. Unfortunately, I’ve found battery life indication to be extremely unreliable. It’s not that the percentages it gives out is inaccurate, that’s not the issue. The issue is trying to get the interface to show up at all. On the iPhone and iPad you can view the battery indicator in the Battery widget in iOS 10. However, I’ve found that it isn’t always there. Ideally, it’s supposed to show up if it’s paired to the device, but that’s not always the case. Most of the time, I have to put them back in its case and take them out a second time in order for it to show up. Same goes for the Apple Watch. The case that the AirPods come in are pretty great as well. It’s always charging the AirPods while in the case, and the case gives up to 24 hours of additional battery life for the AirPods. Remember, “up to.” In my personal experience, I’ve gotten around 15-20 hours of additional battery life which is fine. I have to charge the case every 2-3 days. Albeit, feels like the case takes forever to charge in comparison to the AirPods. The AirPods can charge from dead to 60% in about 15 minutes, that’s pretty awesome. But the case? It takes around 2-3 hours to fully charge and unless you’re charging the case overnight, this could feel like forever. Speaking of charging, it’s flat out annoying that the AirPods shipped with a Lightning to USB-A cable. Apple claims that USB-C is the future yet no Apple mobile device has shipped with a proper Lightning to USB-C cable in the box. Apple’s claim of 5 hours of battery life is pretty accurate as well. I’ve gotten anywhere between 4-4.5 hours which is right on the ball with Apple’s estimate. The microphones that are built into the AirPods are on a whole other level in terms of microphones on mobile devices. I was walking down a busy Seattle street the other day with tons of people walking by and engine-based cars stuck in traffic, yet, the person on the other end of the phone call could hear me just fine. That’s impressive. Using the microphones for Siri also works surprisingly well when Siri wants to work. And that brings me to my final point, the double tap gesture for Siri is awful. Maybe I’m not doing it right, but I’ve found that the gesture works about 40% of the time. I’ll keep it on versus changing it to Play/Pause (own an Apple Watch) or having it do flat out nothing. I originally thought, “Why not map out the gestures from the EarPods to the AirPods?” I now understand Apple’s decision. The gesture simply doesn’t work reliably enough to add any additional gesture. However, requiring an internet connection to do simple things such as adjusting the volume, is flat out insane. How well do they stay in the ear? For whatever reason this is the most asked question when people see me with AirPods. This isn’t an easy question to answer as everyone has different ear shapes. But for me, EarPods fit just fine and AirPods are the same. If anything the AirPods stay better in my ears due to the lack of wire. Initially, I was paranoid about them falling out of my ear and I kept pushing them back in every time I felt like they’d fall out of my ear. Though, that’s starting to slowly fade as I get more comfortable with them. I have yet to have them fall out of my ear at all. Conclusion While it may seem like I absolutely hate the AirPods, they’re by far my favorite Apple product of the year. They work reliably enough that it’s not super annoying. Sound quality will be adequate for any non-audiophile person. I’ll primarily use the AirPods for podcasts, audiobooks, phone calls, movies, and other non-music audio. While pairing with Apple TV is supper annoying, I primarily use it there because the Siri remote is able to adjust the volume of my AirPods. While it won’t be replacing my audiophile grade headphones, it’ll now have a place in my pocket on me at all times for when I need them. If you’re looking for a set of wireless Bluetooth earbuds, AirPods are the only ones I can recommend. While no promises can be made about Apple improving its software quality anytime soon, AirPods and the experience you get from them (that’s mostly due to the Apple designed W1 chip) cannot be matched. In the end, it’s silly to disregard sound quality in a set of headphones, especially from an audiophile. However, functionality wise, AirPods set a high bar for wireless headphones and is a truly innovative headphone, even though sound quality isn’t there yet. Tags: AirPods, review About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← iOS 10.3 beta 1 to feature new theater mode, debuts on January 10 Apple celebrates Chinese New Year with free Beats Solo3 with the purchase of any Mac or iPhone → Shane Andrew Gillespie Sorry, but there isn’t an audiophile in existence that doesn’t care about sound quality. So here’s my review: they sound the exact same (if not worse) than the $25 earpods. Is it worth $150 extra for a cool battery widget? jleetj What’s the point of having an audiophile’s perspective if sound quality is going to be ignored? All that was discussed in the review has already been mentioned in other reviews by non-audiophiles. s fr Ghey. Just say they suck and get it over with. blueghost211 “I’ve been using over-ear headphones ranging from the worst of the worst (the Audio-Technica ATH-M50)” Here is where I stopped reading. Lol Dr. Soham Patel The AirPods are amazing. Connect automatically with iphone when you open the case. Bass is more than wired earpods. But less than other in-ear earphones like bose, beats. Microphone is good, accurate and in both AirPods. Battery life is good as mentioned by apple. The biggest myth is that about falling of AirPods. It actually DOES NOT FALL ON WALKING, RUNNING, JUMPING. Do not trust the other website reviews about falling of AirPods. Fit is really good, you will not feel that wearing any device in ear. They are lightweight. Built is good. Double tap mechanism work nicely. You can use double tap to activate siri or play/pause. I feel that this is the only wireless earphones in market which PROVIDES GOOD MUSIC WITH BASS WITHOUT DAMAGING YOUR EAR. The other in-ear earphones available in market which can gives good bass but damages your inner ear in longer times. Only one disadvantage-You have to use siri for volume control and change the song. (You can use apple watch crown or iphone for volume.) Emmet Fitzhume Unqualified blowhard blogging bullshit. Nothing to see here. The AirPods sound great. I’m a university-trained musician, so I am qualified to make an assessment. Only problems i have are the look (I’d like space gray, please) and the price (sheesh). Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective6 iPhone 7 will now be officially available in Indonesia1 TSMC to start mass production on the 10nm A11 processor for iPhone 8 in April1 Today is the last day to purchase Apple's discounted USB-C accessories1 Apple to release new 10.5-inch iPad as soon as April1 Can it be cool to have a cracked screen?23 PhoneDog Moto X4 branding and other details leak out Flagship is to power as budget is to battery: Which one is best for you? Unlocked LG G6 goes on sale in the US T-Mobile LG G6 BOGO deal now available Google's Project Treble aims to make Android OS updates easier and faster Samsung Z4 debuts as the latest Tizen smartphone T-Mobile Galaxy S8 Buy One, Get One deal launching today Android And Me Google announces Project Treble to make Deal: T-Mobile offering BOGO free for Google Maps now shows Street View for Sony Xperia L1 now available with 5.5-inch Google Allo will turn your selfies into Tizen overtakes Android Wear in smartwatch TmoNews Sprint, SoftBank reportedly start informal T-Mobile LG G6 gets a BOGO deal of its T-Mobile officially launching Samsung T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S8 BOGO deal Deutsche Telekom CEO says wireless merger Alcatel A30 Tablet arriving at T-Mobile SoftBank CEO would ‘love to begin PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > iPhone 7 sells for Rs 39,999, Google Pixel for Rs 43,000 in crazy deals at Flipkart India Today Tech Last Updated: MAY 15, 2017 New Delhi Email Author This is arguably the best price we have seen on a current-generation iPhone in India. As part of its Big 10 sale, Flipkart is offering a massive discount of over Rs 20,000 on the base variant of the iPhone 7, selling it at an effective price of Rs 39,999. This price is after the flat discount and with consumers allowed exchange offers, for many the price could be even lower. To recall, the iPhone 7 was launched in India by Apple in late 2016. This is the first iPhone that comes with 32GB in its base variant. Other than the 32GB variant, the iPhone 7 is also available in 128GB and 256GB variants. Flipkart is also offering discounts on these two variants, with the iPhone 7 (128GB) being offered at Rs 50,999 and the iPhone 7 (256GB) carrying a new price tag of Rs 61,999. At the same time, discounts are also available on the iPhone 7 Plus, which is available for Rs 54,999 in its 32GB variant. In India the iPhone 7 was launched at a starting price of Rs 60,000 while the iPhone 7 Plus came with an MRP of Rs 72,000. The iPhone 7 is a phone with 4.7-inch screen with 960P resolution. It uses Apple A10 processor, comes with 2GB RAM and a quite impressive 12-megapixel camera. The phone, like other iPhones, uses Apple iOS processor. The iPhone 7 Plus, meanwhile, comes with a  5.5-inch FullHD (1080P) display. The iPhone 7 Plus also comes with a more impressive camera because it has two lenses. One of these lenses is a telephoto lens, which allows users to get close to their subjects or click images that have more tighter frames. The second lens in the iPhone 7 Plus also allows users to click more impressive portrait photos using the Portrait Mode built in the camera app on the iPhone. Also Read: iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus review: The best iPhones Apple has made It seems that May is the month of iPhone discounts, which are coming think and fast nowadays. Just a few days ago, Amazon was selling the iPhone SE and the iPhone 5S at special prices.The iPhone 5S was sold at Rs 15,999 while the iPhone Se was available at a price of around Rs 20,000. The iPhone sale was part of Amazon's Great Indian Sale. Big discounts are also available on other phones during the Flipkart sale. Of particular note is discount available on the Google Pixel, a phone that actually competes with the iPhone the Pixel is now available at a starting price of Rs 43,000 on Flipkart after a flat discount of Rs 13,000. Further discount is available to users under the exchange offers. Both the iPhone 7 and the Google Pixel are high-end phones with top quality hardware, although the software in both is different. While iPhone uses the iOS 10, the Pixel is powered by Android 7 aka Nougat. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Recommended Reviews LG G6 review: The dark horse Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: Good but not enough to beat the best Canon G9X II review: Best compact camera under Rs 30,000 in India Micromax Evok Note review: Not noteworthy enough Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ review: Cutting the edge and doing it in style VIDEOS Google I/O event: Google to announce a new OS? Rumour roundup: Top iPhone 8 features you should know about How to access your phone wallpapers in gallery on Samsung phones more Tech Tips Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India OnePlus 3 and Android Nougat: If you can't wait, get it manually in easy steps more Talking Points Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you Javed AnwerSnapchat fiasco shows India is not just poor but some Indians are also stupid more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Alphabet’s Waymo will partner with Lyft on self-driving technology Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon This high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Microsoft calls out NSA, CIA for ‘stockpiling of vulnerabilities’ after major ransomware cyberattack Paul Allen calls inaugural Upstream Festival a success with 30K attendees, 360 performances Inside a ‘secret show,’ Shins frontman James Mercer talks apps, musical inspiration and more Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of May 7, 2017 Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Seattle entrepreneur Matt Hulett joins Pioneer Square Labs to pursue new ideas in eSports The race for machine learning talent continues, as Apple acquires Madrona-backed Lattice Data GeekWire Calendar Picks: Explore art and science at Consilience; get feedback on your next great startup idea; and more Seattle Children’s Hospital to test new VR medical technology that could change the lives of patients Interview: Astronaut Mike Massimino looks back at Hubble – and looks ahead to space tourism Amazon says caller blocking for Alexa/Echo is coming, amid customer complaints Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions This Week in Seattle: AG won’t stop suing Trump, Amazon HQ to host homeless shelter, new bike shares ride into town Microsoft Build recap and analysis: Key takeaways from the big developer event The Week in Geek: A historic Echo-to-Echo call, a new direction for Windows, and tech’s ‘megalopolis’ GeekWire Deals: Build a beautiful website with SnapPages—no design experience needed Hip-hop star Macklemore on handling success, working with radio, and his loyalty to Seattle Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Welcome to the new West Coast ‘megalopolis:’ Diving into the complex relationship between Seattle and Silicon Valley Python in Seattle, JavaScript in NYC? Study reveals top coding languages across major cities Amazon to create permanent shelter for homeless families on its Seattle campus ‘You know who can afford a house in Seattle?’ Code Fellows pulls divisive ad touting software salaries Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Real estate lawyer sues Zillow, calls Zestimate a ‘tremendous roadblock’ to selling her home Trump signs cybersecurity executive order, mandating a move to cloud computing Go play near traffic! City of Seattle to officially open Arcade Park, as Pac-Man chomps pavement Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions Warren Buffett praises Jeff Bezos — but has one word for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares Elon Musk’s Tesla starts taking orders for solar glass roof tiles; delivery due this year Living on the edge: Microsoft prepares developers for shift to edge computing Why doesn’t Harvard want to talk about its mystery Microsoft Azure project? Amazon unveils $230 touch-screen ‘Echo Show’ and Alexa voice calling Former Bitly CMO returns to Seattle, creates VC fund to provide NW startups with more early-stage cash Amazon Music product leader explains why Alexa is only available in 3 countries so far Warning: Elon Musk posts dizzying views of his first tunnel boring tests in L.A. Microsoft PowerPoint’s new trick: Real-time language translation LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman: This is the common trait of every successful startup Trending: Paul Allen calls inaugural Upstream Festival a success with 30K attendees, 360 performances The race for machine learning talent continues, as Apple acquires Madrona-backed Lattice Data by Tom Krazit on May 13, 2017 at 5:06 pmMay 13, 2017 at 5:35 pm Comments   Share  4 Tweet Share  2 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! Data-crunching startup Lattice Data has been acquired by Apple, as the battle for machine learning talent continues between big tech companies. A source familiar with the company confirmed the deal, first reported by TechCrunch and sort-of confirmed by Apple with its standard acquisitions-related line: “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans.” TechCrunch reported that the deal cost Apple around $200 million. That’s the same amount of money that Apple shelled out for Seattle-based machine learning startup Turi, which was led by University of Washington computer scientist Carlos Guestrin and was acquired last summer. Apple is using the Turi acquisition to create a base of talent around artificial intelligence and machine learning in the Seattle area, where it has been growing its footprint. Interestingly, Lattice also has some Seattle roots. While based in Menlo Park, three of its founders — Christopher Re, Raphael Hoffmann, and Mike Cafarella — all went through University of Washington’s computer science program. The company was formed around a research project at Stanford called DeepDive, and it counts among its investors Madrona Venture Group. The Seattle venture capital firm also was a backer of Turi, so this marks the second positive outcome for the VC firm in the AI/ML arena. Lattice Data, which had reportedly raised $20 million from Madrona, GV  and InQTel, says its technology can organize unstructured data, like text and images, as “structured data” that can be measured and analyzed. It’s just another sign of the boom in artificial intelligence and machine learning talent, as companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Uber fight over the relatively small number of experts in the field. If you’re a computer science student trying to figure out what to study, AI and machine learning are the quickest paths to the big money right now. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at tom@geekwire.com and follow him @tomkrazit. Comments Share  4 Tweet Share  2 Reddit Email Previous StoryGeekWire Calendar Picks: Explore art and science at Consilience; get feedback on your next great startup idea; and more Next StorySeattle entrepreneur Matt Hulett joins Pioneer Square Labs to pursue new ideas in eSports Filed Under: Tech  Tagged With: Apple • artificial intelligence • Lattice Data • M&A • machine learning • Madrona • University of Washington GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Exclusive: Apple acquires Turi in major exit for Seattle-based machine learning and AI startup Apple execs explain why the tech giant acquired machine learning startup Turi Exclusive: Apple expanding its Seattle engineering center, making a big bet on artificial intelligence Why Apple bought Turi: Acquisition reflects tech giant’s broader push into AI and machine learning Previous StoryGeekWire Calendar Picks: Explore art and science at Consilience; get feedback on your next great startup idea; and more Next StorySeattle entrepreneur Matt Hulett joins Pioneer Square Labs to pursue new ideas in eSports Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Build a beautiful website with SnapPages—no design experience needed GeekWire Deals: A crazy-affordable waterproof camera to capture your summer adventures Most Popular on GeekWire Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Welcome to the new West Coast ‘megalopolis:’ Diving into the complex relationship between Seattle and Silicon Valley Python in Seattle, JavaScript in NYC? Study reveals top coding languages across major cities Amazon to create permanent shelter for homeless families on its Seattle campus Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. VP Digital ContentAllrecipes / Meredith Digital Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Monday, May 15, 2017 As of 4:55 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on May 15 2017 2:19 PM 0 0 0 0 IN PHOTO: An Apple Watch is shown during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. REUTERS/Stephen Lam The Apple Watch is apparently more than just an iPhone accessory or a fitness band. The smartwatch, together with the Cardiogram app, can reportedly detect one of the most common heart arrhythmias called atrial fibrillation. Not only that, the accuracy rate is pretty high, which makes it not only convenient, but reliable as well. The University of California in San Francisco conducted a new research and found out that the heart rate sensor of the Apple Watch can actually help in the detection of atrial fibrillation, which is a common cardiac condition that could lead to stroke. A deep neural network was involved to automatically make a distinction between atrial fibrillation and normal heart rhythm. An estimated 200 people with diagnosed paroxysmal atrial fibrillation participated in the research. Those who partook in the study were given a mobile electrocardiogram. They had to take at least one reading each day or whenever they experienced specific symptoms, including feeling lightheaded or suffering heart pains. The Cardiogram team utilised the data to train the deep neural network, then paired it with the Apple Watch heart rate figures to detect atrial fibrillation. The newly developed algorithm provided higher accuracy compared to previously validated methods. It was able to achieve an accuracy of 97 percent, with an atrial fibrillation detection sensitivity of 98 percent and specificity of 90 percent. Thanks to a collective effort, the Cardiogram team’s hard work is being shown at the Heart Rhythm Society. The developers are excited of what’s to come, and they are happy with the fact that consumer-grade wearables can now be used to detect conditions. With that in mind, the Cardiogram team is looking forward to more progress. They want to treat the disease, not just diagnose it. They’re hoping that in the near future, the app would be able to alert the user about heartbeat abnormality and offer a way to chat with a cardiologist. “After connecting you with a doctor, we will monitor the effectiveness of your treatment plan,” said the Cardiogram team. ‘[It] looks like your beta blocker medication is working, but loses effectiveness after 12 hours. Why don’t you increase your dosage?’ Using wearables, we can not only detect disease early, but can also guide patients down the road to recovery.” Apple is now into health and wellness more than ever. The Mac maker has also recently acquired Beddit and its sleep-monitoring technology. The tech giant is reportedly incorporating advanced health features and sleep-tracking capabilities into the Apple Watch and its future wearables (see related story below). RELATED STORIES: Apple to reportedly boost Apple Watch with newly acquired Beddit technology Apple products dominate: iPhone, iPad and Watch top respective charts, sell more than rivals Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs iPhone 7 Plus: Battery comparison [VIDEO] Apple iPhone 8 to launch in September, on sale in October Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Bruno Mars Australia tour 2018: Itinerary, ticket details 0 Shares 2 This company is giving away a free 'Outlander' tour 0 Shares 3 ‘Designated Survivor’ Season 2 confirmed 0 Shares 4 ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 full trailer soon 0 Shares 5 Google Pixel 2 concept design impress 0 Shares 6 OnePlus 5 Geekbench score shocks smartphone industry 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Out of this world performance’ 0 Shares 8 Rod Laver explains why Roger Federer can beat Rafael Nadal at 2017 French Open 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5 will blow socks off; Filming all wrapped up 0 Shares 10 Warriors vs Spurs Game 1 live stream: Western Conference Finals live streaming, preview 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer NT okays $800m Northern Gas Pipeline, Jemena poised to solve Australia's gas crisis Caltex Australia announces $20 million fund to compensate underpaid employees Gov't reveals cyber attack in Australian businesses is rising Telstra Wifi calling capability enabled for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy users More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Stats: Rafael Nadal wins record-tying 30th ATP Masters 1000 title with fifth Madrid Open crown Warriors vs Spurs Game 1 live stream: Western Conference Finals live streaming, preview Spanish Grand Prix live streaming: Watch Formula 1 online and on TV Rafael Nadal vs Dominic Thiem live stream: Watch Madrid Open finals online Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios finally gets a head coach Kawhi Leonard injury update: Spurs star unlikely for Game 2 on Tuesday More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Tekken x Street Fighter' may resume development Fitbit wearable specs revealed 'Red Dead Redemption 2' PC compatibility will not be announced soon Facebook denies targeting young Australians, Kiwis based on their emotional state Xbox One and Xbox 360 Deals With Gold until May 9 announced: ‘Street Fighter X Tekken’ and ‘DmC: Definitive Edition’ among the best deals Gaming writer Chet Falizek parts amicably with Valve, ‘Half-Life 3’ future bleaker More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Avengers: Infinity War' may introduce new generation of Avengers Marvel may re-acquire film rights with 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' James Gunn hints 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' release date ‘The Last Kingdom’: Exclusive interview with Alexander Dreymon '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect One more character may not make it to the second season of 'Riverdale' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Are Apple and Microsoft Trading Places? Anthony Caruana 15 May, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News This editorial was first published in our weekly newsletter. Subscribe to get Mac and Apple news delivered to your inbox each week. Fans of movies from the 1980s will remember the Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd comedy Trading Places. in that movie, the wealthy Winthorpe Duke, played by Aykroyd, is stripped of his wealth. In his place, Eddie Murphy’s character, Billy Ray Valentine is plucked from his life as a homeless street hustler and given all the wealth an privilege previously afforded to Duke. Never mind that the movie was completely stolen by veteran actors Don Ameche, Ralph Bellamy and Denholm Elliot – it tells the story when circumstances change and people adapt to new places. Apple and Microsoft find themselves in the same position today. Apple once was the Billy Ray of the tech world. Down on their luck, the company was on its knees, perhaps only weeks from total collapse. Microsoft’s Duke was in a position of power – fabulously wealthy and in control of a sprawling empire. Today, Apple is worth an incredible US$800B. And for the last decade has led the world in the intersection of technology and design. On the other hand, Microsoft’s dominance in desktop software has been usurped by mobile devices – something they never really mastered – and the software business they were built on has been turned on its head by the emergence of cloud-based solutions. But, like in Trading Places, the tide is turning for Microsoft. This week, they announced the newest member of the Surface computer family, the Surface Laptop. And they have the Surface Pro, Surface Studio for the desk, and the Surface Hub for the boardroom. Their software offerings are now excellent – I pay $119 each year for an Office 365 subscription and their hardware is very good. While tier hardware lacks the finesse of Apple’s, it is every bit as functional and surpasses Apple’s gear in some ways. I’ve been using a Surface Pro 4 for the last couple of weeks and being able to use it as a traditional notebook computer, and a tablet with pen input is very useful. I know I can do some of that with a MacBook and some with an iPad Pro but I can’t do both with one computer form Apple. At the conclusion of Trading Places, both Duke and Valentine come out on top with Valentine taking advantage of the circumstances of his recovery from a life lived in destitution and Duke learning a lesson about humility. I can’t help think that Apple and Microsoft are playing out a corporate version of Trading Places Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts ‘Apple will pay $20.3m’ to license Swiss Railway clock WWDC: The Apple Design Award winners Apple unveils updates for Logic 9 Express, Pro iPad 2 Security Wall Mount Apple sued over alleged MagSafe fire hazard Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Looking at alternatives to Apple’s apps Over the last couple of weeks, circumstances have dictated that I use a Windows 10 system for some of my work. For many tasks this makes little difference... Should Apple make a budget iPhone? At the start of last week, Nokia announced that they will be resurrecting one of their most popular phones ever – the 3310. (I know that what has... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide Western Digital My Passport and My Book hard drives Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Advertise Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
null
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Meet takes off without India, Xi Jinping says no harm to stability Violence across Bengal civic polls, Congress, BJP pull out Sofa, AC installed for Yogi Adityanath's visit to martyr’s family, removed after he left Pakistan army note hints at worry about India’s LoC response Banking consolidation 2nd wave: FinMin sees room for 3-4 more PSB mergers Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Flipkart’s Big 10 sale: Redmi Note 4, Apple iPhone 7, Moto G5 Plus and other deals Flipkart’s Big 10 sale: Redmi Note 4, Apple iPhone 7, Moto G5 Plus and other deals Flipkart's Big 10 sale is on, and here are deals on Redmi Note 4, Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 5s, Moto G5 Plus and more By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 15, 2017 10:59 am Flipkart’s Big 10 sale is going on and the company has a lot of offers on smartphones, including Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Apple’s iPhone 7 series, iPhone 5s, Google Pixel, Moto G5 Plus, Samsung OnNxt and others. Here’s a quick look at the top deals for today on Flipkart as part of the Big 10 sale. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale Xiaomi’s Redmi Note 4 will be on sale today on Flipkart at noon, and though there’s no special price announced yet, for those who’ve been waiting to grab this phone, this is a good chance to try out their luck. So far, the Redmi Note 4 has only been available online on the Mi.com every Friday, and even then the sale gets over pretty quickly. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 is available in all three versions: The 2GB RAM+32GB storage at Rs 9,999, the Rs 3GB RAM+32GB storage at Rs 10,999, and finally the 4GB RAM+64GB storage version at Rs 12,999. Flipkart hasn’t announced any special price for Redmi Note 4 yet, but it is offering cashback for those who make a payment via PhonePe wallet. However, the maximum cashback you’ll get is Rs 300 only, and this will apply only on the first transaction during the offer period. Xiaomi’s Redmi Note 4 will be on sale today on Flipkart at noon today. Cashback aside, Redmi Note 4 is one of the better mid-range phones in the market, thanks to the extra large 4100 mAh battery, a powerful Snapdragon 625 processor, and an overall performance that lives up to what the Redmi series claims to deliver. Apple iPhone   Flipkart is the authorised online reseller for Apple’s iPhone series, and the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus have a hefty discount during the sale. Apple iPhone 7 with 32GB storage gets nearly 26 per cent off on the price of Rs 60,000, and you can now get this phone for Rs 43,999. Apple iPhone 7 in black colour with 256 GB storage is available for Rs 61,999, which is a 22 per cent discount from the MRP of Rs 80,000 price, and the 128 GB version in Black colour is available for Rs 65,999. However, the jet black colour version of iPhone 7 with 128 GB storage is retailing for around Rs 50,999 on Flipkart, which is a pretty good deal. Apple iPhone 7 Plus is starting at Rs 54,999 which is nearly 23 per cent off from the Rs 72,000 original price, and the 256GB version of this phone is available at Rs 73,999.  Apple iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black is available at Rs 65,999 with 128 GB total storage, which is another good deal for those who have wanted this colour option. The iPhone 7 Red with 128 GB is available for Rs 66,000, which is a 5 per cent discount on the original MRP. Flipkart is the authorised online reseller for Apple’s iPhone series, and the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus have a hefty discount during the sale. The iPhone 5s is also available at a discount of Rs 15,499, and you can get another Rs 14,500 off on this phone under exchange. This is not a bad deal for those who want an iPhone under Rs 20,000, but remember the phone launched in 2013. Apple iPhone 6s is starting at Rs 33,999 for 32GB with another Rs 20,000 off if you have a good device to exchange for this. This is another worthy deal to consider, because you can get the 2015 iPhone for under Rs 30,000 if you have a working device for exchange. Google Pixel  Google Pixel XL is starting at Rs 53,999 with another Rs 29,000 off under exchange. Once again if you have a working device, you should be able to get this for under Rs 50,000 given the current discount offers. The smaller Google Pixel is available for Rs 43,999 with the same Rs 29,000 off on exchange. Google Pixel XL is starting at Rs 53,999 with another Rs 29,000 off under exchange. Moto G5 Plus The newly launched Moto G5 Plus has Rs 1,000 off on the price and is retailing at Rs 15,999 from the original price of Rs 16,999 with another Rs 15,000 on exchange. If you have an older Moto G4 Plus, you can get Rs 3,950 off on the final price, and pay Rs 12,149 on this phone. Flipkart also has a buyback guarantee of Rs 7,000 on this phone when you exchange for a newer phone later on. Though you will have to pay Rs 399 extra if you want this option. Flipkart Big 10 sale has a lot of discount on offers for budget phones like Lenovo, Panasonic, etc. Samsung OnNxt, J5 and J6 Samsung Galaxy OnNxt has Rs 3,000 off on the price, and you can get this phone for Rs 14,900. The device has 64GB storage space, 13MP rear camera, an 8MP front camera and a 5.5-inch full HD display. The battery is 3300 mAh on this phone. Samsung’s Galaxy J5 and J6 series have Rs 3300 off on the price. The 2016 edition of J5 is starting at Rs 9,990 under the discount scheme. Oppo F3, Vivo V5 series  Oppo F3, which is the selfie expert, has an exchange offer on the price. Users can get up to Rs 18,500 off on exchange, and 10 per cent discount with HDFC Bank Credit Cards. Similar exchange offers are available on Vivo’s latest V5 selfie series. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Flipkart Google iPhone 7 Samsung Xiaomi No Comments. Best of Express Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: Public hearings at ICJ today, India confident of trumping Pakistan EntertainmentRajinikanth meets fans after 8 years, talks about his drinking problem and how it affected his career EntertainmentSimran teaser: Kangana Ranaut gives serious Tanu Weds Manu vibes, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 box office collection day 16: SS Rajamouli film collects Rs 1330 crore worldwide EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna's Baahubali 2 Twitter blunder has a funny twist: 'Mam I'm Kattappa's son, Dad is really happy to see your tweet' Must Read SportsRCB taste a wooden-spoonful of consolation SportsRising Pune Supergiant take a giant leap SportsUP cops zero in on IPL betting racket ‘kingpin’ TechnologyFlipkart's Big 10 sale: Redmi Note 4, Apple iPhone 7, Moto G5 Plus and other deals TechnologyWannaCry ransomware attack: Here is how to save your PC, and what to do if you are affected TechnologyWannaCry ransomware: Everything to know about the global cyberattack LifestylePriyanka Chopra shimmers in blue at Baywatch world premiere in Miami May 15: Latest News La Liga: Real Madrid, Barcelona pick 4-1 wins to set up final day title showdown Madhya Pradesh: Three killed, 42 injured as bus topples in Dindori A glass of beetroot juice could lower BP, heart attack risk Drake takes Irish model Ava Van Rose on Boy Meets World tour for six weeks Drinking alcohol does not change your personality as much you feel                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews iPhone iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: A11 Chip, 3D Camera, September Launch Date and More By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 15, 2017 12:40 PM There is a high probability that most readers would have heard that the iPhone 8 might still get a September release. According to reports from last week, the tenth anniversary phone is about to go on mass production in the next couple of months. If that happens, there really is a strong chance that consumers might get a glimpse of the highly anticipated phone later this year. That said, there are other stuff that was reported about the iPhone 8 last week. While some may not seem quite important, they still deserve some amount of perusing and analysis. Starting off with the rumored production start for the Apple A11 chip. TSMC starts A11 SoC mass production According to a report last week, Apple chip maker TSMC have started the mass production of the A11 chip. This ARM SoC will be used on the iPhone 8. According to the same report, the semiconductor manufacturer initially planned to start the fabrication sometime last April. However, due to some unforeseen hurdles, the actual production was started a month later. iPhone 8 concept designs (via macrumors.com) This report came from Digitimes, a website which has been associated with the nitty-gritty side of electronic manufacturing. According to its sources, TSMC has received orders from Apple for the 10nm A11 chip. LG to supply 3D front-facing cameras Another bit of information for the iPhone 8 last week was the supposed sourcing of the 3D camera sensor from LG Innotek. This news came from The Investor also saying that the company has already setup a new plant to fulfil future orders from Apple. The initial figures reported for the deal is around 200 billion won or $178 million. According to the same report, the front-facing 3D camera sensor will be used in a variety of applications. Chief of which is facial recognition as well as other contents like games and augmented reality. It should be noted that the facial recognition feature of the iPhone 8 is slightly different from the one used in the Samsung Galaxy S8. The main difference being is that the latter uses a 2D sensor instead of a 3D version. iPhone 8 pricing A few months back, a number of analysts have predicted just how much the iPhone 8 is going to cost. There have been numerous debates as to how these analysts came up with their pricing. But nonetheless, most of these experts have agreed that the iPhone 8 will cost somewhere north of $1,000. This is said to be due to new features that will be added to the phone. Features including 3D facial recognition, embedded TouchID sensor and more. Some analysts suggested that there is a chance that Apple might consider lowering its profit margin for the iPhone 8. Analysts hope that it will start what is called the “commodity super cycle.” Alleged dimensions for tenth anniversary iPhone (by KGI Securities via macrumors.com) What this means is that there will be an increase in demands for iPhone 8 products, due to its new features. That said, increased demand may lower the price of the iPhone 8. Especially if Apple is able to deliver on the promised specs as well as keep the supply in-check. Of course, this nothing but hypothetical. There is no way of telling if the iPhone 8 will really take off on its first few months of release. Especially when the Samsung Galaxy Note 9s also due for release later this year. At the moment, analysts from Goldman Sachs suggest that the 128GB version of the iPhone 8 may be sold for around $999. Meanwhile, the 256GB version might fetch a price of $1,099. It is also quite surprising that the financial firm does not expect that said phone to come in a storage size lower than 128GB. On another note, an analyst from UBS predicts that there will be a 64GB version of the iPhone 8. Furthermore, this version of the phone will be priced somewhere between $859 and $900. It is worth noting that both the UBS and Goldman Sachs predictions seem to agree that the 128GB version will be priced around $1,000. In retrospect, these predictions are not really that far from the current price point of the iPhone 7 Plus. At the moment, the 256GB version of the iPhone 7 Plus is priced at $969. Underlining the key differences between the upcoming iPhone 7s Plus and the iPhone 8, the higher price on the latter is somewhat justifiable. Apple still on for September launch As stated earlier, it would seem that Apple is still on for a September launch for the iPhone 8. Reports from last week revealed that its Asian supply chain is gearing up for mass production. So far, TSMC and other component suppliers like Kinsus Interconnect, Zheng Deng Technology, and Simply Technology have already ramped up production of parts for the iPhone 8. In addition to this, known Apple contractors, Foxxconn, Winstron, and Pegatron, have already started training their new employees for the upcoming iPhone production. These companies have also finished setting up new assembly lines that will cater to the tenth anniversary phone from Apple. Render of iPhone 8 shell (via macrumors.com) According to reports, production may start sometime in July or August. Right now, Apple’s suppliers are working very hard to meet orders from the company. If all goes well, all the components needed for the iPhone 8 will be available sometime before the end of June. While there are roughly four more months until the rumored September launch, Apple is slowly getting pressed for time. After dealing with a number of issues for the wireless charging and display-mounted TouchID features, the next hurdle is to get the phone in production. Eventually, if Apple manages to pull through, consumers could be seeing the iPhone 8 later this year. Perhaps also, we might not even wait a long time before the first units ship out to consumers. Of course, this will be entirely dependent on Apple keeping track of its suppliers and contractors for the upcoming iPhones. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Samsung Applying for Galaxy Note 7R Safety Certification; Releasing Before Galaxy Note 8 iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: A11 Chip, 3D Camera, September Launch Date and More May 15th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:a11 chip, iPhone 8 Rumors, september launch date Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Lightning Port, Rear TouchID, Edge-to-Edge Screen & More iPhone 8 Rumors: iPhone 8 Wireless Charging Feature to Require Purchase of Additional Accessory iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple to Copy Note 7 Feature, iPhone 8 Expected to Have Iris Scanner Product ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station Samsung 850 EVO 500GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD (MZ-75E500B/AM) Razer Blade Stealth About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Injustice 2 Multiverse: What We Know So Far Hello Neighbor Alpha 4 Ending Letter Decoded, Here’s What It Means Overwatch Anniversary Event: New Cinematic Likely As More Clues Surface Online Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Injustice 2 Multiverse: What We Know So Far The Injustice 2 Multiverse mode is one of the more interesting additions in the... Death Stranding Could Deviate From Metal Gear Solid’s Storytelling In Several Ways The Metal Gear Solid series has been well-known for its intricate plot and memorable... Persona 5 English Script Could’ve Been Better, Says VA-11 HALL-A Dev Persona 5’s Western fans warmly received the English localization as its translation team did... Injustice 2: Damian Wayne Nightwing Confirmed, Might Be An NPC It looks like Nightwing will be in Injustice 2 after all, though we’re just... Injustice 2 Leak: All Premier Skins Revealed So Far We’re only a few days before the game’s official release, but another Injustice 2... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Capcom Overwatch Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Tablet Apple Expected to Unveil Siri Speaker and 10.5-inch iPad Pro in June By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 15, 2017 12:54 PM June is fast approaching and most Apple fanatics will know what it meant. In means that Apple will once again be hosting its annual Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, CA. While invites have been sent month in advance, there are rumors that Apple will use the event to unveil some of its newest products, chief of which it the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. 10.5-inch iPad Pro unveiling at the WWDC 2017 According to a report from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, there is a 70 percent chance that the Apple will unveil the rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro in the said event. His prediction is based on the fact that he expects the production for the new iPad Pro to start shortly before the actual event. He has said in numerous reports that Apple might start the production for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro sometime before the end of second quarter of 2017. New iPad Pro design Kuo described the 10.5-inch iPad Pro as an all-new design. The pronouncement has something to do with the rumors suggesting that the iPad Pro in question will have a micro-bezel display. Although the overall display size is bigger, the said tablet will still have the same form factor as the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. Unfortunately, as for the pricing, there are still a lot of unknown about the matter. However, some experts suggest that it will take the original price of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro while the latter will get a considerable reduction in price. 12.9-inch iPad Pro (via apple.com) The analyst also expects Apple to ship around 6 million units of the 15-inch iPad Pro this year. He also suggested that the new tablet will mirror the design of the iPhone 8, in that, it will also come with a bezel-less design. This means that when the tablet is release, consumers will have a very good idea of what the iPhone 8 may look like on its release. Siri Speaker to come too Kuo also predicted that, along with the new iPad Pro, Apple could also introduce the Siri Speaker. This new product is similar to the Amazon Echo or Google Home. The said device will provide a standalone Siri hardware for users. Users will be able to do what they can normally do with Siri on iOS and macOS Sierra. It is still unclear what the final product will be called. At the moment, reports revolve around the Siri Speaker naming convention. Furthermore, it is also a mystery if the device will feature a display screen just like the Amazon Echo Show. Nevertheless, rumour has it that it will be priced much higher than the Amazon echo and will feature premium audio quality. Amazon Echo Show via amazon.com) Other stuff to expect at WWDC 2017 Apart from the said hardware, this year’s WWDC will also introduce a number of software from Apple. Chief of which is the iOS 11 as well as macOS 10.13. Reports revealed that tvOS 11 and watchOS 4 will also make an appearance on the said event. For year, the WWDC event has been the venue for anything software related for Apple. However, there are a few occasions in the past where the event was used in unveiling a new hardware products from the company. Case in point is the 2012 WWDC which showcased the first Retina-display MacBook Pro. A year after that, Apple used the event to introduce the new design for the Mac Pro. For more tech updates, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: OnePlus 5 Benchmarks Appear on GeekBench 4; Beats Samsung Galaxy S8 on Multi-core Score Apple Expected to Unveil Siri Speaker and 10.5-inch iPad Pro in June May 15th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:10.5-inch iPad Pro unveiling, siri speaker unveiling, specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple iPad Pro 2 Update: Is June Launch a Possibility? OnePlus Confirms OnePlus 5 Launch Period; Goes on Pre-order Online Microsoft and Harman Kardon Team Up for Cortana Speaker Product Razer Blade Stealth Samsung 850 EVO 500GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD (MZ-75E500B/AM) ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Injustice 2 Multiverse: What We Know So Far Hello Neighbor Alpha 4 Ending Letter Decoded, Here’s What It Means Overwatch Anniversary Event: New Cinematic Likely As More Clues Surface Online Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Injustice 2 Multiverse: What We Know So Far The Injustice 2 Multiverse mode is one of the more interesting additions in the... Death Stranding Could Deviate From Metal Gear Solid’s Storytelling In Several Ways The Metal Gear Solid series has been well-known for its intricate plot and memorable... Persona 5 English Script Could’ve Been Better, Says VA-11 HALL-A Dev Persona 5’s Western fans warmly received the English localization as its translation team did... Injustice 2: Damian Wayne Nightwing Confirmed, Might Be An NPC It looks like Nightwing will be in Injustice 2 after all, though we’re just... Injustice 2 Leak: All Premier Skins Revealed So Far We’re only a few days before the game’s official release, but another Injustice 2... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Capcom Overwatch Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Acquires AI Company Lattice Data By Tyler Lee on 05/14/2017 18:49 PDT When Siri was first announced, Apple made a pretty big deal about it and its capabilities, but unfortunately Siri never did quite live up to all the hype. Apple has made quite a ton of improvements over the years, but in the meantime Apple’s competitors have since managed to get ahead of them with services like Google Assistant and Amazon’s Alexa. That being said, it seems that Apple is still trying to improve upon Siri because in a report from TechCrunch, Apple has confirmed that they have recently acquired a company called Lattice Data. If you’re unfamiliar with the company, we guess you can’t be blamed, but basically Lattice Data is a company that relies on AI to help understand “dark” data, such as images and text. The report from TechCrunch claims that Apple paid around $200 million for the company, which compared to other acquisitions isn’t really that big a sum. It is unclear as to what Apple plans to do with the acquisition, but reports are claiming that Lattice has been approaching companies to help enhance their AI assistants, which has led to speculation that the acquisition could be about enhancing/improving Siri. Apple is rumored to debut their own Siri-powered set of speakers next month which will compete against the likes of Google Home and the Amazon Echo series of smart speakers. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about ai, iOS and Siri. Related Articles 2017-05-14 Amex Skill For Alexa Launched 2017-05-12 Google Allo Can Now Turn Your Selfies Into Stickers 2017-05-12 Ads Could Soon Be Coming To Alexa Skills 2017-05-12 Lighthouse Is An AI-Powered Home Security Camera 2017-05-02 Fisherman Credit Siri For Saving Their Lives 2017-04-28 Apple’s Echo Competitor Will Reportedly Look Like A Mac Pro 2017-04-22 WhatsApp Update Now Lets Siri Read Your Latest Messages 2017-04-04 Apple Patent Hints At Voice Identification Feature For Siri Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss 2017 Might Be The Year The iMac Becomes A Revolutionary All-In-One Again Gadgets 2 0 0 May 14, 2017 2017 Might Be The Year The iMac Becomes A Revolutionary All-In-One Again Simon Alvarez Apple appears to be set on redeeming the majority of its devices this 2017. From the highly anticipated iPhone 8 to the expected improvements in the MacBook Pro, the Cupertino-based tech giant seems determined to make its devices better and much more competitive in the ever-growing tech market. If rumors prove correct, Apple would be setting its sights on the iMac as well, as the 2017 iteration of the device is widely rumored to feature huge improvements over its predecessors. Recently, Apple itself confirmed that it would be taking the professional market very seriously once more. In a statement to various reporters from a number of tech websites, Apple executives revealed the company’s plan of releasing a high-spec iMac later this year. During the press meeting, marketing head Phil Schiller and software engineering SVP Craig Federighi confirmed that before 2017 ends, an iMac with specs worthy of a “pro” moniker would possibly be unveiled by the tech giant, according to an AppleInsider report. In a lot of ways, the improvements to the iMac line are long overdue, as it has been years since the lineup was given a significant upgrade. Thus, for the 2017 iteration of the device, rumors are high that the Cupertino-based tech giant would be ensuring that the all-in-one would be able to perform on par with the best machines in the business, such as the Microsoft Surface Studio, a machine that has put the current version of the iMac to shame with its design and raw power. From the archives pt3: Modular iMac Pro Concept from 2012 https://t.co/Si3euac3lQ pic.twitter.com/0srCpsvdYE — Pascal Eggert (@iPeg86) April 10, 2017 In its statement, Apple discussed how research proved that 30 percent of iMac users utilize at least one professional-grade application once a week, mostly for media and software creation. The Cupertino-based tech giant even went further, stating that the iMac significantly outpaces the Mac Pro in sheer desktop sales, signifying a huge market that is ripe for the picking when the new and improved iMac 2017 finally gets unveiled. Even with the iMac being moved to the background during the past couple of years, Apple CEO Tim Cook has revealed that the all-in-one desktops have been able to sell really well. According to the CEO, the previous four quarters have seen revenue from the Mac line reach over $25 billion, further proving that Apple’s desktop market share is nothing to scoff about. “Our Mac business has generated over $25 billion in revenue over the past four quarters. We’re investing aggressively in its future and we are very excited about the innovation we can bring to the platform.” Concept of New Apple iMac @wylsacom #apple #imac pic.twitter.com/T6rYSCkoLq — Alexander Shepard (@AlXindustries) April 20, 2017 If recent rumors about the device are any indication, however, Apple definitely appears to be taking the development of an improved iMac 2017 really seriously. According to a MacRumors report, speculations are high that the upcoming desktop all-in-one would be launching with improved processors, better memory, and a better display. Initial rumors pointed to the idea of the top-tier iMac 2017 sporting an Intel Core i7 processor, though more recent speculations have pointed to the upcoming desktop being equipped with an Intel Xeon E3-1285 v6 processor instead. The Xeon chip is a powerful processor that would allow the iMac 2017 to surpass most of the competition in its class. Other speculated specs for the iMac 2017 are equally impressive, such as the addition of 16 to 64GB of ECC RAM and NVMe SSDs that are up to 2TB. Top-tier AMD Graphics chips, which are rumored to give the iMac 2017 VR capabilities, are also rumored for the device. Lastly, an improved Smart Keyboard with TouchID and TouchBar capabilities, as well as an upgraded Magic Mouse, are also rumored for the machine. The release date of the iMac 2017 remains unknown as of date, though speculations are high that the all-in-one would make its debut sometime around the last quarter of 2017. Pricing for the iMac 2017 remains unknown as well, though speculations suggest that the upcoming device would start at the same price point as its predecessor. [Featured Image by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images] Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, iMac, iMac 2017 April 5, 2017 Activision Plans ‘Call Of Duty’ Movie Universe Rivaling Marvel Studios, Easter Eggs Included April 5, 2017 Darksaber ‘Star Wars’ Story Suggests Mandalorian Blood Ties Between Obi-Wan Kenobi/Rey? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Punk Band PWR BTTM’s Album Release Derailed By Lead Singer’s Alleged Sexual Abuse Scandal ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
TRENDING CES 2017 Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Apple acquires AI startup Lattice.io – CNET Click On Roger Goodell To Support Great Video-Blog News Coverage At Zennie62.com Posted on May 14 2017 - 11:56am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 16 Related SoFi President Nino Fanlo to Leave Firm for Biotech Startup – Wall Street Journal (subscription) CNET Apple has acquired Lattice.io, a data intelligence company. James Martin/CNET. Apple has acquired data intelligence company Lattice.io, according to a TechCrunch report Saturday. Lattice.io uses machine learning to transform “dark data” such as … Apple Buys Artificial Intelligence Startup Lattice | Fortune.comFortune Apple reportedly acquired an AI startup for $200 million – Business …Business Insider Apple has acquired dark data startup Lattice Data for $200 MillionThe Tech Portal TechCrunch all 20 news articles …read more Source:: Startup Tech News From Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Las Vegas Stadium Authority Shares Parking Problem With NFL Oakland Raiders Warriors 113 Spurs 111 NBA Playoffs Historic WCF Game 1 - Livestream Kara McCullough Miss DC Is 2017 Miss USA Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege - Miss USA 2017 Warriors Beat Spurs 113-111 NBA Western Conf Finals Game 1 Happy Mother's Day Everyone Ben Shapiro Says Racist Things, Then Attacks Black Rapper For Calling Him Racist On Richard Spencer And Diversity "I Hear Echoes" Is Wrong Richard Spencer Is Racially Confused On American Race With Charles Barkley Oakland Raiders Ignoring Jobs For Blacks In Las Vegas NFL Stadium? Livestream Clark County Adds Parking Costs On Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium - Livestream Las Vegas Stadium Authority Meeting Update - Oakland Raiders Livestream http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Ask LH: Is Netflix Really Increasing Its Prices On Weekends? How Bad Credit Affects Your Love Life How To Buy Second-Hand Tech Without Getting Ripped Off Focusing On The Value Of Your Time Can Stress You Out Home Why Giant Ice Cubes Are The Only Cubes Your Home Bar Needs The Best Ways To Cook Expensive And Cheap Steaks 3-Ingredient Happy Hour: The Grapefruit Elderflower Mum-osa Will It Sous Vide? Plump And Juicy Duck Breasts Entertainment George R. R. Martin Is Probably Never Going To Finish A Song Of Ice And Fire Watch: Every Music Video From The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest How To Watch The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest In Australia Online And Free How To Turn Your Smartphone Into An (Almost) Nintendo Switch Travel Is It Legal To Drive With Headphones On? How To Choose Between A Backpack And A Suitcase For Travel Waze Now Lets You Record Navigation Instructions In Your Own Voice Find The Best US Cities For Craft Beer And Microbrews With This Tool Health 51 Ways To Lose Weight Don't Believe Anything This Bot Says About Pregnancy Nutrition How To Not Eff Up Your Partner's Mother's Day It's Official: No One Has Sex On Mondays Design Watch Apple's New Video Series On iPhone 7 Photography How To Take Selfies That Don't Look Like Selfies Aldi Is Selling A $499 3D Printer This Weekend Build Your Own Adobe Creative Suite With Free And Cheap Software Work Productivity The Body Is Not A Computer, So Stop Thinking Of It As One 30 Tips To Improve Your Google Searches [Infographic] We're Gianna Toboni And Isobel Yeung, Correspondents For VICE On HBO, And This Is How We Work Talking To Yourself Makes You Smarter, Not Crazy Communicate How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds The MP3 Is Officially Dead Stop Spam Calls Before You Kill Your Phone Google Allo's Selfie Stickers Are Cool, But Don't Get Too Excited Organise Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts 5 Start Ups That Fight Homelessness With Innovation Why We Continue To Use Crappy Old Apps Like Flickr YouTube Roundup: The Best Online Videos Of The Week Career 15 Signs You're Underpaid At Work 'Don't Be A Know-It-All; Be A Learn-It-All' The Artificially Intelligent Factory Robots Are Coming! Ask LH: How Can I Make My Workspace More Inspiring? Business Travel Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Zones Provides Easy Time Zone Conversion On The IPhone Here's The Pricing For Qantas' Direct Flights To London Ask LH: Which Visa Does My UK Girlfriend Need To Work In Australia? Security How To Permanently Delete Files Off Your Hard Drive [Infographic] How To Avoid The WannaCry Ransomware Attack Get Ready For Persirai: Like Mirai But Worse Popular Mac App Developers Issue Urgent Malware Warning Small Business & Startups How To Amazon-Proof Your Business Adopting The Wacky Habits Of Celebrity CEOs Won't Fix Your Work-Life Balance How To Make Business Decisions Like Sir Richard Branson Small Business Wins In Budget 2017 With $20,000 Instant Asset Write-Offs IT Pro Cloud Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Megaport Boosts Trans-Pacific Network Capacity Amazon Announces EC2 Price Cuts How To Access Your Files On Your Mobile Device IT Career IBM's Advice For Hiring Managers Deals: Because Every Job Can Benefit From Project Management Training Age Bias Isn't Just About Older Workers Would You Trade Money To Work From Home? IT Security WannaCry Is What Happens When You Don't Patch Or Update Software WannaCry Ransomware Explained By An Aussie Security Expert Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Abandoned Wordpress Plugins Can Make Your Site Vulnerable Developer Time To Update SourceTree: 'Critical' Vulnerability Found In URI Parsing Windows 10 S, Project Centennial and Developers Optus And World Vision Team Up For Innovation Challenge Deals: Grow Your Programming Skills With This Massive Course Bundle Deployment Review: Synology RT2600ac Router Apple Acquires Lattice Data As Their AI Ambitions Grow Opera Makes Song And Dance About New Features Hands On With The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Servers Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers 51 Ways To Lose Weight Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds The MP3 Is Officially Dead Apple Acquires Lattice Data As Their AI Ambitions Grow Anthony Caruana May 15, 2017, 10:30am ⋅ Filed to:  ai apple Australian Stories Share Image: Getty Images There's a report over at TechCrunch that Apple has let some of the pocket change from their $250B bank balance slip out. They've picked up Lattice Data, an AI-focused business that takes all that messy unstructured data out there and converts it into useful information. Of curse, the $200M asking price is a mere pittance to Apple but it's still a significant investment. With Google, Amazon, Microsoft and others all ploughing dollars and effort into creating digital assistants and concierge services and devices, Apple has been left in the dust. Siri might have been cool when she first told us how to hide a body or divide zero by zero, but she's looking decidedly behind the times. Apple's typical model when acquiring another business is to shutter it and move the people into their fold. They did the same recently with Beddit - a sleep monitoring app signalling that they plan to add some new features to the Apple Watch. It's unlikely Apple will rush Lattice Data's research into anything we'll see announced at WWDC in a few weeks. WATCH MORE: Tech News Also on Lifehacker Is It Cheaper To Buy A Samsung Galaxy S8 On A Plan Than An iPhone 7? Is It Cheaper To Buy The Galaxy S8 Outright Or On A Plan? The Best NBN 50 Plans (From ISPs You’ve Never Heard Of) Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now WannaCry Ransomware Explained By An Aussie Security Expert Logan Booker 15 May 2017 7:00 AM There's been so much noise regarding the "WannaCry" ransomware that it can be difficult to get a straight answer about what it does and how to fix (or avoid) it. Fortunately, Gold Coast-based Microsoft security MVP Troy Hunt has been able to shed some light on the situation for those in the dark. How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds Chris Jager 15 May 2017 11:30 AM Telstra has announced it will start reimbursing customers after failing to deliver on promised NBN speeds. The telco has blamed the different technologies behind the NBN for the inconsistent speeds. Here's how to get your refund. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Deals: Because Every Job Can Benefit From Project Management Training Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Deals: Grow Your Programming Skills With This Massive Course Bundle Trending Articles 1 WannaCry Ransomware Explained By An Aussie Security Expert 2 How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds 3 51 Ways To Lose Weight Robots Are Replacing Auto Workers In China Now Too Some HP Laptops Came With A Keylogger Pre-Installed New Poster Gives A First-ish Look At Okja's Titular Creature Chris Harris Thinks Porsche Spoiled The New Boxster By Making It Better Get Alan Wake Before It Disappears Marvel's Cancelling Black Panther & The Crew, One Of Its Most Important Comics Right Now Metabox Alpha's N850HK: Plenty Of Bang, Not Much Buck Report: Nintendo's Making A Mobile Zelda Game Is It Legal To Drive With Headphones On? Why Giant Ice Cubes Are The Only Cubes Your Home Bar Needs IBM's Advice For Hiring Managers How To Permanently Delete Files Off Your Hard Drive [Infographic] The ANZ Bank says the new levy will mean lower shareholder returns Labour MPs quietly believe the party will lose 120 seats in the general election Brits are going to get much poorer this year AUSTRALIAN STOCKS GO NOWHERE: Here's what you need to know © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 26, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on San Francisco — Apple today announced powerful new Siri capabilities, single sign-on for Apple TV and many more great new features for users, making the entertainment experience in the living room even better. With expanded Siri capabilities, including searching across even more apps, YouTube search, topic search and tuning right into more live channels, customers can get to their favorite content even faster. The future of TV is apps, and with single sign-on customers can authenticate all the video channels from their pay-TV providers by simply signing in once to enjoy all of their network-TV apps. “The future of TV is apps, and Siri on Apple TV has changed the way we interact with our television and these expanded features will continue to deliver viewers what they want to watch even faster,” said Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. “There are over 6,000 apps to enjoy on your Apple TV including over 1,300 video channels, which are even more fun to watch with the new Siri features combined with single sign-on.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Next PostNext Global Apps for Earth campaign with WWF raises more than $8M Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Record First Quarter Results Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Invests $200 Million In Corning Rishabh Jain International Business Times May 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Autonomous vehicles have the potential to upend the transportation and technology industries.More Apple announced Friday that it will be investing $200 million in smartphone glassmaker Corning as a part of its $1 billion advanced manufacturing jobs fund aimed to promote U.S. job creation. On paper, while the investment might sound like one of the company’s many ventures, but according to analysts, Apple might have made the investing, not just for job creation, but for the furtherance of technologies for its upcoming products. Read: Apple And AR: Company Reportedly Teaming Up With Carl Zeiss For Augmented Reality Glasses Corning, for the uninitiated, is the largest smartphone display glass brand and the company behind Gorilla Glass. The company stated that its investment would “support Corning’s R&D, capital equipment needs, and state-of-the-art glass processing.” Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz told CNBC that the investment might be targeted at Apple’s move away from a metal frame in its previous iPhones to a glass one in iPhone 8. Switching to a glass frame is essential for the device and for the company’s rumored long-range wireless charging concept. “Metal can interfere with wireless charging technology,” Uerkwitz told CNBC. “That means you need glass on the back of the phone, but glass that won’t break. Or you need to use ceramics. Corning has a long history of investing in both glass and ceramics.” Another analyst, Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights stated that the investment might be more than what it seems – Apple might be looking to partner with Corning to develop glass for its Snapchat style AR glasses, another rumored upcoming product. Moorhead states that the companies are working together to develop a special glass that magnifies visuals to deliver a proper augmented reality experience. “You need specialized glass in the headset, glass that properly magnifies the 180-degree experience of AR. Also, that glass has to be really light. Corning could develop that for Apple,” Moorhead said. Both technologies have previously surfaced in rumors, leaks and even the company’s own patent filing. Read: iPhone Wireless Charging: Apple Wants You To Charge Your Device Via Wi-Fi In The Future In April, Apple filed a patent with the U.S. patent and Trade Mark office for long-range wireless charging, which would let you charge your device over Wi-Fi. The patent called ‘Wireless Charging and Communications Systems With Dual-Frequency Patch Antennas’ illustrated a way to transfer power to devices over data communication frequencies. The company could reportedly use a ‘smart connector’ accessory, which might help users charge their iPhones over Wi-Fi. The AR Glasses too, even though they currently sound far-fetched might be launched by the end of the year. Apple has reportedly augmented reality expert Jeff Norris from NASA’s Jet propulsion Lab to help with the development of the product. A report published in March said that Apple had hired 1,000 engineers to work on the project in Israel. The technology might also be featured on the company’s upcoming iPhone 8.  Apple has also reportedly engaged glass maker Carl Zeiss to make a frame for the glasses, a report said in January. Related Articles Siri To Get Galaxy S8's Bixby Vision Like Feature? Apple Watch Could Help Heart Patients: Study Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Businesses brace for Monday as ransomware threat lingers Reuters Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack Associated Press Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Reuters The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists finally have a decent guess as to why Earth exists BGR News
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/14/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/14/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Big Tech Earnings: Digging Through Apple and Facebook's Results Two Fools take a look at some of the most important numbers from two of the biggest tech companies' earnings calls. Evan Niu, CFA and Dylan Lewis (TMFNewCow) May 14, 2017 at 6:44PM Earnings season is in full swing, and earlier this month, two of the biggest tech companies, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) reported their quarterly results. In this episode of Industry Focus: Tech, Motley Fool analyst Dylan Lewis and senior tech specialist Evan Niu, CFA, dive into the highlights from the reports. Listen in to find out which segments are growing Apple's top line the most and which segments are flagging; what it means that Facebook is planning to report on a GAAP-only basis in the future; how both companies are executing on their long-term growth strategies; and more. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 5, 2017. Dylan Lewis: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Friday, May 5, and we're talking big tech earnings and wrapping up Puzzle Week. I'm your host, Dylan Lewis, and I'm joined on Skype by fool.com senior tech specialist Evan Niu. Evan, what's going on? Evan Niu: We thought last week was busy. This week was really busy with the earnings. Lewis: Yeah, back-to-back earnings episodes for us. And this is your favorite episode of the quarter. We're talking Apple earnings. I guess we'll work our way into Facebook, too, but I know this is one you always look forward to. Niu: Of course. Lewis: For listeners who have been following us all week on the episodes, we have the final clues for Industry Focus Puzzle Week at the end of the show, so make sure you stay tuned after we wrap up all of our earnings talk. Safe to say it's a jam-packed show here today. Evan, why don't we get right into the Apple discussion? Apple reported what looks like a pretty decent quarter. Revenue for the second fiscal quarter totaled $52.9 billion. EPS came in at $2.10 a share. The company sold 50.8 million iPhones. You look at what estimates were and what people were expecting, just under expectations with revenue, they actually beat on EPS and missed a little bit on iPhone unit sales. What did you make of this quarter? Niu: I think, as far as those headline numbers, it was pretty much in line with expectations. Plus or minus a little bit on some of the metrics, but no big surprises one way or the other. In terms of iPhone sales, I don't think investors were too shocked one way or the other. Of course, anytime you hear iPhone sales less than expected, the stock sells off automatically because people always freak out about the iPhone. But, Apple is so big at this point that it's really hard to put up a big earnings beat anymore these days. Lewis: We touched on units there. Thankfully the iPhone ASPs were up -- average selling price. They hit $655, which is up from $642 a year ago. It seemed like that was really thanks to a stronger mix, people buying at the higher price points for the different form factors they offer. You have that going on, which helps them make up the revenue for that segment. Do you have anything on why they might have missed on the unit side, anything related to future products releases or something like that? Niu: [CEO] Tim Cook talk to little bit of that, there does seem to be an impact on all the rumors. Of course, iPhone rumors are always there every day. But, I think this year's cycle, the expectations are so high and there's so many rumors that it's a particularly intense cycle, the speculation that's going on -- people are waiting. Plus, if you think about it, this is the first time they've ever used the same iPhone design for the third year in a row, so the design is getting a little long in the tooth. This original design was unveiled in 2014. Of course, people like new things. I think those two factors are probably hurting unit sales a little bit, because people are waiting. Even for me personally, I didn't buy the iPhone 7 because I didn't think it was that great, which is the first time I hadn't upgraded in eight years. If even me, who's one of the biggest Apple fans out there, doesn't buy it, you have to wonder who else isn't buying it. So, people are really waiting for the next one. Of course, I'm very excited to get the next one, whatever it is. But yeah, I think there are a couple things that are holding back. Like you mentioned, ASPs were up, which was nice. The 7 Plus was finally in supply demand balance. Last quarter, they misgauged how much to produce and where demand would be focused. It turns out it's really heavily skewed toward the 7 Plus, and they didn't really plan very well, and they admitted that. It was up year over year, but down a little bit sequential. Last quarter, ASPs for iPhone was $695, almost $700, so a little bit of a sequential down tick there, but nothing too concerning, because the point being, people are still loving that big 7 Plus, and that thing is super expensive, so that's helping drive their selling prices overall. Lewis: And also to get into the mind of consumers here a little bit, you talked about how the form factor didn't really change all that much year to year. They made one major overhaul, which was the change to the headphone jack. So, you're asking people to make a major change in how they consume content, or maybe switch over and do use the adapter there, and a lot of people might have said, "The updates to the phone itself aren't compelling enough for me to make that change." Niu: Right. I didn't think there were any big headline features last year. Even the prior year, with the success, the big feature was 3D Touch, which, I think over time was underwhelming. In the past few years I've actually used it, it's not a feature you use every day. It's kind of nice, but it's not a game-changing interface thing, and I think it's kind of underwhelming. So, last year, there wasn't any big feature that was like, "I have to have this phone." I think the dual-camera system was probably the biggest selling point, but that's only on the 7 Plus. For people like, for example, myself, I don't like gigantic phones, and the 5.5 inch screen I think it's just too big. I would like to have that dual camera system, but I'm not willing to go up to the bigger phone that also costs more just to get that camera. As far as the regular 7 goes, there wasn't any huge upgrade that made people go out and say, "I need to get this phone right now," whereas hopefully the next one -- of course, there's a million rumors right now -- it sounds like the next one will be a pretty big upgrade. It'll be the 10th-generation phone, it'll be a pretty big milestone and you can bet that Apple will make a pretty big deal about it, both in terms of marketing and also all the features they're going to try to stuff in there. Lewis: Switching over to a segment that seems to be on fire in recent quarters, services revenue jumped 18% to $7 billion, and it has been Apple's second-largest revenue stream just behind the iPhone. That's pretty awesome, and I think it's been underappreciated for quite some time. I think the market is starting to wise up to this pretty significant and very high-margin part of Apple's business. Niu: Right, I definitely think that's what's happening, in particularly if you think about the historical context of the services business. If you go back maybe five years, Apple's whole approach to content, services, and things like that was to basically break even, and offer these things as a way to build its ecosystem and solidify retention period -- it was more of a strategic piece than a profit piece. They used to operate all their storefronts -- they don't really break it out as far as exposures, but they used to very publicly say, "We're really just trying to break even on this stuff. It helps people use the phones and buy the phones, but we're not trying to make a whole bunch of money on it." I think now, that's very much swapped around, because now they are very much making quite a bit of money on these services, and it is becoming a big profit driver. I remember last quarter when we talked about earnings, we mentioned how their guidance had called for a small uptick sequentially in gross margin. We talked about [how] that's really hard when you're coming off of a holiday quarter, when your revenue comes down from a seasonal factors, you lose a lot of operating leverage, all these things, and it's like, how are they going to actually put up an increasing gross margin? Now we know why, the answer is services, because services are so profitable. CFO Luca Maestri very much said, the mix shifting toward services is really helping profitability. They did put up a sequential increase in gross margin, some 40-odd basis points. I think that's really impressive. That's really the services profitability shining right there. So, four out of the past six quarters, it's been the second-largest business. But, greater than the Mac or the iPad, the iPhone is the only thing that's bigger. So, this is really becoming a very big, large, meaningful business, both in terms of revenue as well as profitability. This is now a $26 billion business on a trailing-12-month basis, and it's also much more profitable than the hardware operations. I think investors aren't fully appreciating it, and I don't think you'll be able to ignore it for very much longer, because like they said last quarter, they're going to try to double this business over the next four years. It's only going to keep growing from here. Lewis: And it's something that really only continues to grow and get stronger the larger their installed base gets. As they continue to penetrate new markets, services is going to be another tailwind that follows all those iPhone unit sales. It's kind of an add-on in some ways, but also, because it's so profitable for them, certainly something to continue to watch. I think a lot of people are curious as to what's going on with wearables in Apple. We hear so much about the Apple Watch and you see tons of people wearing them. Any updates on that product segment? Niu: They dropped a few clues. Of course, they obfuscate Apple Watch sales within the "other products" segment. They did say that Apple sales were up roughly double, but without having any context, who knows what that means. Lewis: It's a meaningless number. Niu: Yeah, two times? OK, thanks, Tim [Cook]? But, what they did say is, wearables -- it's kind of weird, I'm not sure why they do this, but Apple considers AirPods and wireless Beats headphones as wearable products. I know that technically, wireless headphones are wearables, because you wear them. I'm wearing wireless headphones right now. But, I don't think headphones are what people think of, when you hear the term "wearable technology," you don't jump to headphones. You think about smartwatches and fitness trackers and things like that. He did say that the wearables business is now the size of a Fortune 500 company, which means it's at least $5.1 billion over the past year. With AirPods only recently launching, and it's not clear how much they're bringing in from Beats wireless headphones, but I think it's safe to say that the majority of that revenue is from Apple Watch. So, that's kind of a hint. But, again, they're not really giving away too much, as usual, which is really frustrating. But, maybe eventually, one day, they'll start breaking that out. It's weird, because they've always said, "We don't want to give it away for competitive reasons," but competition in smartwatches is actually declining. People are getting out of the smartwatch market. And there haven't been a whole lot of really strong product introductions. So, competition is actually getting easier. So they should just share the numbers. [laughs]  Lewis: Yeah, it's still tough to parse out what's going on there. I think one place that the company has been super clear, though, is its capital return program. They obviously made some new announcements related to that. Do you want to touch on that, Evan? Niu: Every March or April, basically this fiscal second-quarter earnings, this is now, every year, this has become the traditional schedule, that's when they provide updates to the capital return program. This year, the update was pretty in line with previous years. It's a total increase of about $50 billion, and they're allocating most of that to share repurchases. About $35 billion is going toward share repurchases, the other $15 billion going toward dividends. Their shares repurchase authorization is going from $175 billion to $210 billion. To date, they've purchased right about $151 billion. They have about $60 billion of authorization that will last them until next year. And the overall size of the increase this year is pretty much in line with historical standards, yet, at the same time, their cash continues to grow to ridiculous, unheard-of levels. On a gross basis, they're now sitting on over a quarter-trillion dollars in cash. Of course, the vast majority of that is overseas, and that's before you factor in the net debt they've been raising. They actually just raised more debt this week. But, they have so much cash, and even though they're very aggressive at giving it back, they generate it so fast that they still add to their pile of money every quarter. Of course, the big challenge with trying to do more with that is the whole repatriation thing. Maybe the Trump administration will actually have some type of holiday. There's been a lot of talk about that. But at this point, it's still pretty uncertain, if that will happen sometime. If there is a one-time repatriation deal, either deemed repatriation or a one-time thing, I do think Apple would take that opportunity to bring quite a bit of cash back. But, at the same time, I think we have to acknowledge that the majority of their capital needs are actually outside of the U.S. Lewis: Because that's where a lot of the manufacturing and all the tooling is, right? Niu: Right, that's a big piece of it. The majority of their capital expenditures is for product and tooling equipment. This equipment is installed at contract manufacturers in Asia. It's their equipment, but they are putting it in their partners' facilities, which are all located international. Plus, on top of that, in terms of retail store expansion, the U.S. retail network for Apple stores is already pretty mature. Over the past few years, they've been really focusing on growing the footprint internationally. Those stores are pretty expensive, especially when you think about how nice Apple makes the stores. They use really high-quality materials. They put a lot of money into their stores because that's the way they want to make the experience. So, between increasing retail footprint internationally and the fact that the majority of the capital expenditures are concentrated in Asia, they do need to keep quite a bit of money out internationally. But, obviously, they don't need anywhere near $230 billion internationally, that's just ridiculous. So, I do think there's an opportunity to bring some back if you get a repatriation holiday. Maybe, as far as what they would do with it, pay down some of the debt to restrengthen the balance sheet, maybe a special, one-time dividend. I'm not a fan of the whole "make a huge blockbuster acquisition" idea, which some people like to talk about. I think that would be kind of irresponsible. But, we'll see what happens. It really hinges on this idea of a tax repatriation, because that would allow them to really bring back more and either give it back or do something more productive with it. Lewis: Yeah, I think that will probably be one of the biggest stories to watch in 2017 for Apple and the Trump administration. You touched on the dividend a little bit. It's worth noting here, they did boost their quarterly dividend payment 10.5%, it is now $0.63 per share. Now, Apple is the world's largest dividend payer, it just passed ExxonMobil, which is just another fun tidbit about the scale of their business and how quickly they are printing cash. Niu: Yeah, I think they're estimating it at $13 billion a year, which is the size of medium-sized companies, just in dividends. Lewis: Yeah. Evan, anything else before we switch things over to Facebook, on Apple? It seems to me like this kind of a humming-along, boring quarter for this company. A lot of the intrigue for Apple in 2017 would come with a tax repatriation holiday, or when they actually show what the next model of the iPhone looks like. So, it's kind of a wait-and-see quarter for investors. Niu: Yeah, this quarter seasonally isn't really too exciting. Obviously, the fourth quarter, the holiday quarter, that's where the more exciting stuff comes in. So, yeah, I agree, it's kind of more of the same, executing very well. I think the services piece is probably the most important thing that we talked about. Other than that, overall, a pretty solid quarter. Lewis: All right, switching gears over to Facebook. Facebook's top line came in at $8 billion, up 49% year over year. EPS came in at $1.04 versus expectations of $0.87 a share, so a handy beat right there. Of that total top line, advertising revenue was $7.9 billion, 85% of which came from mobile. This is and always has been an ad-driven business. I think if you want to highlight just how well Facebook has transitioned to mobile, think about that number and then think about the fact that in Q1, average price per ad was up 14%, and the total number of impressions was up 32%. Last week, we talked about the ad dynamics with Twitter, and they were both not going in that direction. The idea of average price per ads going up would be something that Twitter would love right now. Niu: Yeah, they're crushing it on the mobile side. If you look on a trailing-12-month basis in dollar terms, mobile ads are now a $25 [billion]-$26 billion for Facebook. That is just incredibly impressive, considering the fact that five years ago, they had basically nothing. They've really worked hard to grow that business. They always disclose percentage, but I like to crunch the numbers and look at them in dollar terms: $25 [billion]-$26 billion. It's funny, because that's what Apple's services business is now, and that's a side thing for Apple, but it's Facebook's core business right now. But it's growing so fast. It continues to really drive higher, like you mentioned, ad prices are going up. I think demand for Facebook ads is outstripping supply, particularly for what they're trying to do with the ad load, and improve the user experience. Ad prices are going up, and they're putting up really strong numbers, it's really hard to not love what they're doing. Lewis: That's really backed up by all of the ad industry research that I read about digital ad spend. It's Google and Facebook that continue to eat up market share, and it comes at the expense of a lot of the smaller platforms. They just seem to get stronger and stronger. And some of that is definitely fueled by what's going on on the user side for them. Monthly actives now total 1.9 billion on Facebook, which is good for 17% year-over-year growth, and roughly 1.3 billion, or about two-thirds of those, are coming to the platform every day. It's baffling that they can put up that type of double-digit percentage growth on a denominator that is already in the billions. Niu: Yeah, it's incredible how much their user growth keeps...I think, on a sequential basis, monthly actives were up 78 million. That's a third the size of Twitter, and they just added that in a single quarter. I think the ratio of dailies to monthlies is pretty much always held constant right around that two-thirds level you mentioned. So, yeah, no big changes in terms of the engagement front there, which is interesting because, like we talked about last week, Twitter's engagement is going up. If you look at, directionally, dailies versus monthlies, whereas Facebook is holding flat. That's not necessarily a bad thing, because Facebook is a much bigger platform. I think there's a different use case for it. And, obviously, they're putting up much better financial numbers than Twitter. They have so many platforms now, too, that each platform individually continues to crush it, and Facebook has four or five of them. I think investors would be happy about any one of these platforms doing well, but they're killing it on literally all fronts. Lewis: Yeah, it's funny to think about a platform that put up double-digit year-over-year growth, and have that be the mature platform in their portfolio. But, you look over at Instagram -- Instagram has 700 million monthly actives as of this quarter. A year ago, that number was 400 million monthly actives. That is insane growth that it's posting. You look at the Instagram Stories feature, which is kind of a Snapchat mimic type thing they rolled out recently, that already has over 200 million daily active users. It already has the daily active user base of Snapchat, despite being an add-on feature to a platform that already has 700 million monthly actives, which is just baffling. Niu: Right. They also have the WhatsApp Status, which is basically the same thing, it's ephemeral photos, videos, gif images that disappear. On WhatsApp Status, they have 175 million daily actives there, too, which is also bigger than Snapchat. Again, they have all these platforms that are just growing. That 2 billion monthly active number they're approaching on the core platform is only for the core platform. I think I would like to see Facebook starting to report more detail on these other platforms because they're becoming so big and important. They give these infrequent updates through blog posts and stuff like that. But as far as a quarterly basis, I think that would be very useful for investors, to start breaking it out. I know they acknowledge that they haven't yet because they're still selling Instagram ads through the same core interface as Facebook. But, I think, from an investing perspective, that would be really useful, to better gauge the progress of each of these platforms, particularly the smaller ones. Even if they haven't turned on the monetization bit yet, I think having operating metrics would be really helpful.  Another interesting thing to touch on while we're talking about reporting is that they've now announced that they're going to move away from non-GAAP reporting, and only report on a GAAP basis. I think that's a pretty strong move. I think it shows a lot of confidence. A lot of the reason that companies report non-GAAP is to make themselves look better. If you don't need that, then there's no real reason to report it like that in that way. Of course, the SEC prefers if you just report on a GAAP basis. So, I think it's a pretty big move. If you look at it, the biggest piece that they exclude when they do non-GAAP is stock-based compensation. Stock-based compensation is almost 20% of total operating costs. That's a pretty big piece to either include or exclude, depending on which way you want to report it. But, on a GAAP basis, even if you include your stock-based compensation, your operating margins are in excess of 40%. So, they're doing really well. That's what I'm saying, I think they can afford to take the hit on reporting, in terms of what they tell investors to focus on. At the same time, it shows confidence, like, "We're going to start including these costs because they are real costs, and we're not going to exclude them like other companies like to do, and we're still going to put up these incredibly strong numbers." I do think it's a big sign of confidence. Lewis: It's certainly more shareholder-friendly. I think one of the biggest things that's been on my mind as a Facebook shareholder is: What exactly is the plan with the Messenger properties? You touched on some of the more ephemeral features that they've added to WhatsApp and the adoption there. But you look at the gross numbers of monthly active users, WhatsApp has over a billion monthly actives. Messenger has 1.2 billion monthly actives. Those are massive and relatively untapped opportunities for Facebook to monetize. In the past, Mark Zuckerberg has outlined this philosophy of phase 1, get a really great consumer experience and get it at scale. Those are clearly both there already. Phase 2 is have people interacting with businesses freely, and I think that's where both these platforms are. Phase 3 is, help the businesses reach people. That's where you start to see monetization, that's where you see ads or sponsored content, something like that. With Messenger properties both in phase 2, I'm wondering what that's going to look like. I don't mind as much that Instagram isn't broken out as a product segment, because the monetization strategy there is very similar to what they're doing on the main Facebook platform. A lot of the learnings there are going to port directly to it, because it's a visual medium, it' not a messaging app, it's a very news feed-oriented platform. But, when you look at WhatsApp and Messenger, the experience for users is a little bit different. Niu: Yeah. I think the challenge on the messaging side, in terms of building a business, which, Zuckerberg touched on in the conference call, is that they need to, I think he said, "build the behavior" of people actually getting used to interacting with businesses through Messenger. I think that's probably the biggest challenge and also the biggest opportunity, because if you think about it, people aren't used to thinking of it like that. Lots of companies have, when you go to their website, they have this pop-up thing for a live chat, like, "Do you have any questions? Can I help you?" And that's one thing people are used to. But it's more like, that comes to you, that's in your face when you go to the website. I think that's what most people think of when they think about this idea of having a chat with the company. To completely change that model into, "Here's this one messaging platform where you can message your friends, but you can also message any company that you do business with and want to interact with, and they can do customer service or whatever it is that they want to interact with you about." But, I think behaviorally, it is a pretty big change. There's never been a platform like that before. To get people that actually warm up to that idea, in meaningful numbers -- with over a billion people on these platforms, you need to have a lot of them actually doing that type of behavior before you can really start turning on the monetization. I think that's going to be pretty tough because it's really unfamiliar to people. Not to say they can't do it. I believe in Facebook's ability to execute. But, I think that's going to be a pretty key piece of building this business, and it will be a big challenge. But, I think they will be able to pull it off eventually if they can get people to shift. There's a paradigm shift in thinking about how you interact with companies. People like to interact with companies on Twitter all the time, but it's a little bit different. Lewis: Yeah, it's kind of changing how users expect to interact there. Two different ways management offered as possibilities and things they're investigating for monetizing these platforms, one of them was ads that display in News Feed, which is kind of interesting. It wouldn't be that they're appearing in Messenger or WhatsApp, but they would be ads to take people to those platforms and create communications with companies and brands. And then, the second one is paid content in Messenger. This is probably something that's a little bit easier to visualize, and it's something that's in the inbox or in other places on the platform, more standard ad placements. That's all we got from management in terms of commentary on that, so it continues to be a wait-and-see type thing. Thankfully, with Instagram and Facebook firing on all cylinders and being incredibly profitable, showing great growth, it's not something that we really have to worry about right now, but that will be the next phase of growth for this business, looking at the available user base there. Niu: Yeah. I'll be interested to see what the mix looks like. Once they really start churning out monetization, what's driving the revenue? Is it going to be this business-interaction stuff or is it going to be paid content -- sponsored ads in some carousel? The problem with ads in messaging is it's a crappy experience. No one wants to look at ads while you're trying to communicate. Which they've acknowledged before. So, I'll be interested to see how that plays out, in terms of the shift. Or, if they have some other new ideas. A lot of the messaging companies in Asia have e-commerce, games. With games, I think, there may be some potential there, and they might be experimenting a little bit. But, yeah, it's still very much early days. Lewis: Yeah. It's interesting you bring up games. For Facebook's main platform, payments and other fees is really the only segment that's declining, or not really showing impressive growth. There's not a huge surprise there, it's all revenue that's tied to games and in-app purchases on the platform. It's a tiny, tiny part of Facebook's top line. I wonder if that would be something that would resonate more on the messaging side. I could also see them doing something along the lines of how ads appear in Gmail right now, where it's part of the experience, it's there, but it's not super intrusive. I'm sure they have a lot of market research that would lead them to either steer toward that or away from it, though. Niu: Yeah, kind of like the sidebar display ads on the desktop platform for Facebook? Lewis: Yeah, exactly. Looking forward with Facebook, and looking at their guidance, unfortunately the company is pretty numbers-light when it comes to what might be coming in future quarters. The biggest thing that we have to go off here is a quote from David Wehner, who is the CFO. He said, "We continue to expect that we'll see deceleration in ad revenue growth, and that's going to be particularly pronounced as we get to the second half of 2017 because ad load will be a less significant factor driving growth starting in the second half." I think the message from management is, curb your enthusiasm a little bit. They posted basically 50% year-over-year growth here. I don't think that's going to continue. We don't really have a whole heck of a lot else to go on, though, unfortunately. Niu: They did give a little bit of guidance in terms of the expense side, even if they didn't clarify on the revenue side. They did say GAAP expenses should go up 40%-50%. With revenue last quarter being up 50%, if that's decelerating, that does imply a little bit of margin contraction if expenses are going to keep rising at that same rate while ad revenue gross was down a little bit. Again, as we mentioned earlier, they have pretty healthy margins to begin with, so it's not a huge issue if that contracts a little bit. But to put that percentage growth into context, that would put 2017 total costs and expenses to about $21 [billion]-$22 billion. Last year, it was about $15 billion. That's a pretty big jump up in terms of expenses. A big piece of that is the capex. 2017 capital expenditures are expected $7 [billion]-$7.5 billion, which they said, they're really ramping up infrastructure investments, which makes sense, because Facebook is so big that it made sense a long time ago for them to really take control of their infrastructure. During the quarter, they did break ground on their their ninth data center in Nebraska. They definitely are investing very heavily on the infrastructure side to really support future growth. Another quote from the call that's forward-looking that I think is important is, Zuckerberg said something about how, in the next 10 years, they're going to keep building these consumer use cases around technologies they think will be a big part of their business eventually, maybe not for a little while. So, generally, I do like that long-term thinking. 10 years is a pretty long timeline to be putting together these strategies. To invest now certainly makes sense, given how good they are at the data center side. Their infrastructure is really impressive in terms of how much they've built it out over the past few years. Again, they're now on their ninth data center. That is wholly owned. It's only theirs, it's not shared with anyone. They control their infrastructure, and that's probably one of the biggest advantages that they have, is being able to invest in it and have control over how it operates. But, yeah, I think we're going to continue to see them investing heavily in this infrastructure piece. Just need them to put up the growth to help cover those costs, even if there's a little bit of margin contraction. Lewis: Yeah. I think if we're looking for takeaways for investors with Facebook, I'm a shareholder, I was pretty happy with the results all in all. I know there was a little sell off immediately after they posted. If you want to get a sense of what's going on with properties like Instagram, you have to watch monthly active users and gauge things from there, unfortunately. I think there's still a lot of excitement about what they're going to do with the messaging apps. Over the last year, they've been a little bit clearer in actually talking about what they might be doing in terms of monetization. I don't think we're near that any time soon, but it's clearly something they're thinking about and testing quite a bit. So, that's a big growth runway for them. I still see a lot of stuff that I really like with this business. I don't know about you, Evan? Niu: I'm also a shareholder, and I'm a big fan of everything they do. I think they're executing very well. To play devil's advocate for a second, I will say, one thing I've mentioned repeatedly over the past few years is, it's been years since they bought WhatsApp, and I'm still skeptical about what they paid for it. They paid some $20 billion for a messaging app that had no revenue. I know their plan is to build this business with it. But it's just so much money. When you pay so much for an acquisition like that, you create so much risk for yourself. If you look at the balance sheet, they have something like $18 billion or so in goodwill intangibles, the vast majority of that is because of this WhatsApp acquisition. If you compare that to Instagram, Instagram is $1 billion. And at the time, everyone thought that was crazy. But now, in hindsight, that's been one of the best acquisitions they ever made because of how much it's growing. But, $1 billion compared to $20 billion, it's a pretty different bar in terms of how well you need to execute to justify that later on. Very specifically, if you can compare WhatsApp to Messenger, these two platforms are very similar in terms of user size, how they're going to monetize it. But Messenger, they developed in house for way less than $20 billion. Lewis: Yeah, that's true. Niu: WhatsApp they bought for $20 billion, and now you have these two businesses that are both doing really well operationally, still early days monetization. But one, you paid a whole ton of money for, and the other you paid almost nothing for, because you made it yourself. There's just so much risk. If WhatsApp doesn't work out later on in terms of monetization, they will have to end up taking a humongous impairment on that goodwill that's sitting on the balance sheet right now. I'm not saying that's going to happen, but it's a huge risk factor that's just sitting there on the balance sheet, it has been sitting there for years, and eventually, if they can't make it work out, it's going to be a big hit for shareholders. Hopefully, they will. But it's a huge risk factor that I haven't been able to ignore, and it's still very prominent, and I still don't understand why they paid so much. Lewis: Rant over. You have a great article, I believe it's from a year or two ago, right around when the acquisition was settled, detailing that. Listeners, if you want more of a nuts-and-bolts look at the company's goodwill and the accounting for that, email into the show, industryfocus@fool.com, and we'll be sure to send it along. I'm getting a note from Dan Boyd in the studio that we need to wrap up, I guess there's some other stuff going on, I guess we're getting a little carried away with earnings. Anything else before we wrap things up, Evan? Niu: No, I think we covered pretty much all of it. Lewis: Before I get into my standard disclosure, I have to do the wrap-up for Puzzle Week. Listeners, this is the end of Puzzle Week for Industry Focus. If you've been following along, you know that we love games at Fool HQ, puzzles and challenges are a huge part of how we team build and spark collaboration at the Fool. We even have our own chief collaboration officer and puzzle master, Todd Etter. We wanted to give you guys, the listeners, a little taste of the fun that we have here at office, so we had Todd devise a challenge for you guys, a little puzzle for you guys to try to figure out. As you may have heard on previous episodes, every day this week, each host wrapped up each show with a clue. The answer to that clue is a company name, and the company names from Monday to Friday will all fit into a final puzzle that I'm going to reveal in just a minute. So, if you want to solve the whole thing, I need you to listen to every episode this week. For doing that and submitting it, the first 10 listeners to shoot us an email after today's show airs with the five company names and the final answer will get Fool swag.  Here's today's Tech clue: if you insert three letters after the second letter in the name of this seven-letter e-commerce company, you'll get the name of a mustard. What is the name of the company? Now, for the final clue that puts all five company names together: using the following order -- Tech, Consumer Goods, Healthcare, Energy, and Financials, take the first letters of the five companies of your answers to spell the name of a globally famous consumer goods brand.  After this show airs Friday afternoon, if you solved every clue, write in to industryfocus@fool.com with the email subject line "Puzzle" with the five company names and the answer to the final clue. Also, make sure to tell us your T-shirt size, that's part of the swag. If you're stumped and want the reveal, on May 12, we'll post them to The Motley Fool podcasts Facebook group and the Industry Focus Twitter account, so you can find the answers there. I have to read a little legalese here. To enter this contest, there's no purchase necessary, and the contest is open to all legal residents of the U.S. and Canada, excepting residents of the province of Quebec, over the age of 18. Employees, affiliates, and contractors and their families at The Motley Fool LLC or any of their affiliates are not eligible. Void where prohibited by law. If you want a complete list of the contest rules, visit puzzle.fool.com.  That was a mouthful. Listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. Thanks to Dan Boyd for subbing in for Austin Morgan behind the glass today. If you have any questions, or just want to reach out and say "Hey," you can shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com. You can always tweet us @MFIndustryFocus as well. If you like the show and you're looking for more of our stuff, subscribe on iTunes, or check out the Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Evan Niu, I'm Dylan Lewis, thanks for listening and Fool on! Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Alphabet (A shares), Apple, ExxonMobil, and Facebook. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple and Facebook. Evan Niu, CFA has the following options: long January 2019 $20 puts on Snap Inc. and long January 2018 $120 calls on Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Apple, Facebook, and Twitter. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA and Dylan Lewis (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info May 14, 2017 at 6:44PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $156.10 up $2.15 (1.40%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $150.33 up $0.29 (0.19%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China Twitter Inc.'s User Growth Has Improved, but It's Still Well Behind Facebook's Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Big Tech Earnings: Digging Through Apple and Facebook's Results @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $FB
Share 8 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition Technology 8 0 0 May 14, 2017 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition Jovi Figueroa An improved Siri accompanies the new iPhone 8 at release date and adds value to iPhone 8’s hefty price. We’ve just learned from Forbes that Apple is poised to release what could be the most expensive smartphone to date. The anniversary iPhone, which the internet has dubbed the iPhone 8 or iPhone X, is said to release to the market with a $999 price tag for the 128 GB version and $1,099 for the 256 GB. If a 5.8-inch “no bezel, all OLED” screen and an A11 chipset doesn’t sound good enough for that huge a price for the iPhone 8, then maybe an all new and improved Siri could add some value to the package. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is all the rage now in various tech products, ranging from Samsung’s Bixby, Microsoft’s Cortana, Amazon’s Alexa, and, of course, Apple’s Siri. Siri has been a handy and novel piece of work that has been with the iPhone since the iOS 5 that shipped with the iPhone 4S. Ever since Siri released in 2011, Apple’s AI has already penetrated various Apple products from the iPhone and iPad, to the Apple TV and Apple Watch, and even in select cars through CarPlay. AI is taking over tech [Image by Zapp2Photo/Shutterstock.com] The current version of Siri available on iPhones and other Apple products right now provides conversational interaction with many applications. But according to Apple Insider, Apple is cooking up a new version of Siri for the iPhone—one that can interact with text messages and commands, images, and videos. Think Alexa cross SimSimi. This text-based Siri for the iPhone was first spotted in an Apple patent application published by the US Patent and Trademark Office, which reads the following. “Systems and processes for operating an intelligent automated assistant in a messaging environment are provided. In one example process, a graphical user interface (GUI) having a plurality of previous messages between a user of the electronic device and the digital assistant can be displayed on a display. The plurality of previous messages can be presented in a conversational view. User input can be received and in response to receiving the user input, the user input can be displayed as a first message in the GUI. A contextual state of the electronic device corresponding to the displayed user input can be stored. The process can cause an action to be performed in accordance with a user intent derived from the user input. A response based on the action can be displayed as a second message in the GUI.” If that’s not quite clear, Mac Rumors explains that essentially, it’s going to be a version of Siri that could respond to text, audio, images, and video fed to the iPhone app by the user. In a sample conversation between Siri and an iPhone user that accompanies the patent, it shows how you can ask Siri to perform regular functions through inputting text like “Tell John Smith I’ll be late” and asking for information like “Calories in a chocolate bar.” .@Apple invention details #Siri integration with #Messages https://t.co/A18Ot6lB7P pic.twitter.com/3l2vwhDkcM — AppleInsider (@appleinsider) May 11, 2017 What’s more interesting, however, with this new version of Siri for the iPhone, is that you can send images and videos as well and ask questions or assign tasks related to the media you feed your iPhone. An example would be a photo of a calling card that you can ask Siri to add to your contacts, or a photo of a car which you can ask Siri for its name and price. Mac Rumors also specifies other possible image-related inquiries such as “Where is this place?” and “What insect is this?” just like a more intelligent Google Images search engine. Another feature to this improved iPhone AI assistant is that conversations with Siri could now be saved, much like personal messages, so you can go back to previous inquiries made on your iPhone at any point. The Next Web also notes that this new patent is especially useful when accessing Siri on noisy environments or the library. It also makes Siri useful for hearing-impaired iPhone users. Talk to Siri without the need to talk [Image by Hadrian/Shutterstock.com] In January, DigiTimes first published a report via Mac Rumors about an “enhanced Siri” for next-generation iPhones and this could probably be it. We have yet to hear about a launch date or a launch OS for this new Siri, but it could be pretty big for the iPhone 8 as the “next-generation iPhone” poised to dominate the market if it releases alongside this improved AI assistant. iOS 11 for the new iPhone and iPad are also being kept under wraps so it’s possible that the enhanced Siri could also launch with the next iOS. The iPhone 8 is expected release to the market by September this year. [Featured Image by Oli Scarff/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun Share 8 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jovi Figueroa Tags: ai, alexa, ipad, iphone May 14, 2017 Boston Celtics Game 7 Forced Due To Clock Error — Would Washington Wizards Have Been Eliminated? May 14, 2017 Watch San Antonio Spurs Vs. Golden State Warriors Game 1 Live Stream: Start Time, Preview, NBA West Finals Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Surface Laptop Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Windows 10 Windows 10 S Windows 10 Mobile Windows Phones Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 The Xbox Lounge Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors Laptop Buyers Guide Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio The Best Laptop Reviews Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help Podcast Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Newsletter Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Alexa? Play nice with Windows. Make your home 'smarter' with Windows 10 and Amazon Alexa Modern Dad Steel HR on sale in time for Mother's Day! Modern Dad Win a Nintendo Classic and Bluetooth controller! Modern Dad Don't miss our review of Aukey's WatchTower connected security system Woohoo! Amazon Echo's Alexa can now tap into your Office 365 calendar < > Surface Laptop Windows 10 Creators Update Best Laptops Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Pre-order: Surface Laptop Modern Dad With Cortana's Invoke speaker finally on the way, Amazon is dangerously close to lapping the field By Phil Nickinson Sunday, May 14, 2017 at 3:00 pm EDT 66 Comments Phil is now the Dad behind ModernDad.com. Before that he spent seven years at the helm of Android Central. Before that he spent a decade in a newsroom of a two-time Pulitzer Prize-finalist newspaper. Before that — well, we don't talk much about those days. Alexa has gained the ability to make voice calls, and its 'Echo Show' will bolster the living room. So will there be any room left for a smart speaker from Microsoft? Maybe. In the meantime, we look at Amazon's latest. It was about three or four years ago when my wife and I decided to finally get rid of our landline. We weren't really using it anymore — it was mostly an emergency backup, and a great way for solicitors to bug us. (That it occasionally made phantom 911 calls in the middle of the night was another impetus.) This presented a problem, though. Our kids ride the bus home, and family members pick them up there. But what happens if for some reason nobody shows? The kids need a way to call their parents. I had a brief flirtation with Google Hangouts for this. But it was clunky at best, and now is a nonstarter, since Hangouts is dying. And so this is how our eldest daughter got "her" first phone way earlier than I would have liked. This is also why I'm ridiculously excited about Amazon's recent announcements. Which naturally, have implications for Microsoft's Skype platform, and any efforts to bring Cortana to the living room. The window of opportunity for Microsoft's own "Invoke" speaker — powered by Cortana and sourced by audio giant Harman/Kardon — is potentially already shrinking. Is it already too late for Cortana to take on Alexa? Finally announced at the 2017 Build conference in Seattle, it may well be the best-sounding smart speaker we've seen. But details are still sparse. Will it compete with the price of the full-size Echo or Google Home, both of which come in under $150? And we're probably still at least four months away from release (I'd say that's on the early side, actually) before we even get a chance to buy Invoke. This is what Microsoft and Harman/Kardon will have to compete with, Amazon's Echo, and the brand new Echo Show. Preorder Echo Show But first ... a word on your contacts Kinda surprised nobody’s screaming that there aren’t more privacy controls in the new Alexa messaging.— Phil Nickinson (@mdrndad) May 12, 2017 When you first set up Alexa calling you have to give the app access to your contacts. Don't do that without some hesitation. You're giving Amazon the ability to see every person in your contact list. Same goes for anyone who has you in their contact list. That in and of itself isn't evil, but it's poor implementation. I have at least one person in my Alexa contacts now who I had to look up. They'd emailed me for an Android Central thing back in 2012. And now I have their phone number and the ability to call their Amazon devices wherever they may be? That's ridiculous, and something Microsoft could pounce on in criticism. Amazon must (and I'm sure will) add granular controls as to who is allowed to contact you through Alexa calling. And it needs to do it ASAP. Alexa calling changes everything If you have young kids or aging parents, Alexa calling and an Echo Dot is a no-brainer. What I really needed was a way for my kids to be able to call their parents without needing a phone. The new calling (and messaging) feature in the Alexa app makes this a reality. Setup was super simple. You'll need the Alexa app, (which, of course, isn't available on Microsoft's platforms, and that's not likely to change either. If you do have a compatible device, you'll need to give it access to your contacts. Once you do that it'll match the peeps in your phone with the peeps who own an Echo. (There's a pitfall here, but we'll get to that in a second.) And that's it. Once that's done you can call anyone in your Alexa contacts. And when you do so it'll ring their mobile devices and any Echo devices. If you don't want to have a live call, you can just leave a voice message, or send a basic text message through the Alexa app. Don't mistake these for regular phone calls and SMS messages — they're not. But that matters less and less these days. So long as the meaning gets through, who cares what the mechanism is? And my kids aren't the only ones who are going to take advantage of this. My grandparents are 90 and still ridiculously awesome. (One's on an iPhone, and the other on Android. Along the same lines as my wife and I, now that I think about it.) But smartphones at 90 aren't necessarily as easy as smartphones at 40. Simpler is better, especially if an emergency happens. And is there really anything more simple than a $50 Echo Dot that can call me in mere seconds? For young kids and aging relatives, this is a game-changer. Echo Show — we'll see ... and it will, too The other major announcement from Amazon was Echo Show — an Echo with a touchscreen and a camera. That's a big deal, too, for a few reasons. All this connected stuff at home is great. But we've yet to see a proper visual hub that could finally tie it all together. Sure, there are DIY smart mirrors, and Apple TV and Android TV have the potential to serve as display hubs. But none of that has really happened yet. A home hub display and cross-platform video calls will be a BIG deal for a lot of people. And none of them has the Skills that Alexa has. That is, Alexa is the endpoint for thousands and thousands of APIs for so many services. A visual hub makes so much sense here. It's also a big deal for video calls. While Apple's FaceTime has always been excellent for this, it's limited to someone having an Apple device nearby. Same for any other video chat service. Mobile devices are, by definition, mobile. But video calls on a home hub mean it's always there, and always available, for everyone. I'm less bullish on the "Drop-in" calls — wherein someone — after you've granted them access — can literally drop in on you with a video call, basically saving them the trouble of accepting the call themselves. (They'll still have the option to reject it, though.) But I'll just have to wait and see how well that actually works. And Echo Show will do more traditional things like watch videos and play music and order things from Amazon. And surely that's just the beginning. While having a camera in the living room isn't a novelty anymore, I get that folks will still be hesitant to let Amazon (or any other company traditionally outside of the security space) have a look at what's going on so easily. But I also think the ease of communication will trump that fear. An imperfect, huge head start Messaging through Amazon Alexa is a big deal. But it's far from perfect and definitely has room to improve. A few thoughts off the top of my head: Again, the contacts thing is ridiculous. That should never have happened. So technically my kids are calling my through my own account, but whatever. It just works. But having more than one person in the home is a little clunky, even with the Amazon Household stuff. You have to tell Alexa to change accounts. Google has that beat with voice recognition for multiple accounts on Google Home. (That also means anyone who has access to an Echo device can listen to your messages. So keep things SFW, folks. Or not.) Know what else I want? Some sort of web or (even better) native computer support for when I'm sitting here working. The Alexa app is still not great, if you're looking to actually use it as a messaging app. In fact, it's bad for that. And Amazon needs to give more assurances that your messages are secure. The simple fact of the matter, though, is this: While Apple beat everyone to the mobile assistant game with Siri, and Google Assistant is very good and growing all the time, neither has reach ubiquitous status, leaving Amazon to fill in the large gaps left by anything that's not traditionally mobile. The messaging space is more competitive than ever. Google Home has helped with that, but there's no denying Echo has a huge lead. Microsoft's Invoke definitely looks promising. But so many questions remain, especially whether it has any chance at being more than a niche product for the hardcore fans. And Microsoft (like everyone else) was already far behind. Not seeing Harmon/Kardon's speaker until the fall doesn't help matters, and anything similar from Apple is still in the rumor status. Microsoft has struggled to capitalize with Cortana and Skype voice-activated calling on home PCs and even Xbox, thus far, too. The messaging space is more competitive than ever, and Amazon's product line-up is breaking new ground while Microsoft is still attempting to modernize Skype. Will Echo Show extend Amazon's head start? There's almost no way it can't at this point. For now, it's still Amazon's game to lose. And with Alexa calling and soon with Echo Show, it's making nothing but winning moves. See the entire Echo family at Amazon Modern Dad Subscribe on YouTube Facebook Twitter Instagram Snapchat See the gear Reader comments With Cortana's Invoke speaker finally on the way, Amazon is dangerously close to lapping the field 66 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating notrichyet Ms are simply not going to get mainstream with Cortana...a shame, but I seriously doubt it will happen, too much stuff just doesn't support Cortana but does support Alexa, Siri and Google...and that is unlikely to change. -2 11 hours ago Reply sholokov Proper innovation is like Amazon/Alexa. It came much later than Cortana, but grabbed majority of this particular market. -1 11 hours ago Reply jasongw That';s because they're slow at pretty much EVERYTHING. They announce, "Hey, we have this amazing new technology!" and then bam...five years pass, ten competitors introduce alternatives and three of them do really well. Meanwhile they stand their scratching their ass and wondering why their fingers smell bad. 12 10 hours ago Reply Mister Burns Sadly true 0 9 hours ago Reply infosage Whenever you hear the term "Lack of Urgency" think Nadella. 1 7 hours ago Reply Kevin Rush Re: Jasongw, Spot on. Great ideas wasted. Especially with Nadella and Mobile. 0 3 hours ago Reply rodneyej Then they turn a profit through patent licensing. 1 3 hours ago Reply jasongw Sometimes, but not usually. But even if they did every time, being a patent troll is never good for consumers or ultimately, the bottom line. 0 3 hours ago Reply Jazmac I can't say I agree with this one.  Cortana has been out there and installed on a gaggle of computers already.  The speaker is probably the easiest part of this and this time, they won't be hamstrung by "timing" like they were with smartphones.  What MS will need to demonstrate is Cortana's dominance on the desktop and connected tablets. Stuff like grabbing images stored on the cloud and sharing them via command. Using their shopping app, I think its called Todo from voice command and most importantly, it has to be able to reach out to music sources like Spotify. I know they have Groove but for me, I don't. And I won't get it until they offer a competing family plan, but if I want to listen to my Spotify playlist, freakin' do it. Also, I want to know from a Cortana speaker what my commute will be like when I leave for work and if I need to plan an alternate route. Do I need a jacket and or umbrella, I mean I want a full slate of information. I should also be able to say "skip that" so it will advance to the next item.  It has to be better than what's out there and it can if MS takes this with enough seriousness. I have an Alexa and there is also a Google thing in my house and both kinda work about the same but my Cortana speaker needs to exceed expectations.  0 8 hours ago Reply techiez Its true that install base of cortana is huge and will increase but how many are using it actually. Has MS marketed cortana on pcs as such to consumers? 0 3 hours ago Reply Mister Burns Doesn't alexa have the capabilities to do most of that stuff and if not then will soon with the app going to ios and android Plus the show/dot/regular? This is why i think the "timing" argument is very relevant and s far as Cortana event expectations, ms send to forget other companies are staying still for them to catch up. 0 15 min ago Reply Whodaboss I'm doubtful too.  In hindsight they should have leveraged Kinect into this type of electronic space.  Yes, Microsoft is generally a day late and a dollar short.  Not because they don't create great products but because they don't know how to use their products once it's created.  It's like they have tunnel vision.  They get stuck inside thier own box.  They can't think outside that box.  As a person who uses an Echo I find it to be a super product.  I generally support Microsoft products but I'll take a wait and see approach on this one. 0 7 hours ago Reply Mister Burns They should have gave the one s a mic array. The cost of entry for using Cortana on the one is too high(and I don't mean solely financially). Ill be highly surprised if they don't do this simply thing to increase the ease of engagement for Cortana on Scorpio. ... No I won't. It's Microsoft. What you said is the most frustrating thing about Microsoft. The reason Microsoft seems to be there biggest threat to apple, google, and amazon and why their core fans are so critical of them is because WE ALL see their potential and what they should go or products that would be killer besides them. And then when they finally see it, it's too late for it to have been capitalized. Amazon just announced their homehub-esque device with a screen. What avg consumer is going to wait until fall for a speaker when they can get a speaker with tons of functionality that covered most of what's available now. Why does it take a amateur software engineer to make a real Cortana hologram in a fish tank before y'all even think of taking personal assistance to the next level. They make a speaker with the actual shake part being the size of a dot, set it on top of a glass cylinder in top of another speaker to have a hologram of her present the cars and human gestures, it would wow the consumer world and set the standard for personal assistants. Nope, they rather have a partner release a speaker in fall that doesn't even rub on Windows iot 0 2 min ago Reply n m And when it comes to outside the US, simply forget it. All the others work flawlessly around the globe but Cortana is a mere shadow of her former self here in Australia. MS thinks nationally, the others all think internationally, why I don't know. 1 3 hours ago Reply rodneyej MS, 1. Needs to stop being "late" to the party. And, 2 learn how to market. 0 3 hours ago Reply rodneyej MS, 1. Needs to stop being "late" to the party. And, 2 learn how to market. 0 3 hours ago Reply rodneyej MS, 1. Needs to stop being "late" to the party. And, 2 learn how to market. 0 3 hours ago Reply Mister Burns You can say that again 0 0 sec ago Reply Akira X The issue with this regarding Microsoft is how long will they support it before they pull support...not sure its even worth it.. 0 52 min ago Reply Ilovenutella Now im sad.... Can anyone give me hope? -3 11 hours ago Reply sholokov Alas! Late to the market, as always. 0 11 hours ago Reply GoodThings2Life This is ridiculous. We're talking about a market of 10.7M devices. That's roughly a fiscal quarter of sales for Windows Phone at it's peak... So, Amazon isn't exactly setting the world on fire with Echo yet. If you're ruling anybody as a victor here, you're delusional. 13 10 hours ago Reply fdruid exactly. Betamax had the lead at some point. 0 9 hours ago Reply Mister Burns I think the issue isnt numbers but rather mindshare 0 9 hours ago Reply DJCBS With the difference that Amazon only has this product available in a couple of countries while WP was available worldwide. 0 1 hour ago Reply Mr. MacPhisto The smart speaker market is still so small that it's hard to say that anyone is lapping anyone else.  Amazon sold only around 5.5 million speakers last year according to industry analysts.  That was a substantial uptick from the year before, but a lot of these speakers are novelty items for people.   Personally, I have a Google Home that I never really use.  Occasionally I do, but this isn't really where a solution exists.  The problem is that assistant is tied to the hardware for the most part and you need to buy speakers for several rooms.  It's a novelty item and sells like one. Even if sales double or triple, you're still looking at only 15 million and maybe 20-22 million for the total market.  And I don't see that much interest.  I know a few people that have an Echo and none of them use it frequently.  I think most buy it as an impulse buy.  The techies may love it, but they cannot drive mass adoption. Amazon will not likely be able to introduce the mass adoption solution.  That solution will mean building a personal assistant into tech and allowing it to work across devices.  Apple can do this, but the problem is that it will be limited to the Apple ecosystem.  You can have an Apple smart speaker, a microphone built into an Apple TV, etc - but you will have to use Apple because they aren't making a Siri app for Android.   This is where Microsoft has a play.  Cortana on Smart TVs that will be able to function AS smart speakers, even when the screen is off.  Cortana on Android and iOS.  Cortana on iPad, on Windows, and on other iOT devices.  Why not a Cortana Smart Alarm Clock that ALSO functions as a speaker while being able to play music based on your likes?  There is still a place for clocks that actually show the time.   Microsoft is about doing things that make the technology seamless.  That's not a smart speaker.  That's putting Cortana in a refrigerator, TV, etc and giving them all cloud connection so Cortana can sync and listen to you needs around the house or in your pocket.  She cna make phone calls, text, etc.   It's not about a smart speaker.  That is niche and such a tiny thing.  It HAS to be about a much broader vision that includes working with partners to make Cortana the only real cross platform assistant that works everywhere and on everything.  Can you imagine a refrigerator running Cortana that uses tracking and AI to determine what it is you usually have and then have her tell you when you're at a grocery store via your phone that you need eggs, milk, butter, etc?  Can you imagine a device you can place in your pantry that can do the same with machine learning?   Microsoft needs to create a vision, articulate it, and sell it to consumers and OEMs - and those OEMs make much more than just speakers or PCs.  Sell it to GE, Whirlpool, Samsung, etc.   Amazon lacks vision with Echo and all they care about it forcing people into their ecosystem so they can sell them stuff.  Microsoft can make something much broader and richer than anything Google, Apple, or Amazon can do.  But they need to think BIG, not small.  Just focusing on a speaker is such a small, small thing.   13 10 hours ago Reply infosage Everyone will be used to using other Assistants (and backend services) by the time Microsoft gets close to their "BIG" vision. Fast, iterative and improving releases is the key to innovation (think Alexa, Android Wear). Release fast, get consumer feedback, release again, etc. Microsoft's plan of going into hiding for years to develop "Ultimate" devices will fail. 0 7 hours ago Reply n m Sounds great, but MS aren't interested in making Cortana work globally. The only interaction I get from Cortana on anything where I live is "Sorry, but I can't connect to the internet right now, please try again later" I'd be kicking a hole in the fridge door. 0 3 hours ago Reply poken1151 FWIW, though they didn't go in depth weith the speaker at build (no clue why not), they did specify that skype calling was to be a large part of the experience. Additionally, they also have specifications for screens in use with the Cortana service. If all that holds water, and since it came from the horses mouth I assume it does, the only issue I have is again, timing. They aren't out now, which just bodes bad for them regardless. As for the calling feature, I recall dureiong the announcement some outfits were scratching heads saying "why is MS shoehorning skype everywhere", interesting to know some do want calling, maybe they just don't want skype or want it from MS. 0 10 hours ago Reply erzhik Invoke is coming in fall, probably end of fall. By that time, Amazon would be working on the next version of Echo, so will Google and Apple is rumored to release their assistant with a screen. Invoke, in its current design, is at least a year behind. Too little too late. -2 10 hours ago Reply SAHenschel Luckily there is a surface event this month... If it is not a surface mobile they will unveil, it might be a surface home. 0 10 hours ago Reply mwgeek We will hear the "our partners" stuff, but alas they are too late also 0 5 hours ago Reply daveh101 Got to remember it is not just about the speakers - Cortana is built into 500m devices, and I think has 140m users, the speaker is just adding another point of interaction. I think it all comes down the the eco-system, Microsoft definitely has an 'enterprise' focus, but things like copy and paste across devices utilise Cortana. Echo may be ahead right now from a consumer perspective, but there is everything to play for. I believe that of all the products I've looked at, Cortana currently has the lost potential - but whether it will be implemented correctly is yet to be seen. 2 10 hours ago Reply n m Maybe so, but Cortana only works on the US ones. 1 3 hours ago Reply David T Ng How do you know ms not developing Cortana in top secret as they always do. May be next time it'll be so advance joining 'TAY' AI and Cortana. 1 10 hours ago Reply realwarder Microsoft needs to sell a small hardware microphone array under $40 that connects to ANY PC or Xbox and then provide the home hub via a free OS update. Then people have a super cheap way to get a very advanced home hub with calling, Cortana etc. Or consumers can buy dedicated units like Invoke. 4 10 hours ago Reply Ronald Carter I love how ageism is creeping its insiduous ways into tech articles. 0 10 hours ago Reply blackprince FACT: Baby boomers are becoming seniors 0 9 hours ago Reply SeeVuPlay Don't worry, MS is working on putting Cortana in Siri, google home, and Alexa. Mobile first, cloud first. The implementation will be: Hey Siri, can you ask Cortana to remind me to buy a PlayStation -1 10 hours ago Reply Mister Burns Lol! 0 9 hours ago Reply n m Lol Or, Hey Siri, can you ask Cortana to remind me to download a heap more apps for my android phone. 0 3 hours ago Reply Sean D. As usual, when [insert company name here] comes out with [insert name of product here] it spells certain doom for MS. 2 10 hours ago Reply Mr. MacPhisto Pretty funny.  Especially when you consider that MS is more diverse revnue wise than any of them. 1 10 hours ago Reply Sean D. Exactly. But as usual, the moment some other "tech" company does something, MS is in trouble because they didn't do it first. Or they're in trouble because they did do it first, and this company "improved" on it. Either way it goes, MS is always in trouble. Somehow. 4 9 hours ago Reply astondg The last thing I want is another calling/messaging service with another app required to use it. That makes Amazon's solution a failure to me, although I may be alone in that. 1 10 hours ago Reply Giddora Amazon was early... That's it. 3 10 hours ago Reply Danjp The Echo with no voice recognition for individual users and the ability to only add two accounts is pretty useless for me right now, I use mine to just play music in the bedroom and the occasional weather update 0 10 hours ago Reply fdruid Also there's the advantage of ubiquity. Don't want to buy a speaker thing? Your Windows 10 PC, laptop or tablet can do it at zero additional cost. They'll take their time, but with Home Hub, Microsoft will hit back. You can't battle Microsoft at being everywhere. The Echo is just the Amazon Fire tablet of smart speakers. And Google's is just another Google Glass. 2 9 hours ago Reply JaimitoFrog Never seen a Alexa, and they look cheap and hideous. Will never want that in my home. Esp if they don't support windows, there is absolutely no desire to get one from a Windows user. At least that Invoke looks pretty. Not sure i like the whole concept yet. This tech is in its infancy, Amazon was a beta tester showing that some people do buy it. 0 9 hours ago Reply missionsparta I love Microsoft, but the echo works great and just importantly, sounds great. Facts are facts. 0 9 hours ago Reply TheCudder I use an echo dot in white for all of my smart home automation. Looks sleek in white, my only complaint is the lack of natural speech. 0 2 hours ago Reply Nelle Douville Never in my living space.  1 9 hours ago Reply missionsparta Said the exact same thing in an earlier comment section for an article and got down voted. So many readers want to just sit in denial at how bad things will be once Nutella finishes burning the house down, wiping his hands of it, and smiling with his quick cash. -3 9 hours ago Reply ChrisP1 I hate the topic of "is it to late for X company to release X product" because its not about release time. Its about how good a product actually is. Just because one company came out with a blender first doesnt mean another company cant come out several years later and make a blender that sells just as good or better. I hate these talking points of "is it to late" NO IT NEVER IS! Its all about how good a product is. 0 9 hours ago Reply thinkitthrough The author described the crux of many of Microsoft's problems in four words (window of opportunity is shrinking). To paraphrase: "The window of opportunity for Microsoft's own (insert Microsoft feature here)  is potentially already shrinking." Whenever Microsoft develops a worthwhile feature/service/etc., it consistently mis-handles it and allows it to languish to the point that the competition catches up, and usually surpasses, Microsoft's implememtation. I guess the most talked-about current example is Continuum, on which MSFT has miserably failed to capitalize, and now Samsung's DeX has stolen a march on Continuum (and you know Google can't be far behind). I have been happily, safely and productively using Cortana in my car and around the house via a Bluetooth headset to initiate, receive and reply to both texts and voice calls, as well as internet searches, unit conversions, navigation requests, traffic updates, etc., for over two years. Neither iOS nor Android has the equivalent capability quite yet ("drive mode" is NOT equivalent to Cortana's texting/calling voice-command capabilities). But Apple and Google are nearly there, and now Amazon is catching up to, and likely passing, that which Microsoft has already had baked-in at the OS level, for well  over two years. Nadells fiddles while Microsoft burns. -1 9 hours ago Reply shanneykar Yes ECHO is a success but it is in no way can threaten Cortana- or Google- powered speakers. Having an OS behind is HUGE. If implemented as MS showcased, then the Cortana has a great power and fluidity across devices, OS, accounts like linkedin. But again IF IMPLEMENTED right. 4 9 hours ago Reply Richard Toft The answer is to make Cortana accessible if any Bluetooth device with microphone and speakers that has connection to a Cortana enabled device then that should be enough. Made to measure devices if you want one but Cortana available to everyone if you want from £20:00 upwards. 2 8 hours ago Reply Yangstax MS's answer is the 'HomeHub'.  It is an app which can turn any W10 device into a digital assistant device.  You can configure any shape or size you want with the features you need. 3 8 hours ago Reply Grant Taylor3 No reason why you could not get this device to use Skype. 0 8 hours ago Reply JimStrav  Am I the only one who seems to think you can kill Echo, Google Home and Sonos with a smart speaker that does multi-room audio? Hopefully, the Invoke comes with Harman's wireless tech that is in their other speakers.  Well that's what  I've been waiting for, one speaker to do everything... And i don't care about or want video calling.   I have Skype setup already on my TV.  Trust me, you'll barely every use it.  Video makes you feel like you need to be presentable, and most of the time at home, you don't want other people to see you.     2 8 hours ago Reply mwgeek I don't watch much tv, but I see an Alexa commercial everytime I do, that will be the true test for MS as always, can they out market a competitor 0 5 hours ago Reply Drael646464 Presumably people will actually need to have this software to receive calls, either that or it'll be US only. Which reduces the userbase significantly compared to skype. 0 3 hours ago Reply Drael646464 With over 100 million people with Cortana, and many millions more with skype, I don't think alexa or google home can be thought of as having a headstart of any substantial gravity yet. Ultimately what you want is something that works across devices using natural language, rather than key phrases. Something that runs on your phone, in your car, via your TV, your PC, everything. While the natural language for skills is still on its way, I think Google and MSFT has the edge here - no one uses other amazon products much outside the US. 0 3 hours ago Reply Drael646464 Yeah skype and WhatsApp and snapchat, facetime and facebook with the hundreds of millions of active users better watch out because a couple of people with largely novelty devices that are still yet pretty annoying to use, are able to just video message each other. Totally the kings of messaging, yeah. 0 43 min ago Reply Vnmane Amazon has market place to sell Alexa and MS is late again. 0 10 min ago Reply Jan1409 MS is far behind in this market segment. What gives hope is actually that this is not a 'Surface' device, but something from third party. Why? MS marketing strategy goes US first and eventually rest of world next. Something Amazon is not doing and they see a success with their global approach. That, from my perspective, was one of the killers for Windows phone too...the market in Europe and Asia was having much more potential, but were handled like third world customers...hope this will not happen with the HC device.... 0 22 sec ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple snaps up machine learning startup focused on dark data Christian Zibreg on May 14, 2017 0 Apple has snapped up an artificial intelligence and machine learning startup, called Lattice Data, for a reported $200 million. They’ve built an inference engine which turns so-called dark data into structured data sets that can be analyzed easily. Dark data is data stored in computer networks that cannot be analyzed directly because it’s not in a proper format. The acquisition is valued in the ballpark of $200 million. The deal could bolster Apple’s AI efforts and help its software turn things like text and images into structured items that can then be analyzed in traditional manners to derive insights. Apple has confirmed the acquisition with its standard boilerplate message issued to TechCrunch, saying it buys smaller technology companies from time to time. Apple and Lattice did not immediately return a request for comment. About 20 engineers from Lattice have now joined Apple. A source said that Lattice had been “talking to other tech companies about enhancing their AI assistants,” including Amazon’s Alexa and Samsung’s Bixby. As per the story, which cited an anonymous source, the deal closed a few weeks ago. The Menlo Park, California headquartered startup was co-founded in 2015 by Christopher Ré, Michael Cafarella, Raphael Hoffmann and Feng Niu as the commercialization of DeepDive, a system created at Stanford to extract value from dark data. Company CEO is Andy Jacques, a seasoned enterprise executive who joined last year. “Lattice turns dark data into structured data with human-caliber quality at machine-caliber scale,” according to the official Lattice website. “We model the known as features and the unknown as random variables connected in a factor graph.” Lattice’s DeepDive framework has been used successfully in a diverse set of projects, ranging from a DARPA-funded human trafficking program to geology and paleontology to medical genetics, pharmacogenomics and more. According to the website: Data quality is in the DNA of Lattice. Our goal is not just to match human-level quality, but also to do so at unprecedented speed and scale. We build systems that win competitions and outperform expert readers. We continuously push the envelope on machine learning speed and scale with our bleeding-edge systems research. For years, we have been building systems and applications that involve billions of webpages, thousands of machines and terabytes of data. We can only speculate as to how Apple plans to apply Lattice’s technology to its products. It’s probably safe to assume that Apple could improve object and scene recognition across its Photos service and the accompanying apps. More important than that, Lattice technology could be used to realize iPhone 8’s rumored camera augmented reality features while giving Siri the ability to analyze text and images in Messages. A recent patent application suggested potential Siri integrations with the iMessage platform. Aside from Messenger-like chatbot functionality for Siri in Messages, Apple’s invention could let users, say, ask Siri to send an image of a Volkswagen Beetle to a contact. Lattice’s framework could also help enhance Apple’s neural networks and machine learning. That’s because unlike traditional machine learning, Lattice does not require laborious manual annotations. In taking advantage of domain knowledge and existing structured data to bootstrap learning via distant supervision, Lattice solves data problems with data. Apple’s HealthKit, ResearchKit and CareKit frameworks may benefit from Lattice tech, too. Tagged: Acquisition Apple Artificial intelligence Corporate News MORE FROM iDB Apple’s risk aversion and arrogance blamed for lack of large takeovers Fitbit buys Pebble’s software assets, but cancels new hardware Pinterest just bought Instapaper Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Daily Deals: $40 Fitbit activity tracker, $300 off MacBook Pro, and more Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar How to install Kodi on Apple TV 4 Apple snaps up machine learning startup focused on dark data KGI: Siri home speaker to sport physical controls via dedicated touch panel KGI: 70% likelihood that Apple will unveil 10.5″ iPad Pro at WWDC next month Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… This tweak lets you summon banners with battery information NoBlurFrontCamera disables the blurred camera effect in the FaceTime app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar Apps Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app Big Keys, Subtotal, Dazzle Browser, and other apps to check out this weekend Google’s Allo messaging app will soon let you create personalized stickers from your selfies Drop everything (except your bags) – this app is all you need for grocery shopping Pagico 8.7 helps you make better plans and actually stick to them [sponsored] Accessories Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. Deals Roadmap Planner: Professional Plan for $29 Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV Beginner Racing Drone for $99 Topless Waterproof iPhone Case for $29 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Lowell teacher recognized Times Staff May 14, 2017 Updated 7 hrs ago LOWELL — Jay Blackman, director of Educational Technology for Tri-Creek Schools, has been named an Apple Distinguished Educator for the class of 2017. The annual program honors "education pioneers" who are using a variety of Apple products to change teaching and learning in substantial ways. Blackman has been with Tri-Creek for six years, and, in that time, he has overseen the adoption of collaborative project-based learning as a primary instructional focus as well as the 1-to-1 program for kindergartners through seniors. Blackman has also been named one of "20 To Watch in Educational Technology" by the National School Boards Association and as the 2011 Illinois Computer Educators Technology Administrator of the Year when employed in Glenwood. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tri-Creek School Corp. is a New Tech Network partner district.The school system has been recognized as an Apple Distinguished Program. Subscribe to The Times Reporting like this is brought to you by a staff of experienced local journalists committed to telling the stories of your community. Support from subscribers is vital to continue our mission. Become a subscriber→ Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Local News Lowell Tri-creek School Corp Jay Blackman School Education Educator Adoption Program Tri-creek School Corp. Technology School System Latest in section Lake Station seeks proposals from waste haulers Two Hobart firefighters injured in overnight blaze State aims to bring affordable housing to East Chicago Lowell teacher recognized Munster Parks and Recreation offers summer camps Most Popular on nwi.com Strack & Van Til owner $225 million in debt, eyes three more closings Fight in Crown Point restaurant involves 20 people Downtown Crown Point shooting damages cars, homes Centier Bank robbed in Merrillville One night in East Chicago, 2 kids killed Currents +35 World News Photos: Russia remembers end of WWII with Victory Day celebrations +6 Lifestyles Having your wedding at home is a chance to make it personal National News Timeline: The Hillary Clinton email controversy Today In History, May 14: Frank Sinatra Today's Birthdays, May 13: Stephen Colbert Today In History, May 13: Pope John Paul II Today’s top pics: Severe Weather in the Plains and more Bregman, Astros tee off Tanaka for 10-7 win, DH split Yanks' Chapman to miss at least month with shoulder injury Dubrovnik Vacation Travel Guide | Expedia Rockies' Senzatela gets emotional win year after mom's death Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Four Seasons Chimney Sweeps Serving NW Indiana, Hobart, IN 46342 Rich's Den 540 Pulaski, Calumet City, IL 60409 Gutter Guru Inc Proudly serving Porter County, Portage, IN 46368 Ads Deschamps-Williams Eye Care 8510 Broadway, Merrillville, IN 46410 Business Directory Latest Local Offers R & H Remodeling Is your bathroom looking a little worse for wear? Call R & H Remodeling today! Workmanship guaranteed! 219-937-7448 May 4, 2017 Strack & Van Til Try Our New and Improved Online Circular with New Features So You Never Miss a Deal. Apr 25, 2017 Creative Landscape Services For reliable landscape solutions, there's no one better than Creative Landscape Services. Call today for more information - 219-663-5937 May 4, 2017 NWI Generator If you’d like to have peace of mind the next time a power interruption occurs, contact NWI Generator today at 219-662-5976 for your free in-home assessment. Apr 27, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Siri To Get Galaxy S8's Bixby Vision Like Feature? Rishabh Jain International Business Times May 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The feature is available to iPhone users who have updated their phones to iOS 10.3.More Apple bought Lattice Data, a company that uses an artificial intelligence (AI) based interface engine for transforming unstructured “dark” data into structured and more usable information. TechCrunch reported Saturday, citing sources, that the tech giant reportedly paid $200 million for the acquisition. On being asked about the deal, Apple neither confirmed nor denied it. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,” an Apple spokesperson told the publication. Read: Apple Integrating Siri Into Messages App According To New Patent Application What is Dark Data? There is a massive amount of data produced globally every year – 4.4 Zetabytes in 2013 by a conservative estimate. This data is expected to grow 10-folds by 2020, and according to IBM most of the data has been produced in the last two years, as TechCruch reported.  Around 80 percent of the data is unstructured or “dark” and therefore cannot be used for processing and analytics. Lattice uses machine-learning algorithms to sort out the data, put it into the correct order and turn it into useful information. While the data is useless without labeling and organization, once it is unlocked using proper organization, it has a certain latent value.  This data could then be used for various purposes, ranging from policing and crime solving — finding digital traces of crimes such as human trafficking and child porn, medical research and other such uses. Apple’s interest in the technology is well thought out. The company’s voice assistant, Siri was the first in a line of conversation voice assistants on smartphones. In fact, it had a head start on all the other companies in the field.  But, over the years, while Apple was busy integrating the voice assistant on all of its devices, other companies moved ahead with their own version of the technology. In 2016 many companies revealed their own AI-based voice assistant, starting with Amazon’s Alexa, after which Google launched its Google Assistant and HTC sense companion. Samsung released its Bixby voice assistant in March, on its Galaxy S8 flagship and Microsoft is expected to reveal an improved AI-based version of Cortana soon. All these assistants, which came after Siri, have an advantage over it since they are AI-based and evolve according to usage. Most importantly, Apple’s major rival, Samsung’s Bixby Assistant has a feature called the Bixby Vision. Bixby is integrated into the Galaxy S8’s camera, gallery and is connected to the internet. It then uses AI to find out what the user is focusing on using the camera and sources out contextual information from the internet. Read: Apple Siri Speaker: 5 Expected Features Including Improved Beats Audio, Touchscreen With the iPhone 8 expected to launch this year, and a Siri-based speaker expected to be unveiled at WWDC, Apple needs to improve Siri to match up to other voice assistants. The company’s acquisition of Lattice Data suggests that the company could be working on a similar feature for Siri, especially since the Lattice has the technology to scan and make sense of images and text. While Apple, as usual, is silent on the subject, a new version of Siri is expected to be launched at WWDC 2017.  Related Articles Will Siri Speaker Have Display Screen? Google Assistant Reportedly Getting A Stronger Personality Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Businesses brace for Monday as ransomware threat lingers Reuters Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack Associated Press Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Reuters The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists finally have a decent guess as to why Earth exists BGR News
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EXCLUSIVE - Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals her doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and claims that the handwriting could have been 'easily duplicated' 'They left my baby on the ground to die': Cops are accused of handcuffing 15-year-old and watching him die after they shot him when he 'rammed an officer with a stolen car during chase' Just 29 percent approve of Trump's firing of James Comey and another 46 percent believe FBI director was sacked to slow Russian investigation  The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for work on Mother's Day prompting a lockdown Miss conservative! African-American nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles How much do you make a year compared to the rest of the world? Online tool shows how your salary ranks - and what you could do with it Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on Facebook Live and then running into the bar where his ex-girlfriend works Hero mom is killed on Mother's Day as she pushes her daughter, 16, out of the way of an out-of-control car driven by 80-year-old EXCLUSIVE: Surfer who beat global hack reveals that he is working with spooks to thwart a ZOMBIE cyber attack today and fears for his safety but has been inundated with job offers Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal' 14-year-old son becomes the youngest person ever to graduate college in Texas Cops search three properties after 'major break' in the case of eight family members who were shot execution style at their homes in Ohio Blood-soaked man carrying a human HEAD walks into an Oregon grocery store and stabs an employee Mom steps out! Ivanka Trump pops in white as she and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with their children Lindsay Graham says Trump needs to 'back off' and let Russia investigation 'go forward'... and calls on James Comey to testify before a Judiciary Committee Trump is mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer, Priebus, Bannon and the president's attorney out of their White House posts James Clapper says U.S. institutions are 'under assault' - including at the hands of President Trump   James Clapper says Russia will view ex-FBI Director James Comey's firing as 'another victory on the scoreboard for them' James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Kellyanne Conway calls out Anderson Cooper for eye roll - says it was 'possibly sexist, definitely Trumpist' Flash mob of 200 spells out 'RESIST!' in 30-foot-tall letters at Trump's golf club near Los Angeles Trump ordered emergency meetings to deal with massive global computer ransomware attack US plane is 'buzzed' AGAIN by Russian jet over the Black Sea in the second such incident this week Previous Next 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager By Heidi Parker For Dailymail.com Published: 16:03 EDT, 14 May 2017 | Updated: 20:23 EDT, 14 May 2017 e-mail 93 View comments Gwyneth Paltrow is now a mother to a teenager. On Sunday - which was also Mother's Day - the actress wished her eldest child Apple a happy 13th birthday. The GOOP founder posted a close-up photo of her mini me daughter with the caption: 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human.' A mini Gwyn: Gwyneth Paltrow is now a mother to a teenager. On Sunday - which was also Mother's Day - the actress wished her eldest child Apple a happy 13th birthday Mama: The GOOP founder, seen here on May 6, posted a close-up photo of her mini me with the caption: 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human' She added: 'You light up every room, my heart, the world. You. Are. Everything. I love you, schnapps.' Apple looked into the camera with a slight smile. Her father is Coldplay rocker Chris Martin and she has a brother named Moses. The child is living in Los Angeles with her mother and attending school on the West side of LA. Awww: This comes just after Paltrow shared a humorous Mother's Day post. On a yellow Post-It was written: 'You mean a latte to me! Apple.' The note was on a white mug with a pewter bottom All together now: Gwyneth Paltrow shared a photo with her kids Apple and Moses as well as her ex Chris Martin of Coldplay. She said they were at the Museum Of Ice Cream This comes just after Paltrow shared a humorous Mother's Day post. On a yellow Post-It was written: 'You mean a latte to me! Apple.' The note was on a white mug with a pewter bottom. In 2014 Paltrow was slammed when she said that 9-5 moms have it easier than movie star moms in a post to GOOP.  A chip off the young block! Her daughter looks like a replica of the Emma star But she insisted she was misunderstood. 'Film work takes one away from home and requires 12-14 hours a day, making it difficult to be the one to make the kids their lunch, drive them to school, and put them to bed.' She continued: 'This somehow was taken to mean I had said a 9-5 job is easier, and a lot of heat was thrown my way, especially by other working mothers who somehow used my out-of-context quote as an opportunity to express feelings (perhaps projected) on the subject.' The Duet star also revealed that she is 'constantly perplexed and amazed' by how little slack she has been cut by other women over her comments.  They have fun together: Apple and her blonde Vogue cover mother at Halloween       Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Kate, Wills, and Harry host Buckingham Palace party Brittany Simpson charged with fatally shooting her father Sign language interpreter steals the show during Snoop performance Alex Hanscombe: my mother had premonitions she would be attacked Portugal win! Salvador Sobral wins the Eurovision Song Contest Inside Masterchef winner's glamorous family home in Watford Melania wishes service members and their families Happy Mother's Day Boxer Chavez pictured with women in hotel room after fight Devon lad's hilarious dance off with bikini-clad blonde in Vegas Check out Melissa McCarthy as Press Secretary Sean Spicer again! Caitlyn Jenner talks to Larry King about her sexual orientation Emmanuel Macron arrives to be sworn in as France's new president Wrong direction: Harry Styles says he is a Remainer as... Woman's before and after bikini photos of her 30lb weight... International sports star investigated by police 'after... Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested... Toddler, 2, suffers severe brain injuries when her male... Sealed with a kiss: Emmanuel Macron, 39, gives his... Eight-year-old girl is left unable to walk or talk... Here, fishy, fishy! Live FISH wriggled out of man's hands... How Britain's fattest woman lost 18st - but still blames... EXCLUSIVE: Hero surfer who beat the virus that wreaked... Wisteria mysteria! Owners heartbroken after stunning... Mother shares heartbreaking photos showing how... The pictures that will horrify parents everywhere: Boy,... Shower gel set my privates ABLAZE: Woman posts hilarious... Is this proof that a missing mother planned to flee? Last... 'He picked on the wrong girl!' Grandmother, 72, reveals... Landlady, 65, 'killed by her tenant just days after... Murderer who killed his 73-year-old neighbor asks for a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 94 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Slim Kim Kardashian celebrates Mother's Day with Kris Jenner and grandma Mary Jo Campbell before jetting out of LA with sister Khloe Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' Pink-clad Katy Perry treats her mother Mary to the Museum of Ice Cream... after teasing new single The pop diva wore a baby-pink maxi-skirt 'Proud mama': Jennifer Lopez celebrates Mother's Day with twin children...before heading out for date night with beau Alex Rodriguez Busy day 'It's not too late to sue!' Will Ferrell remembers accidentally punching Ellen DeGeneres in the face during SNL rehearsal 16 years ago Undercover lunch! Jay Z sneaks out the back door with pregnant Beyonce and Blue Ivy after treating them to a meal on Mother's Day Low-key lunch 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle The Little People, Big World couple's bundle weighed in at 9lb1oz 'I'm just super anxious': Kim Kardashian testifies against robbers who were 'following' her on KUWTK Was a nervous wreck 'She raised me to be the woman I am today': Ariel Winter pays homage to older sister on Mother's Day after infamous falling out with her mom African-American nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA Actor Powers Boothe, who starred in Sin City and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., dies of natural causes at age 68 in Los Angeles Died in his sleep I 'would be lucky to be half as magical as you': Kesha pays warm Mother's Day tribute to mother Pebe Sebert Posted an essay detailing her upbringing 'I marvel at you': Justin Timberlake 'bows down' to Jessica Biel in heartfelt Mother's Day message They have been married since October 2012 'Feeling blessed': Jessica Alba gushes over Mother's Day party as she celebrates with her two kids and doting husband Cash Celebrated in style Splashing around! Amber Rose frolics with French Montana in black lacy, fishnet one-piece on beach in Miami Smiled as they embraced in the water No Champagne, Papi! Drake chaperones his cousin and her date at high school prom and hosts afterparty for school friends Caring cousin Ciara shares sweet video of son Future smelling a rose with Russell Wilson...after quarterback was slammed for Mother's day note Honor thy mother! Jennifer Garner brings her children to church on Mother's Day... a month after divorce filing from Ben Affleck She was beaming Miss USA co-hosts Ashley Graham and Julianne Hough dazzle the pageant... before Kara McCullough's win Crowned Italian-born Kára McCullough, 25 'My life is too big': Phaedra Parks trash talks Kandi Burruss in RHOA: Secrets Revealed filmed before reported firing Drama on the show Jennifer Lawrence offers up her heart in new poster for upcoming horror film Mother!...which was directed by her older beau Darren Aronofsky 'I went to rehab': SNL star Pete Davidson playfully talks receiving treatment...two months after admitting he 'quit drugs' Gave the update on SNL They're having a baby! Comedian Kevin Hart reveals his wife Eniko Parrish is pregnant with a boy Made the announcement on social media Sunday Bikini face off! Emily Ratajkowski and her mother Kathleen pose side-by-side in two pieces as they hang out by the pool in Mother's Day post 'Don't be jealous': Chrissy Teigen strips down to her underwear to get a lower back tattoo with a stranger after John Legend danced with a woman 'There is no bigger love that I have ever experienced': Gisele Bundchen posts sweet tribute to her children and her mom for Mother's Day WAGS Miami stunner Ashley Nicole Roberts and NFL veteran Philip Wheeler marry in Curacao Wed at sunset in front of 100 loved ones Sealed with a kiss! Mustachioed David Hasselhoff, 64, is caught in a passionate embrace with fiancee Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Seven years together He's married! Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons ties the knot with beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at NYC's Rainbow Room Big day for star  'She told me I was beautiful when we shaved my head': Shannen Doherty makes emotional Mother's Day post as she recovers from cancer Back in black! Ariel Winter looks fetching in strapless mini dress after celebrating her six month anniversary with Levi Meaden Alluring Instagram post Two good! Derek Jeter takes the field at Yankee Stadium with his pregnant wife to see his number retired three years after he left the game A sheer delight! Pamela Anderson, 49, looks half her age as she models see-through top and tiny shorts after Baywatch premiere in Miami Khloe Kardashian gushes over Australian mother-of-two who has been named as the latest model in her denim line's 'Good Squad' Britney Spears cuddles sister Jaime Lynn and mom Lynne in heartwarming throwback snap for Mother's Day Touching post Going strong! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs have a laugh as they celebrate his 31st birthday with pals in LA Arrived to join friends at Akasha restaurant What a relief! Twitter restaurant critic Cat Deeley is happy after Mother's Day meal with son Milo and Patrick Kielty She looked chuffed Twice as nice! Lady Gaga flashes svelte physique in crop top and pencil skirt...after rocking funky yellow sweater and flared trousers Hands-on mama! Anne Hathaway rings in Mother's Day with son Jonathan and husband Adam Shulman during flea market shopping trip Crown Princess Mary 'BANNED from seeing her best friend' Caroline Fleming because her 'party lifestyle is a bad look for a future queen' 'Told she has to cut ties' 'I'm blessed!': Katie Holmes poses alongside daughter Suri for Mother's Day... as rumours continue to swirl she's serious with Jamie Foxx 'Everyone should just be who they want to be': Harry Styles reveals he has never labelled his sexuality... and teases friendship with ex Taylor Swift A heartbreaking Mother's Day! RHONJ star Teresa Giudice shares photo of late mom on Mother's Day... as her husband Joe sits in prison The Dark Knight rises to the occasion! Christian Bale celebrates Mother's Day by treating wife Sibi and kids to breakfast in Brentwood 'That's my baby!' Jon Voight wishes formerly estranged daughter Angelina Jolie a happy Mother's Day Oscar-winning father-daughter duo 'The kind of talent that he has': Tom Cruise gushes over working with Russell Crowe in The Mummy before revealing he did his own stunts in ZERO gravity 'Happy Mother's Day to the Queen! The boss!': Khloe Kardashian shares touching note for Kris Jenner after play date with Dream Momager In no mood to smile! Hilaria Baldwin appears to be in gloomy spirits as she strolls in NYC with Alec and their three kids on Mother's Day Family day out 'No-one wants them crossing paths': Exes Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise face potential reunion with the pair scheduled to be Down Under at same time Billie Lourd endures first Mother's Day without mom Carrie Fisher as she shares touching snap from her childhood Died in December 'The classic tomboy became a mum': Naomi Watts shares childhood photo of herself alongside school snaps of her lookalike sons in Mother's Day post 'So happy we are back in touch': Elton John, 70, wishes mom Sheila, 92, a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement Famously reconciled The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant Christie's Auction House accused of botching sale Night out! Alessandra Ambrosio slips on skintight leather bottoms with fringed poncho for dinner with her gal pals at Nobu in Malibu Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned tummy as she holds hands with boyfriend Zayn Malik before posting sweet Mother's Day tribute Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct Hauled off the stage  Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in a silver flapper-inspired beaded gown at the opening of plush Bodrum Hotel in Turkey Showstopper 'Always know how grateful I am to be your mom!': Reese Witherspoon shares rare photo with all three of her kids on Mother's Day Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy as she makes a solo exit after partying with her rapper beau Rocky at a birthday bash in LA 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager Praise on Mother's Day  'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 'seal the deal after she visits his family in Houston following whirlwind romance' The Crown is SNUBBED at the BAFTA TV Awards as it loses out on five gongs... with the UK channel's dramas triumphing instead Hit series Thandie Newton stuns in floor-length sequined lilac gown at the BAFTA TV Awards The 44-year-old sizzled as she attended the awards ceremony Cuba Gooding Jr mocks the Oscars mix-up when he announces Moonlight as a TV BAFTA winner... before handing the gong to Phoebe Waller-Bridge Leonardo DiCaprio spotted chatting with a mystery woman as he spends afternoon in Malibu without his supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal 'I'm 50, and I'm working more than ever!': Ageless beauty Salma Hayek sizzles for photo shoot as she says roles are 'richer' now Looked gorgeous  Lena Dunham is working out to manage her anxiety and not to look like a sex symbol, says trainer Tracy Anderson Is practicing yoga  Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart suffers a Marilyn moment in pink mini dress with sexy cut-outs at the waist as she attends premiere in Miami Now Gwyneth Paltrow's site claims CUCUMBERS are dangerous: Goop faces backlash from nutritionists for claiming lectin causes dementia  Walking Dead star Christian Serratos announces on Instagram she has given birth to her first child with boyfriend David Boyd Happy Mother's Day from Hollywood! Cindy Crawford kicks off celebrity tributes Cindy Crawford, 51, was one of the first, who shared an image  'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' Unconventional fashion fad 'So excited to celebrate my first Mother's Day!': Pregnant Heidi Pratt posts photo of her baby bump as she's now 18 weeks along NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter enjoys date night with pregnant wife Hannah Davis as he readies to retire his famous jersey  Special weekend  Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks incredibly youthful as she hits charity event celebrating her late Charlie's Angels co-star Farrah Fawcett The 1970s sex symbol 'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' British supermodel Kate Moss has spoken   'It's getting painful to watch rape so frequently': Joseph Fiennes and Elisabeth Moss shock viewers with controversial scene in The Handmaid's Tale Get knotted: Game of Thrones actress Emilia Clarke flashes a hint of her abs in tied-up shirt and white jeans as she heads to the cinema with a pal  Switcheroo! This Is Us will be moving from Tuesdays to Thursdays as NBC unveils its autumn schedule Sophomore season begins in the fall Liam Payne posts sweet Mother's Day message to Cheryl and his own mum... after admitting he needed convincing about naming his son Bear Fab in florals! Michelle Williams looks radiant in ornate cocktail dress at Louis Vuitton Resort 2018 show in Miho Museum in Japan Elaborately designed See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  'The greatest accomplishment of my life': Madonna posts stunning close-up photo of daughter Lourdes while praising her six kids A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two Mother's Day tributes as she shares photo with her first husband instead Posted pic of Robert That's not very regal! The Crown star Claire Foy goes braless in dramatic dress as she competes for Best Actress prize at TV BAFTAs 2017 'My Stormtrooper look': Gillian Anderson arrives at the TV BAFTAs on crutches in a floral gown after posting a picture of her foot in a cast The actress, 48, shone  Zooey Deschanel's TV show New Girl 'will be picked up for its seventh and final season' The show also stars Hannah Simone and Jake Johnson Engaged and pregnant! NFL star Robert Griffin III and girlfriend Grete Sadeiko break the news on Instagram as she flashes diamond ring Great news  Better luck next time! Model Nina Agdal cancels trip to Australia for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week due to issues with her working visa Katy Perry SPITS OUT cherry pie she's fed on the Wango Tango red carpet ...but rewards herself with cake after sexy performance  Flashing her tummy! Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca wears crop top to hit disco-themed birthday party in West Hollywood Studio 54 theme 'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy 'I love you!': Heidi Klum, 43, shares rare flashback photo with her mom Erna on Mother's Day... and they look nearly identical Black-and-white photo  Are they the new One Direction? Boy band PRETTYMUCH leave Simon Cowell's Beverley Hills mansion following rumors they have been signed by the mogul Lady Louise Windsor, 13, looks every inch the young royal as she takes the reins (and she is growing more like mother Sophie every day) Payne in the neck! Liam 'christens' Niall Horan with bling by putting his favourite gold chain around pals neck after 1D boys poke fun at his jewelery choices Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson sizzle in sexy dresses at star-studded Baywatch premiere  Split! Fargo actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead announces she has separated from husband Riley Sterns after seven years of marriage Sad news  Barry Manilow, 73, cancels two concerts on doctor's orders because of 'sprained vocal chords' 73-year-old singing legend Saturday Night Lively! Ryan Reynolds and wife Blake make surprise appearance on SNL... as host Melissa McCarthy gets her Five Timer jacket Jessica Gomes, 32, discusses her sex scene with Bruce Willis, 62... as she reveals her real-life romance with Xavier Samuel is getting serious Relaxed Ellie Goulding indulges in a few glasses of champagne as she enjoys an al fresco lunch with friends in London Looked radiant  Mom steps out! Ivanka Trump pops in white as she and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with their children Family day  Paris Jackson wears ripped boho T-shirt and cropped khaki pants to pick up Mother's Day presents for Debbie Rowe  Very bohemian 'I wear sunglasses and bucket loads of concealer because I'm up all night with the children': Victoria Beckham wears lip print line in Hong Kong Sophie Turner smoulders in a showstopping one-shoulder metallic dress at the Louis Vuitton fashion show in Japan Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the press secretary had doubts about defending boss  Late night! Tomb Raider star Alicia Vikander looks sleepy as she leaves London restaurant with a friend She's accustomed to rugged wear  Having a Carey-free time! Mariah and Nick Cannon are the friendliest of exes as they host fun family party with twins Monroe and Moroccan Katy Perry sizzles in sexy futuristic neon bodysuit and pink dominatrix suspender leggings as she storms the stage at Wango Tango in LA It runs in the family! Kaia Gerber, 15, and Cindy Crawford, 51, are pretty in patterns as they lead stars at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch 'Friends are convinced the writing is on the wall': Nicole Scherzinger 'hasn't seen boyfriend for two months'... as he is spotted with ex Maria Sharapova Flower power! Kate Hudson is feminine in a floral skirt  as she bonds with her sons ahead of Mother's Day She is the proud mother to two sons Music City marriage! Dan Smyers of country duo Dan + Shay weds love Abby Law in Nashville After a three-and-a-half years as a couple Don't mind the gap! Mel Gibson, 61, strolls hand in hand with girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, as they wear matching stripes in Los Angeles Looked contented  Happy Ever after! Milla Jovovich attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch in Malibu with her daughter Dressed for spring  Upton girl! Kate walks her pet dog Harley in sky high $965 Manolo Blahniks and a tracksuit... (and a full face of make-up) in Hollywood  Thigh's the limit! Charlotte McKinney exhibits her slim stems in thigh-baring gown at beachside Baywatch premiere Didn't fail to stun Major style! Hailee Steinfeld shows off her pop-star physique in strappy miltary-chic bustier at Wango Tango She was in top form at the day-long concert On fine form! Zara Tindall wows spectators with her show-jumping skills at the Chatsworth Horse Trials  Displayed her athletic prowess  Kevin Bacon gets well acquainted with his topless co-star Kathryn Hahn as he fondles her in provocative scenes for his new comedy series I Love Dick Wrong direction: Harry Styles says he is a Remainer as Brexit 'symbolises the opposite of the world I would like to be in' after launch of his album Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch beachside premiere No swimsuits in sight David Beckham denies he is 'set to splash out £7m on private island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' 'She's rarely seen by always there': Margot Robbie and Kylie Minogue pay touching tributes to their mums on Mother's Day Gushing Real housewife, great mom! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Crikey! The Irwin family swap khaki for glamour as they attend Beverly Hills Gala Dinner in honour of the late Crocodile Hunter Admirably continued Lady Louise Windsor, 13, follows in the footsteps of her grandfather Prince Philip as they both drive carriages at the Royal Windsor Horse Show Tess-ting the waters? Naked Diet chef Ward is seen leaving Harry Styles' secret gig in London... as rumors of their new romance continue to swirl 'I wish I'd known': Harry Styles admits he was unaware of former bandmate Zayn Malik's eating disorder and regrets not being able to help him Beautiful in blue! Freida Pinto is elegant in dark navy midi gown as she attends LGBT charity event in LA Actress looked stunning in a navy  Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with pals Spanx for the memories: Leggy Katherine Jenkins reveals a little too much in her dress following final performance of Carousel A Cyrus surprise: Sisters Miley and Noah Cyrus present their mom Tish with 50th birthday cake on stage at Wango Tango concert in LA Spelling it out! Miley Cyrus wears earring with fiance Liam Hemsworth's name while performing at Wango Tango in LA Australian boyfriend 'I wasn't going to fight her about it': Liam Payne reveals he wasn't sure about son Bear's unique moniker but 'let Cheryl choose it as she's done all the work' George and Amal Clooney 'build a luxurious all-weather tennis court' in the grounds of their sprawling $25million Berkshire mansion     DON'T MISS Wonder in white! Vanessa Hudgens shows off taut tummy in flowy two-piece number at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch Brunch in Malibu Malibu mama! Megan Fox looks stunning with super-long brunette locks as she's spotted with Brian Austin Green and their sons Casual outing with family Not skipping his veggies! Shrinking Jonah Hill shows off gym-honed figure as he fetches a healthy lunch at trendy Hollywood market NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter says pregnant wife Hannah Davis landed him a lifetime supply of beef jerky Big Apple hero  Still going strong! Julia Roberts snuggles up to husband of 15 years Danny Moder as he puts his arm around her in Malibu Seen getting cozy Playing doubles! Cristiano Ronaldo watches the Madrid Open Final with stunning Spanish girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez Soccer legend  Ashlee Simpson Ross contrasts platinum blonde with black ensemble as Jaime King is racy in lace for Lucky Brand jeans event Leading the stars Kourtney Kardashian 'grows sick of mothering on/off beau Scott Disick as she FINALLY calls things quits amid toyboy romance' 'It's happening': Ashley Graham is 'so excited' to return as judge of America's Next Top Model alongside Tyra Banks Back for another season 'Everybody decided to let it go:' Goldie Hawn says The First Wives Club-inspired collaboration with Netflix 'didn't work out' Hollywood beauty 'I'm a damn good mom and know what I'm doing': Snooki strikes back at online trolls who criticize her mothering skills Pre-Mother's Day post 'You did this!': The cast and creator of NBC's Timeless takes to Twitter to celebrate show's surprise renewal Reversed course 'My Betty Boop bod': Chelsea Handler, 42, flaunts her chest and toned bikini body after bragging she got her 'figure together this year' 'Don't feed kids s**t everyday!' Jamie Oliver says having healthy kids is 'really basic' and reveals his 'biggest hurdle' is that 'humans just f**king hate change' Dynamic duo! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin dazzle at Grace And Frankie event in LA The Tinseltown legends were nicely dressed at the industry event 'Oi, Bruce, get your d*** out': Caitlyn Jenner 'suffers vile transphobic abuse' as she leaves an LGBT awards show in London  Transphobic abuse  Old feud heats up! Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa makes crude reference to fight that led to Christina split as she says she has 'no time for bullsh**' 'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement speech at Agnes Scott College Heartfelt words They could be sisters! Kim Zolciak, 38, and daughter Brielle, 20, flash the flesh as they both reveal their bikini bodies on social media Enjoying a vacation Roses among Rosé! Laura Dern, Jaime King and Ali Larter are floral fashion delights as they toast to Mother's Day a little early Perfectly styled for spring Dance Moms vet Abby Lee Miller nearly trips while exiting restaurant after she is handed a one-year prison sentence for tax fraud Preparing for jail  'Hmm this s*** is funny!!' Kim Zolciak-Biermann shades RHOA castmate Kenya Moore BEFORE season 10 of Bravo's reality show begins 'I haven't seen it': Harry Styles reveals he hasn't watched his new film Dunkirk but 'would have been excited' had he not 'been involved in it' Surprising admission 'Handsome boy': Proud father David Beckham joins lookalike son Brooklyn for a selfie as they enjoy another father-son bonding session Harry's brave little soldiers: Five years after the Taliban killed their father, three children and their proud mother join hundreds and meet their Prince  A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA Ready for summer All love here! Sofia Vergara holds hands with Joe Manganiello outside vegan Café Gratitude in LA after claims their marriage was in trouble Naomi Watts shows off her penchant for style in Vogue Australia cover shoot as she opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber stating 'there are good and bad days' 'I love being in people's homes': Nicole Kidman reveals she wants to do more television...while hinting at a possible sequel to the HBO hit Little Big Lies The moment Love & Hip Hop reality star Tommie Lee was thrown off a plane for 'refusing to give up her glass of wine' Booted off a flight You can't hide with that on! Mickey Rourke contrasts his camouflage as he chauffeurs his pet pooch in a blue Bentley Standing out Princess Diana's former lover James Hewitt 'fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  Was given a 'slim chance' of survival 'Be careful opening those things': Tom Cruise cheekily jokes about opening sarcophagi ahead of his summer thriller The Mummy 'Hi love!': Taylor Swift sends flowers and a card to a fan who invited the pop star to her graduation party The pop star delighted fan Ashley Silvers  Her time to shine! Bella Thorne dances in skimpy star print bikini as she gears up for a day by the pool Summer is just around the corner 'There is always 2 sides of the coin': Adriana Lima hits back at baseball fans who accuse her of ruining their season by dumping star pitcher Matt Harvey 'They thought she did an amazing job': Phoebe Waller-Bridge 'is poised to be the first female Doctor Who' after impressing in BBC comedy Miley Cyrus' younger sister Noah models denim coveralls and T-shirt while performing at Wango Tango music festival Kept things quite low-key Kourtney Kardashian keeps her head down in LA after singing show tunes with sister Khloe during silly Snapchat post From Santa Barbara James Bond hopeful Idris Elba dresses down in casual shorts as he launches new campaign to help 'ordinary people's dreams come true' Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa is seen wakeboarding in Arizona with Christina look-alike after he took a dig at ex on social media Passive aggressive post It's a pirate's life for this Beatle! Paul McCartney CONFIRMS he has small role in Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Naomi Watts opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber after 11 years together and calls him 'a fantastic dad' and 'a wonderful, wonderful man' What's old is new again! Lyrics to Selena Gomez's new song Bad Liar are leaked and fans think it's another nod to ex Justin Bieber Promoting the song 'I'm excited!': Paula Abdul talks return of American Idol... and addresses if she'd ever make an appearance on ABC's revamped version Says she has 'no idea' Zayn Malik is urging his fans to raise money for a friend to undergo 'quack' cancer treatments, say top doctors  Former One Direction star 'I thought it was a catfish... it was so surreal': Drake whisks busty Irish glamour model Ava Van Rose on tour with him for SIX weeks  Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian pose with Planned Parenthood staff in LA as organization faces cuts from American Health Care Act Gwynnie's organic Goop? It's full of chemical gloop: Tests show Paltrow's beauty range isn't nearly as 'green' as she thinks  Artificial ingredients They can't get enough of each other! Kourtney Kardashian is seen leaving cozy hotel with young lover Younes after 'she throws Scott Disick to curb' Kate, Wills and Harry put on a show as they treat children of servicemen and women who died for their country to Buckingham Palace garden party Pippa preps for perfect pins at 'leg school for the stars' (and guess who's getting fit for the wedding there too!) London club promises to create the perfect pins Papa bear! Ryan Gosling has grizzly on shirt as he makes rare sighting with daughter Esmeralda and mom... as Eva Mendes is nowhere to be seen She's a work of art! Rita Ora is immortalised in self-commissioned painting that is set to raise more than £20,000 for breast cancer charity 'Coming to save you!': Marilyn Monroe look-alike Courtney Stodden does her best slow-mo bikini Baywatch run on the beach Look away Kim! Ms Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban chows down on the star's favorite junk food as he heads into LAX airport He loves junk food  Bumping along! Serena Williams drapes tummy in colorful dress as she begins first Mother's Day weekend Posed for Instagram in a colorful dress Always ahead of the pack! Age-defying Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a leggy display in stunning white minidress at the Monaco ePrix Vision in white GIRL ABOUT TOWN's Star Moves: Noel Gallagher knocks $2.5m off his home, Lily Allen quits the Cotswolds and Ellie Golding is moving to New York  King Arthur and Snatched set to battle it out for No. 2 at box office as neither has muscle to blast Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 off top spot Tropical twosome! Loved up Margot Robbie and new husband Tom Ackerley wear matching pineapple themed shirts during romantic Hawaiian getaway Bachelorette JoJo Fletcher and fiancé Jordan Rodgers pay gushing tributes to each other as they celebrate their first anniversary Romantic ceremony She's graduated from college! Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, gets her diploma after 'struggling' for SIX YEARS Delaware State  Sealed with a kiss! John Legend visits Seaquarium with wife Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna as his tour kicks off Enjoyed family time  'We couldn't be happier': Brie Bella and Daniel Bryan thank fans for 'support' after welcoming firstborn daughter Birdie Daniels Happy days  'I ate a T-bone steak every night!': Kelly Rohrbach did NOT DIET but instead loaded up on protein due to intense workouts for Baywatch The 27-year-old beauty  Geri Horner enjoys a bonding session with daughter Bluebell as they join Preeya Kalidas and the School Of Rock cast backstage in the West End The hardest-working woman in show business! Jennifer Lopez rolls on Shades Of Blue in New York City The 47-year-old star continues going strong 'To my haters, thank you!': Bella Thorne flashes her toned tummy in black crop top as she takes down trolls in Instagram video Famous In Love star She's a morning person! Rob Kardashian shares Instagram photo at 6 am of baby Dream he had with Blac Chyna Rob Kardashian posted a sweet Instagram photo Busty in the Big Apple! Lea Michele posts Instagram photo of cleavage-baring cocktail dress she wore to Sabra hummus event Smoldered Marvelous in Miami! Kelly Rohrbach looks pretty in cocktail dress as David Hasselhoff sports a mustache while they promote Baywatch Wore her hair up  'Love this moment!': Drew Barrymore shares cute throwback snap of herself kissing daughter Olive before Mother's Day Got ahead of the curve  Today's headlines Most Read EXCLUSIVE - Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals her doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a... 'They left my baby cousin on the ground to die': Cops are accused of handcuffing 15-year-old and watching... Just 29 percent approve of Trump's firing of James Comey and another 46 percent believe FBI director was... The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond... More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for work on Mother's Day prompting a lockdown Miss conservative! African-American nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says... Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles How much do you make a year compared to the rest of the world? Online tool shows how your salary ranks - and... Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on Facebook Live and then running into the bar where his... Hero mom is killed on Mother's Day as she pushes her daughter, 16, out of the way of an out-of-control car... EXCLUSIVE: Hero surfer who beat the virus that wreaked havoc across the globe reveals he is working with... Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal' fourteen-year-old becomes the youngest ever graduate of Texas... Cops search three properties after 'major break' in the case of eight family members who were shot execution... Blood-soaked man carrying a human HEAD walks into an Oregon grocery store and stabs an employee Mom steps out! Ivanka Trump pops in white as she and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with... Lindsay Graham says Trump needs to 'back off' and let Russia investigation 'go forward'... and calls on... Trump mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer, Priebus, Bannon and the president's attorney out of... James Clapper says U.S. institutions are 'under assault' - including at the hands of President Trump   James Clapper says Russia will view ex-FBI Director James Comey's firing as 'another victory on the... James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during... Kellyanne Conway calls out Anderson Cooper for eye roll - says it was 'possibly sexist, definitely Trumpist' Flash mob of 200 spells out 'RESIST!' in 30-foot-tall letters at Trump's golf club near Los Angeles Trump ordered emergency meetings to deal with massive global computer ransomware attack US plane is 'buzzed' AGAIN by Russian jet over the Black Sea in the second such incident this week Kim Jong-un is pictured cheering as his new ballistic missile that can 'carry a nuke to the US' blasts off... Pope Francis says he will be 'sincere' with Donald Trump as he wants to seek common ground during their... Déjà vu! Brigitte Macron, 64, channels Melania Trump and Jackie Kennedy in a powder blue power suit as she... 'Brains and beauty': Donald Trump's lawyer defends posting a picture of his 21-year-old daughter in lingerie... Trump tweets a tribute to Melania and America's moms as he turns up to his golf course to play yet ANOTHER... MORE HEADLINES Married boxer Julio César Chávez Jr is 'robbed of his $40K watch by scantily clad women who posted footage of the theft online' after losing his Vegas fight   Trump mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer, Priebus, Bannon and the president's attorney out of their White House posts 'They left my baby cousin on the ground to die': Cops are accused of handcuffing 15-year-old and watching him die after they shot him when he 'rammed an officer with a stolen car during chase' Sealed with a kiss: Emmanuel Macron, 39, gives his glamorous wife Brigitte, 64, a peck on the lips after being sworn in as France's youngest ever president James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Landlady, 65, 'killed by her tenant just days after begging a judge to evict him' recorded her own murder Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal' fourteen-year-old becomes the youngest ever graduate of Texas university Mother shares heartbreaking photos showing how meningococcal disease ravaged her three-year-old daughter in just 13 hours and left her fighting for her life The 30 seconds that sentenced dinosaurs to their doom: New BBC documentary reveals the moment an asteroid NINE-MILES long hit the earth and wiped out an entire species International sports star investigated by police 'after they infected his former lover with HIV and didn't reveal their condition' Murderer who killed his 73-year-old neighbor asks for a huge 5,000 calorie last meal before his execution on Tuesday - after his request to be killed by firing squad was denied 'All that was left was his underwear and sandals': Zimbabwean pastor demonstrating how Jesus walked on water for his congregation is eaten alive by three CROCODILES Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on Facebook Live and then running into the bar where his ex-girlfriend works Toddler, 2, suffers severe brain injuries when her male babysitter, 16, 'disciplines' her because she 'snuck a piece of candy' Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct How much do you make a year compared to the rest of the world? Online tool shows how your salary ranks - and what you could do with it The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for work on Mother's Day prompting a lockdown Terrifying moment a young child is hit by a car as he crosses the road on his scooter with his mother Who will reign over all she sees? 51 women vying for the Miss USA title prepare to take the pageant stage Did Texas multimillionaire, 83, get away with the double murder of his ex-wife's daughter and boyfriend 40 years ago? MOST READ IN DETAIL Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Apple's big Corning investment hints at wireless charging and AR plans Josh Lipton CNBC May 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s plan to invest $200 million into Corning to spur U.S. manufacturing jobs are further indication of the company's plans to add wireless charging and augmented reality features to future iPhones, according to analysts. Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz, who covers Corning (NYSE: GLW), believes Apple is developing wireless charging technology for the next generation of iPhones, as has been previously suggested by other analysts. But that means Apple will have to use something other than metal on the back of the phone. "Metal can interfere with wireless charging technology," he told CNBC. "That means you need glass on the back of the phone, but glass that won't break. Or you need to use ceramics. Corning has a long history of investing in both glass and ceramics." Uerkwitz also notes that those materials can be relatively expensive, which is one reason these next-generation iPhones could carry a higher price tag. He estimates that Apple accounts for about 5 percent of Corning's business. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights has a different take: He thinks the investment is for Apple's rumored augmented reality glasses. "You need specialized glass in the headset, glass that properly magnifies the 180-degree experience of AR. Also, that glass has to be really light. Corning could develop that for Apple." Moorhead also thinks Apple — with this investment — would demand exclusive rights to the intellectual property associated with this material. Both Apple and Corning declined comment. Watch: Apple's cash hoard hits $256.8 billion More From CNBC Microsoft says it added detection, protection against global cyberattack Global extortion cyberattack hits dozens of nations I used a Samsung phone as my work PC — and I'm convinced it's the future Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Here's the Simplest Reason Ever Why Apple Won't Spend More Than $50 Billion to Buy Tesla The Street iPad Pro 2: 5 Expected Features International Business Times Apple reportedly acquired an AI startup focused on 'dark data' for $200 million Business Insider Amazon Is So Dominant in This One Market Apple May Have No Shot at Being a Leader The Street 11 reasons why Apple and Adobe should fear the new Microsoft CNET GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance We Drove a Brand New $313,000 Lamborghini for a Few Days and Couldn't Believe How People Reacted The Street The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC The first trip to Mars will come with the longest layover ever BGR News Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss The 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 Might Be Unveiled As Early As June 2017 Mobile 0 0 0 May 14, 2017 The 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 Might Be Unveiled As Early As June 2017 Simon Alvarez The iPad Pro 2 is one of Apple’s most highly-anticipated mobile devices. Despite the slate being on the rumor mill for months, the Cupertino-based tech giant has been very careful in preventing the release of any official information about the device. Based on a recent report from one of the most accurate Apple analysts in the tech industry, however, it appears that the powerhouse tablets could see a release date sooner than what everyone expects. The release date of the iPad Pro 2 has always been an enigma, with rumor after rumor being proven wrong by Apple. For a while, speculations were high that the iPad Pro 2 would be unveiled around March 2017, according to a TechRadar report. A tablet was indeed released on that date, though it was not the iPad Pro 2. Instead, it was the entry-level iPad, a low-cost updated version of the original iPad Air. After the March 2017 rumors were proven false, speculations then emerged stating that the iPad Pro 2 would see an April 2017 release date instead. The month passed, however, and the iPad Pro 2 was still nowhere to be found. Speculations then emerged stating that a quiet May launch was possible, but at this point, it appears that the month will end without the iPad Pro 2 being launched as well. iPad Pro 2 & Apple Pencil 2 concept renderings. #Apple #iPad #iPadPro2 #ApplePencil2 #Concept #Rendering pic.twitter.com/2wTJW4GCTN —  iDesigner (@AppleiDesigner) May 9, 2017 Some light was shed on the release date of the iPad Pro 2 recently, however, as notable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo recently reported that the powerhouse tablet’s 10.5-inch variant, which is speculated to feature the bulk of the device’s upgrades, would be released in June 2017, right in time for Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference. WWDC 2017 is currently scheduled for June 5-9, 2017, and considering Kuo’s reputation as one of the most accurate Apple analysts in the industry, there is a good chance that the iPad Pro 2 would indeed be unveiled within the next few weeks. Kuo’s prediction is not just random speculation either, as the analyst stated that the current quarter is likely to see a production ramp-up in Apple’s manufacturing, according to a MacRumors report. Considering the timeline of the boost in production, Kuo stated that there is a 70 percent chance that the iPad Pro 2 would indeed be released on WWDC 2017. “The newly designed 10.5″ iPad Pro will have a similar form factor to the 9.7″ model, but will feature a larger display thanks to narrow bezels. The new design should improve the user experience and help gain traction in the corporate/ commercial sectors. We forecast 10.5″ iPad shipments of 5.0-6.0mn units in 2017F, accounting for 15 percent of total 2017F iPad shipments.” #Apple #iPadPro #iPadPro2 #10.5 #MatteBlack #Rendering pic.twitter.com/YIVnL0fRr3 —  iDesigner (@AppleiDesigner) May 8, 2017 Three variants of the iPad Pro 2 are expected to be released by Apple sometime this year, comprised of a 9.7-inch model, a 12.9-inch variant and a new 10.5-inch version. Among the three devices, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 is rumored to feature the most improvements in terms of design. While unconfirmed, rumors currently suggest that the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 would feature a revolutionary edge-to-edge display and an embedded fingerprint sensor. Apart from this, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 is speculated to feature an improved camera module and water resistance capabilities. Stereo speakers, as well as a design absent of a headphone jack, are also expected to be featured in the 10.5-inch slate. Specs-wise, the iPad Pro 2 series is rumored to be equipped with an A10X processor paired with 4GB of RAM. An improved battery is also expected to be fitted on the upcoming enterprise-grade tablet. Of course, the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2’s accessories, the Apple Pencil and the Smart Keyboard, are speculated to debut a number of improvements as well. Pricing for the iPad Pro 2 series remains unknown as of date, though speculations are high that the 10.5-inch variant would be priced at a premium over the 9.7-inch version of the powerful tablet. If Kuo’s predictions prove accurate, it would not be long before the mobile industry could lay its eyes on Apple’s best tablets yet. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/ Getty Images] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Apple, iPad Pro 2 May 14, 2017 WWE News: Big Update On John Cena’s WWE Return Date, What Can Fans Expect When Cena Comes Back? May 14, 2017 Project Treble: Google Hopes To Make Android Update Process Smoother With New Initiative Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Punk Band PWR BTTM’s Album Release Derailed By Lead Singer’s Alleged Sexual Abuse Scandal ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Share 6 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Baseball 2017-05-14 New York Yankees Trade Rumors: Is Team Doomed Following Aroldis Chapman Injury? Sports 2017-05-14 Olympics 2020 Strengthens Kids Skateboarding Camp Trend [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-05-14 WWE News: Big Update On John Cena’s WWE Return Date, What Can Fans Expect When Cena Comes Back? Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss The iPhone 8’s Final Design Might Follow One Of These Two Recently-Leaked Schematics Mobile 6 0 0 May 14, 2017 The iPhone 8’s Final Design Might Follow One Of These Two Recently-Leaked Schematics Simon Alvarez The iPhone 8 is still months away from its official release, but leaks and rumors about the upcoming flagship smartphone have already begun to trickle down in a steady stream. While Apple has been quite silent on any official details about the device, the consistency of recent leaks seems to suggest that the final design of the upcoming flagship is close to being finalized. From what could be determined from rumors so far, the iPhone 8 could follow one of two contrasting and equally compelling schematics. Over the past few weeks, alleged schematics of iPhone 8 prototypes have surfaced online, seemingly confirming that a massive redesign would indeed be rolled out to the 10th-anniversary smartphone. Considering that Apple is known to be testing as much as 10-12 prototypes of its flagship devices in the months leading up to a high-profile launch, however, there is a chance that the two recently leaked schematics are reflecting just two of the most plausible designs for the upcoming handset. One of these leaked designs, showing a squarish iPhone 8 with vertical cameras and a strange sensor at the bottom of the Apple logo on the rear of the device, has been met with a massive wave of apprehension from longtime users of the smartphone. The legitimacy of the leak has never been confirmed, though it appears to be in line with rumors stating that the iPhone 8’s production has encountered problems due to the manufacture of its embedded TouchID sensor and 3D cameras. Built this model around the schematics that "leaked" about the #iphone8 only to find out that it's probably fake as I hope so because in my opinion ts not the prettiest thing, looks like an altered #iphone7 interior and the exterior to look similar to the #iPhone5 either way it's something I can share with you guys more about this on @phonerebel YouTube channel at EVERYTHINGAPPLEPRO A post shared by Tokar (@bro.king) on Apr 20, 2017 at 8:07pm PDT Thus, while unconfirmed, many Apple fans have speculated that the hole at the bottom of the logo is a TouchID sensor, similar to the fingerprint reader at the back of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and the Galaxy S8+. In forums and discussion threads from MacRumors alone, many avid Apple fans have stated that the alleged TouchID sensor at the rear of the iPhone 8 would be a deal-breaker for many, particularly as it would make the device far less attractive than it could be. Others, however, are speculating that the strange rear sensor might be reserved for the iPhone 8’s wireless charging capabilities. Considering that the wireless charging sensors are believed to be located at the same location as the strange hole in the leaked design, there is a chance that the alleged fingerprint sensor would prove to be a wireless charging receiver instead. Of course, these are but speculations, and as such, must be taken with a grain of salt. #iPhone8 White/Rose Gold Concept Do you like it? pic.twitter.com/YcuJLQfPCO — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 10, 2017 While the aforementioned leaked design of the iPhone 8 has been met with a significant degree of skepticism from fans of the Cupertino-based tech giant, a set of recent leaks of alleged iPhone 8 schematics have received a much warmer response from the mobile community in general. These new leaks, while still featuring a vertical dual camera module, completely removes the strange sensor at the rear of the device. Apart from this, these new schematics also suggest that the iPhone 8 would be much rounder and sleeker than the smartphone featured in the previous leak. What has actually managed to get the approval of most Apple fans, however, was the fine design that the leaked schematics suggest for the iPhone 8. The designs, brought to life by leaker and concept creator Benjamin Geskin, feature a device that is thin, clean and distinctly Apple. Just like the previous leak, however, these schematics are unconfirmed and must be taken with a grain of salt. With just months left before the iPhone 8 launches, Apple appears to be nearing the end of its testing phase for the upcoming flagship smartphone. Thus, there is a good chance that the Cupertino-based tech giant is about to decide on the final design of the 2017 flagship. Regardless of how the iPhone 8 would appear, however, there is very little doubt that the smartphone would be Apple’s greatest handset yet. [Featured Image by Apple] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun Share 6 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, iphone, iPhone 8 May 14, 2017 Drake’s Net Worth, And The Celebrity Locked Out Of His Party May 14, 2017 Beyonce And Jay Z: The Secret Reason Why They Are In A Rush To Trademark Blue Ivy’s Name [Opinion] Comments LATEST HEADLINES Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] Punk Band PWR BTTM’s Album Release Derailed By Lead Singer’s Alleged Sexual Abuse Scandal ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? ‘James Bond’: Is Charlie Hunnam Top Contender To Play 007? ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Alum Says Not Happening JoJo Fletcher, Jordan Rodgers Celebrate One-Year Anniversary, ‘The Bachelorette’ Couple Talks Wedding Plans Kevin Hart And Wife Eniko Parrish Expecting Their First Child Together Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Tom Price, Who Is Linked To Arrested Reporter, Is Subject Of Congressional Ethics Complaints 456 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple buys machine learning specialists Lattice Data for $200M Adam Westlake - May 14, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit It’s become clear in the last few years that Apple is doubling down on its focus on Siri, with recent advancements including the use of AI and other technology that allows the assistant to do more with data from users. In what’s likely a part of that effort, it’s been revealed that Apple has acquired Lattice Data, an AI and machine learning company that specializes in “dark data,” or unorganized information like images and text. According to TechCrunch, Apple paid roughly $200 million for Lattice Data in what appears to be a “acqui-hire” deal, with the small company’s 20 engineers making the move to Cupertino offices. Apple hasn’t revealed exactly how it plans to use the acquisition, instead offering its standard statement about not commenting on when it buys smaller technology companies. However, it seems pretty clear that Lattice Data will be used to improve Apple’s AI technologies. The firm is said to take “dark data,” or data that is unstructured, and turn it into structured data that can be used by processing and data analysis tools. In other words, the data can become usable by digital assistants such as Siri. It’s hard to know exactly how Siri will be improved with this technology, but more than likely in the long run we’ll see the assistant better able to handle commands and responses that aren’t given in a specific structure. The acquisition is said to have closed in the last few weeks, so the next year or two will probably see some of the biggest advancements to Siri in quite a while. SOURCE TechCrunch Tags acquisitionAIAppleBusinesssiri Must Read Bits & Bytes Four things driving the new 2017 Ford GT taught us 2017 Ford GT First Drive: When brute-force and beauty collide Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: 8 things to know NVIDIA’s Volta GPU platform wants to take the AI world by storm Cortana leads Microsoft’s AI assault with Intel and HP deals Latest Headlines Moto X 2017 leaked video almost reveals all May 15, 2017 Galaxy S8+ gets 6GB RAM, 128GB storage in Hong Kong May 14, 2017 Netflix hidden from unlocked, rooted Android devices May 14, 2017 Four things driving the new 2017 Ford GT taught us May 14, 2017 Project Rap Rabbit is a new music game from PaRappa & Gitaroo Man creators May 14, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo Yoga 720 Review — a slim, premium laptop with Thunderbolt May 10, 2017 Hulu Live TV Review: The promise of good things to come May 7, 2017 Mario Kart 8 Deluxe review: The return of the king May 5, 2017 2017 Ford F-150 Raptor Review: Living too large for everyday life May 5, 2017 BlackBerry KEYone Review: With QWERTY comes compromise May 4, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 156.10 2.15 Apple planning new Mexico retail location in San Luis Potosi mall Chance Miller - May. 14th 2017 12:37 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is planning a new Apple Store in Mexico as it continues to expand its presence around the globe. The new retail location will be located in the city of San Luis Potosi and construction is currently ongoing… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Specifically, the Apple Store will be located in a new section of the El Dorado Mall. While Apple has not yet confirmed details about the store, there is a sign with Apple branding where the store will be located that reads “Próximamente,” or “coming soon.” Additionally, Apple has started hiring for the store, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple opened its first retail store in Mexico last September and is already working on another location in Mexico City. The San Luis Potosi will be the company’s third in Mexico. The new Mexico City location is said to be “flagship” in nature, with a design akin to that of Apple’s World Trade Center location in New York City. The store is said to be multi-level with the Genius Bar and retail space split from one another. There’s no word on when Apple’s new San Luis Potosi retail location will open to the public, but the company is clearly moving things along as construction and hiring both continue. It’s also unclear just how big the new retail location will be and what sort of design traits it will share. Elsewhere around the world, we reported last week that Apple will do a worldwide overnight refresh on older retail locations on May 16th. This effort will see Apple bring some of the qualities of its new flagships stores to older, smaller stores that can’t accommodate the full redesign. The changeover is best described as sort of a “‘halfway house’ between the original and new looks. Apple also recently showed off motorized carbon fiber windows in its Dubai Mall store, and is working on the opening of a new Singapore store. As always, we’ll update with more information about Apple’s new San Luis Potosi retail location as we get it. Do you have plans to visit this location when it opens to the public? Let us know down in the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 66° Full Menu 66° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Apple CEO Tim Cook Richard Drew AP file photo National May 14, 2017 3:10 PM Big changes are likely for the new iPhone 8, including a whopper of a price tag By Adam Darby adarby@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Details about the new iPhone are starting to emerge, and here’s a big one: The price is likely to start at about $1,000. Following independent reports for Nikkei, FastCompany and famed Apple analyst Ming Chi-Kuo, Goldman Sachs has become the fourth major source to state the so-called iPhone 8 will be the most expensive phone Apple has ever made, Forbes reports. The new phone, which is expected to be released later this year, is also referred to as the iPhone 7S, iPhone X, iPhone Edition and simply “iPhone.” The iPhone 8 will offer premium features such as a 5.8-inch OLED display and 3-D sensing augmented reality technology, reports CNBC. Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski predicts Apple will sell the 128 GB and 256 GB storage iPhone 8 models for $999 and $1,099, respectively. Goldman Sachs advised investors to buy Apple shares because it says the more expensive iPhone 8 will drive earnings above expectations. Some reports based on leaked information suggest that Apple also will release an all new iPhone SE. The leaked information suggests the iPhone 8 will have a drastically reduced top and bottom bezel, glass backed chassis, the removal of the home button and a vertically aligned dual rear camera, according to Forbes. Expectations also are that Apple will integrate the fingerprint sensor directly into the front display. Apple CEO Tim Cook at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference last June in San Francisco Tony Avelar AP file photo LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 months ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:20 2 months ago Surveillance video shows woman jumping out of trunk after kidnapping 1:26 2 months ago Witnesses describe deadly bus-train collision in Biloxi, Miss. 1:42 2 months ago Caught on camera: Vandals toss tar on home View More Video National Miss District of Columbia crowned as Miss USA Man thanks iPhone's "Siri" for saving his life in explosion 'Deadwood' actor Powers Boothe dies at 68 AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia What child would sexually assault another kid, and why? National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Press Esc to close Monday 15 May 2017 News updated at 12:29 PM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   IPL   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper   Archives    Normal life affected due to transport strike in TN      Will deal with only triple talaq due to paucity of time: SC      Pakistan win thriller for first Windies series victory      17 shot dead in PNG prison breakout: reports      Pakistani intruder shot dead      World braces for more cyberattacks as work week begins      Despite threats, 67,000 apply for 700 police jobs      AAP got crores via shell cos, says Mishra      Cops had ignored Sonipat victim's plaint      'Old age no excuse for token sentence in sexual offence'      Cow vigilantes thrash man in Ujjain, 2 held (Video)      RCB beat Daredevils by 10 runs, end campaign on high      TN bus services on strike from Monday      Dissolve Lok Sabha, hold polls simultaneously with state elections: Lalu to Modi      Woman from Northeast gang-raped in moving car in Gurgaon      BJP terms Kejriwal as 'Mr Corrupt', demands his resignation      'Dead' woman found alive and kicking, arrested from Madhya Pradesh      2 lakh hit by 'unprecedented' cyberhack in 150 nations:Europol      Two LeT militants killed in Handwara encounter      CPEC should not be politicised, says Sharif      Mishra faints, alleges AAP scam worth crores of rupees      'Sharing details of paper import for new notes to affect India's sovereignty'      Legal powers for EC on bribe-for-votes: Cong for it, BJP wants clarification      All countries should respect each other's sovereignty: Xi      Pakistan shells LoC areas again, 1000 people evacuated      India skips China's BRF summit ceremony      Manhunt for hackers behind global cyberattack      Petrol bunks to operate today      Cyberattack hits over 100 countries      Army not to use cordon, search operations in J&K      2 civilians killed in Pak firing      More trouble between AAP and sacked minister     Next Story Video game raised $148 m from fans; faces issues Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » Cyber Space » Q&A, May 15, 2017 Q&A, May 15, 2017 J D Biersdorfer, International New York Times May 15 2017, 0:03 IST Q: I thought Apple Maps on my iPhone was supposed to automatically show me where I parked my car, but I don’t think it’s working. Am I not doing something I should? Location Services was on. Apple added the parked-car marker to its Maps app with iOS 10, but you need an iPhone 6 or later for the feature to work. You also need to pair your iPhone to the car’s dashboard audio system over a Bluetooth connection or have a vehicle equipped with Apple’s CarPlay software. The app does not mark parking spots you use regularly, like the one in your garage or your space at the office lot. If you have met all the requirements so far, go to the iPhone’s home screen, open the Settings and tap Privacy. When Locations Services is enabled, scroll to the bottom of the screen and tap System Services. In that screen, make sure Frequent Locations is on. Tap your way back to the main Settings screen and select Maps this time. At the bottom of the Maps screen, make sure the button next to Show Parked Location is on. Once you have done all that, the iPhone should sense when your car stops moving and you break the Bluetooth connection with the dashboard. Once you do, the app automatically records the current location and provides directions back to that spot later when you tap the parked-car icon. Google recently updated its Google Maps app for Android and iOS with an improved parking-spot tool. You do not need to have the phone connected to the car with Bluetooth, but can just tap to mark your spot. The Google app for Android also shows the parked location of your car if you have Driving set as your transportation choice for commuting, and Microsoft’s Windows Maps app for its own phones includes a parking-location reminder. Q: I would like to transfer my bookmarks (favourites) from Internet Explorer to Chrome. IE keeps malfunctioning, and I’ve heard that Chrome is more reliable. My operating system is Windows 7. How would I go about transferring them? Most browsers these days are very good at importing bookmarks from their competitors, so start by installing Google Chrome, which can be downloaded free at google.com/ chrome. Once you install the new browser, open it. If Chrome does not ask if you want to make it your default browser and import your existing bookmarks from other programmes, it can be done manually. Go to the top-right corner of the window and click the icon for the More menu; the icon looks like a vertical stack of three dots. On the More menu, select Bookmarks and then Import Bookmarks and Settings. In the box that opens, select Internet Explorer from the drop-down menu. Under Select Items to Import, area, turn on the checkboxes next to Favourites/Bookmarks. You can also choose to import your browsing history file from Internet Explorer, so you can quickly return to previously viewed pages in Chrome. Click the Import button when you are finished. If you plan to use the Chrome browser on multiple computers or devices, there is an option to sync bookmarks, history, stored passwords and other settings to all your hardware. To get everything in sync, you need a Google Account; if you do not already have one from using Gmail or YouTube, you can sign up at accounts.google.com/signup. Once you have a Google Account name and password, use it to sign into Chrome by selecting your name or profile icon in the top-right corner of the window and clicking the sign-in button. To adjust what data is synced with Chrome, go to the Menu button, select Settings, then pick Advanced Sync Settings. Is there a freeware or an interesting download you would like to share with Cyberspace readers? Send your contribution to science@deccanherald.co.in with a brief description of software. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos more Rohtak Gangrape: 2 accused arrested, investigation underway India boycotts China's OBOR summit, says it must respect territorial integrity Man allegedly thrashed by 'Cow vigilantes' in Ujjain West Bengal civic polls: Bike-borne hooligans hurl bombs outside polling booth Ceasefire violation by Pakistan in Chiti Bakri Chennai gets its first-ever underground metro train service Unprecedented cyberattacks wreak global havoc 'Critics' are 'pathetic': Trump Polling starts for first phase of Nepal Elections after two decades PM Narendra Modi inaugurates Dickoya Hospital in Sri Lanka Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Yogi praises Maharana, says Akbar, Babar were invaders 2.SC sends Justice C S Karnan to 6-month imprisonment for contempt of court 3.Mahatma Gandhi wanted a dalit woman as India's first President 4.Woman kicked out of bank in US for wearing hijab 5.If 'Triple Talaq' is sinful, can it still be valid in law, asks SC 1.Safeguarding a crucial habitat 2. Retaining site tougher than buying one, man learns the hard way 3.I-T dept launches facility to correct errors in PAN, Aadhaar 4.The hidden gems of Hassan 5. Audio stalwarts 1. Woman kicked out of bank in US for wearing hijab 2. Breastfeeding Aussie senator in political first 3. In midnight swoop, Palike razes temple, church on its land 4. Woman from Northeast gang-raped in moving car in Gurgaon 5. Bieber lip-syncs at debut India concert, fans furious Photo Gallery Manchester City's Lucy Bronze, left, and Birmingham City's Freda Ayisi... Will Power, center, of Australia, celebrates after winning the Grand Prix... India's Sakshi Malik and Vinesh Phogat pose... Schalke's boss Clemens Toennies, right, embraces Klaas Jan Huntelaar... Participants parade with a portable shrine through the precincts... New French President Emmanuel Macron, right, watches outgoing French President Francois Hollande... An Indiana State Police Trooper takes a photo of the scene... Haryana Women and Child Development Minister Kavita Jain... Manan Chaturvedi, Chairperson of Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights... Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Press Esc to close Monday 15 May 2017 News updated at 12:29 PM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   IPL   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper   Archives    Normal life affected due to transport strike in TN      Will deal with only triple talaq due to paucity of time: SC      Pakistan win thriller for first Windies series victory      17 shot dead in PNG prison breakout: reports      Pakistani intruder shot dead      World braces for more cyberattacks as work week begins      Despite threats, 67,000 apply for 700 police jobs      AAP got crores via shell cos, says Mishra      Cops had ignored Sonipat victim's plaint      'Old age no excuse for token sentence in sexual offence'      Cow vigilantes thrash man in Ujjain, 2 held (Video)      RCB beat Daredevils by 10 runs, end campaign on high      TN bus services on strike from Monday      Dissolve Lok Sabha, hold polls simultaneously with state elections: Lalu to Modi      Woman from Northeast gang-raped in moving car in Gurgaon      BJP terms Kejriwal as 'Mr Corrupt', demands his resignation      'Dead' woman found alive and kicking, arrested from Madhya Pradesh      2 lakh hit by 'unprecedented' cyberhack in 150 nations:Europol      Two LeT militants killed in Handwara encounter      CPEC should not be politicised, says Sharif      Mishra faints, alleges AAP scam worth crores of rupees      'Sharing details of paper import for new notes to affect India's sovereignty'      Legal powers for EC on bribe-for-votes: Cong for it, BJP wants clarification      All countries should respect each other's sovereignty: Xi      Pakistan shells LoC areas again, 1000 people evacuated      India skips China's BRF summit ceremony      Manhunt for hackers behind global cyberattack      Petrol bunks to operate today      Cyberattack hits over 100 countries      Army not to use cordon, search operations in J&K      2 civilians killed in Pak firing      More trouble between AAP and sacked minister     Next Story The joys of cooking with gadgetry Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » Cyber Space » Which tech overlords can you live without? Which tech overlords can you live without? Farhad Manjoo, International New York Times May 15 2017, 0:03 IST A few weeks ago, I bought a new television. When the whole process was over, I realised something incredible: To navigate all of the niggling details surrounding this one commercial transaction — figuring out what to buy, which accessories I needed, how and where to install it, and whom to hire to do so — I had dealt with only a single ubiquitous corporation: Amazon. It wasn’t just the TV. As I began combing through other recent household decisions, I found that in 2016, nearly 10% of my household’s commercial transactions flowed through the Seattle retailer, more by far than any other company my family dealt with. What’s more, with its Echos, Fire TV devices, audiobooks, movies and TV shows, Amazon has become, for my family, more than a mere store. It is my confessor, my keeper of lists, a provider of food and culture, an entertainer and educator and handmaiden to my children. This may sound over the top. But what about you? I suspect that if you closely examine your own life, there’s a good chance some other technology company occupies the same role for you as Amazon does for me: as warden of a very comfortable corporate prison. This is the most glaring and underappreciated fact of Internet-age capitalism: We are, all of us, in inescapable thrall to one of the handful of American technology companies that now dominate much of the global economy. I speak, of course, of my old friends the Frightful Five: Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft and Alphabet, the parent company of Google. The five are among the most valuable companies on the planet, collectively worth trillions. (Apple reached $800 billion in market capitalisation recently, the first of any public company to do so, and the others may not be far behind.) And despite the picture of Silicon Valley as a roiling sea of disruption, these five have gotten only stronger and richer over time. Their growth has prompted calls for greater regulation and antitrust intervention. There’s rising worry, too, over their softer, non-economic influence over culture and information — for instance, fears over how Facebook might affect democracies — as well as the implicit threat they pose to the jurisdictions of world governments. These are all worthy topics for discussion, but they are also fairly cold and abstract. So a better way to appreciate the power of these five might be to take the very small view instead of the very large — to examine the role each of them plays in your own day-to-day activities, and the particular grip each holds on your psyche. So, recently I came up with a fun game: If an evil, tech-phobic monarch forced you to abandon each of the Frightful Five, in which order would you do so, and how much would your life deteriorate as a result? When I went through the thought experiment, I found that dropping the first couple of tech giants was pretty easy — but after that the process became progressively more unbearable. For me, Facebook was the first to go. I tend to socialise online using Twitter, Apple’s messaging system, and Slack, the office-chat app, so losing Mark Zuckerberg’s popular service (and its subsidiaries, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger) was not such a big deal. Next, for me, was Microsoft, which I found slightly more difficult to quit. I don’t normally use any Windows devices, but Microsoft’s word-processing program, Word, is an essential tool for me, and I’d hate to lose it. In third place, full of regrets: Apple. There’s nothing I use more than my iPhone, and close behind are my MacBook and iMac 5K, which may be the best computer I’ve ever owned. Abandoning Apple would prompt deep and truly annoying rearrangements in my life, including braving Samsung’s bad software. But I could do it, grudgingly. It’s when I imagine getting down to the last two that life becomes something else. It’s here that you begin to confront how thoroughly the Frightful Five have woven their way into our lives, and how completely we’ve come to depend on them. In fourth place, for me, was Google. I just can’t fathom living without it. Without the world’s best search engine, my job would become well-nigh impossible. Without YouTube, it would become significantly less entertaining. Without everything else Google makes — email, maps, calendar, translation software, photo storage and the Android mobile operating system, which I’d need after ditching Apple — I’d be relegated to a life of some poor soul from long ago (say, 1992). And then, finally, we confront the master of my domain. I have been shopping at Amazon almost since the moment it went online in the 1990s. (I was a curious college student, I liked to experiment.) Every year since, as my life got busier and accreted more responsibility (in other words, as I became more and more of a stereotypical dad), Amazon took on an ever-greater role in my life. When the kids were born, it became my household’s Costco — supplier of diapers and other baby gear. Then it launched a series of services designed to remove any decision-making from shopping: My toilet paper, paper towels and other consumables now come to my house on schedule, no thinking required. Then Amazon moved into media, and I was more hooked: It had me for packaged goods, so why not movies and TV shows, too? A few years ago I would have thought that was the limit. Then came Echo, the company’s talking computer, which speaks through a persona known as Alexa, and which has infected my family like a happy virus. Echo has a way of ingratiating itself into one’s most mundane moments. I rewired my household’s lights to be able to control them through Alexa. I changed the kind of coffee I buy so that I could tell Alexa to reorder it. When Amazon announced, this week, a new screen-enabled Echo, and a feature to let Echos act as phones, I experienced another frisson of possibility. Amazon, I see now, is well on its way to becoming my household’s brain, a kind of butler in the sky that runs the place for me. Which brings me back to my new TV. Did you know that Amazon now sells not just goods but also home services? If you buy a TV, it will offer to sell you a wall mount, and if you buy the mount, it will offer to send someone to your house to install the equipment for a surprisingly reasonable fee. What might, in the past, have taken a trip to several stores, a truck, some tools, some friends, and many hours now gets done in a handful of clicks. One evening three days after I’d ordered the TV, the Amazon men came by and set up the whole thing while I cooked dinner. If such a future makes you blanch, that’s the right reaction. I have fallen victim to the convenience trap, and you’re right to laugh at me, and also to spin dystopian visions from my behaviour — a future in which many others do as I do, in which vast portions of commercial activity flow through this single online store. And sure, you can decide to opt out; you can drive to Target, your life won’t end if you don’t patronise Amazon. But if it’s not Amazon for you, it’ll be another of the five. Or, more likely, it already is. It’s too late to escape. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos more Rohtak Gangrape: 2 accused arrested, investigation underway India boycotts China's OBOR summit, says it must respect territorial integrity Man allegedly thrashed by 'Cow vigilantes' in Ujjain West Bengal civic polls: Bike-borne hooligans hurl bombs outside polling booth Ceasefire violation by Pakistan in Chiti Bakri Chennai gets its first-ever underground metro train service Unprecedented cyberattacks wreak global havoc 'Critics' are 'pathetic': Trump Polling starts for first phase of Nepal Elections after two decades PM Narendra Modi inaugurates Dickoya Hospital in Sri Lanka Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Yogi praises Maharana, says Akbar, Babar were invaders 2.SC sends Justice C S Karnan to 6-month imprisonment for contempt of court 3.Mahatma Gandhi wanted a dalit woman as India's first President 4.Woman kicked out of bank in US for wearing hijab 5.If 'Triple Talaq' is sinful, can it still be valid in law, asks SC 1.Safeguarding a crucial habitat 2. Retaining site tougher than buying one, man learns the hard way 3.I-T dept launches facility to correct errors in PAN, Aadhaar 4.The hidden gems of Hassan 5. Audio stalwarts 1. Woman kicked out of bank in US for wearing hijab 2. Breastfeeding Aussie senator in political first 3. In midnight swoop, Palike razes temple, church on its land 4. Woman from Northeast gang-raped in moving car in Gurgaon 5. Bieber lip-syncs at debut India concert, fans furious Photo Gallery Manchester City's Lucy Bronze, left, and Birmingham City's Freda Ayisi... Will Power, center, of Australia, celebrates after winning the Grand Prix... India's Sakshi Malik and Vinesh Phogat pose... Schalke's boss Clemens Toennies, right, embraces Klaas Jan Huntelaar... Participants parade with a portable shrine through the precincts... New French President Emmanuel Macron, right, watches outgoing French President Francois Hollande... An Indiana State Police Trooper takes a photo of the scene... Haryana Women and Child Development Minister Kavita Jain... Manan Chaturvedi, Chairperson of Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights... Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts KGI: Siri home speaker to sport physical controls via dedicated touch panel Christian Zibreg on May 14, 2017 0 KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has predicted that Apple’s rumored Siri home speaker will support physical control via a dedicated touch panel. He expects the device to debut at WWDC next month alongside the “announcement of software development details for home AI”. In his report to clients Saturday, seen by MacRumors, Kuo did not specify if the AI-driven speaker might feature a built-in touchscreen display or use a set of capacitive physical buttons for things like volume and playback control. Here’s an excerpt from Kuo’s note: In our April 28 Insight report (“Apple’s first home AI product to see cyclical shipments of over ten million units; main competitor is Amazon Echo”), we offered estimates for the new home AI/Siri speaker line. We also believe this new product will come with a touch panel. For what it’s worth, Australian leakster Sonny Dickson claimed in April to have learned from insiders that the smart home accessory will be fat, featuring a Mac Pro-like concave top with built-in controls and a speaker mesh portion covering it all. Phil Schiller, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, recently speculated that voice-activated home accessories could benefit from the inclusion of a screen. “There are many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn’t mean you’d never want a screen,” Schiller said. “So the idea of not having a screen, I don’t think it suits many situations.” Last year, Bloomberg listed some of the device’s potential features: Control home appliances, locks, lights, curtains and other HomeKit devices More advanced always-on mic and speaker than Amazon Echo or Google Home Facial recognition to see folks in the room and determine their emotional state Built-in speaker for wireless music playback Built-in Siri would process many of the commands available on iPhone If you ask CNET, it may include built-in cameras as well: For example, users may be able to ask the device to read e-mails, send text messages and tweets, and stream content from Apple Music. Apple has also considered integrating mapping information into the speaker, potentially allowing the device to notify a user when it’s time to leave the house for an appointment. Apple reportedly started work on the project in 2014, right after debuting HomeKit. Previously, Kuo predicted that the accessory would provide “excellent acoustics performance” with a subwoofer, seven tweeters, always-on microphone and computing power similar to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s application processors. Australian leakster Sonny Dickson claimed the Siri speaker should use Beats audio technology and run a variant of iOS. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube The rumored device should be built by AirPods manufacturer Inventec. Given his prediction that the market for smart home devices might outsell the iPad market next year, Kuo forecast Siri device shipments of around twelve million units in its first year of availability. Apple’s W1 chip, which debuted in AirPods, could play a key role in the product. Apple is likely to launch additional models of the Siri speaker in the future, he added. Kuo has given Apple’s rumored Amazon Echo competitor 50-50 odds and the rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro model more than 70-30 odds of being announced at the Cupertino company’s annual Worldwide Developers Conference next month. WWDC 2017 kicks off with a keynote address at 10:00am Pacific Time on Monday, June 5. Mockup via iFunnyVlogger on Twitter Tagged: AirPlay Analyst Apple KGI Securities Ming-Chi Kuo News Rumors Siri Speaker Wireless Speaker MORE FROM iDB KGI: Apple’s first home AI product could debut at WWDC 2017 KGI: 70% likelihood that Apple will unveil 10.5″ iPad Pro at WWDC next month KGI reiterates iPhone 8 production ramp up will be delayed to as late as October-November Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Daily Deals: $40 Fitbit activity tracker, $300 off MacBook Pro, and more Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar How to install Kodi on Apple TV 4 Apple snaps up machine learning startup focused on dark data KGI: Siri home speaker to sport physical controls via dedicated touch panel KGI: 70% likelihood that Apple will unveil 10.5″ iPad Pro at WWDC next month Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… This tweak lets you summon banners with battery information NoBlurFrontCamera disables the blurred camera effect in the FaceTime app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar Apps Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app Big Keys, Subtotal, Dazzle Browser, and other apps to check out this weekend Google’s Allo messaging app will soon let you create personalized stickers from your selfies Drop everything (except your bags) – this app is all you need for grocery shopping Pagico 8.7 helps you make better plans and actually stick to them [sponsored] Accessories Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. Deals Roadmap Planner: Professional Plan for $29 Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV Beginner Racing Drone for $99 Topless Waterproof iPhone Case for $29 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Top 10 Stock Picks for 2017 Alphabet, Apple, Citigroup, Deutsche Telekom, Disney, Toll Brothers, and Unilever are among the best bets. By Andrew Bary Biography December 3, 2016 Click here to see our favorite 2017 stocks. Equity investors face a big choice for 2017. Bet on appreciated “Trump” stocks in the hopes of a stronger economy, or focus on more-defensive sectors. Since the election, economically sensitive stocks, banks, and energy producers have risen, while traditionally defensive groups like consumer stocks and electric utilities have suffered amid concerns about higher rates and inflation. (Click... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Time to Buy Emerging Markets Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Top Income Stocks In Energy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other | Main May 14, 2017 Like the Pharaohs who built the Great Pyramids, Apple Park was designed to Project Power   Apple employees last month began testing the company's latest innovation: Apple Park, one of history's most expensive corporate campuses and the leading example of the tech industry's newfound love for splashy architecture, reports the Wall Street Journal.   The first of 12,000 Apple headquarters employees moved from several drab, stone buildings in Cupertino, Calif., to space across town in the 2.8-million-square-foot circular building that resembles a spaceship. It features a seamless, curved-glass exterior and a theater architects said was designed to look like a MacBook Air. The estimated $5 billion project commanded years of attention from top Apple executives including Chief Design Officer Jony Ive, according to three of the more than 100 architects working on the campus.   Louise Mozingo, an urban-design professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who wrote a book on corporate campuses told the WSJ that "This is what rich, wealthy and powerful individuals have done since the Pharaohs built the pyramids -- you build a building that projects power to the world."   Apple, which recently set a record by topping $800 billion in market capitalization, says the new campus is designed to bring together disparate staff and foster collaboration to create new products.   Since unveiling plans in 2011, Apple's design team has sought to influence everything from sprinklers to door handles. It commanded so much time of architects that Foster + Partners, which is based in London, eventually opened an office in the Bay Area to better manage requests, two architects said. They said Apple requested fully constructed mockups of details like stairways for review before construction, much as it builds prototypes of iPhones before ramping production.     The call for a theater that resembled a MacBook Air suspended in space resulted in a structure featuring a heavy, carbon-fiber roof resting directly on glass walls. Architects and engineers had to conceal wiring and fire-protection tubes in the joints between each glass panel, the architects said. Guests will enter into the structure, named the Steve Jobs Theater, and descend stairs to an underground auditorium with 1,000 seats."   The new Steve Jobs Theater is likely to first be seen by the public when Apple introduces their new iPhone 8 this fall. Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone in 2007 and it would only be right to see the iPhone's tenth Anniversary model launched from the new theater named after their great CEO that helped save the company from total collapse back in 1997.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 14, 2017 at 11:56 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other Apple Acquires Lattice Data, their Third Major AI Company in Three Years Steve Jobs Changed the Attire Worn at Keynotes Forever and most Tech CEO's Copy his Style to this Day The FTC Responds to Qualcomm's Motion to dismiss their case about Monopoly Power, Samsung & Intel File Amicus Briefs Quanta Reports Best Q1 sales since 2012 Due to Strong MacBook Pro sales, Considers Dropping Apple Watch Microsoft Keynote Revealed Advances in HoloLens, Digital Pen Input, a 3D UI and iTunes coming to the Windows Store Apple Awards Corning First Investment from their Advanced Manufacturing Fund as Promised Apple Introduces a Series of 16 Short 'How to' Videos on how to use the iPhone 7 Cameras Researchers at UCSF and Cardiogram Confirm Apple Watch Sensors are 97% Accurate in Heart Study Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Search About Us Mere Log Phase I Phase II Phase III Phase IV Phase V Phase VI Phase VII Write for us Contact Us Newsletter Subscription Letter to Editor Career Opportunities Team PKKH Archive Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News National World View Region Kashmir Business Sports Science & tech Health Achivements Editorial Blogs Articles Exclusive International Pakistan Multimedia Gallery Videos Heroes Our Heroes Need Their Identity Back Real Life Heroes Scientists of Pakistan Heroes from other fields of life اردو پی کے کے ایچ اردو اردو بلاگ Travelogue HomeNewsHealth Apple Watch Can Detect an Abnormal Heart Rhythm with 97% Accuracy 0 By Web Desk on May 14, 2017 Health News Technology has advanced to such an extent that sometimes it is difficult to believe it. Tech gadgets are being used in different health and medical related functions. A recent study reveals that Apple Watch Can Detect an Abnormal Heart Rhythm with 97% Accuracy, according to a study conducted by “University of California, San Francisco”. The Apple Watch can 97% accurately detect the abnormal heart rhythm of a person with an AI-based algorithm, explains the professors. The study was conducted on 6158 participants while using Cardiogram app of Apple Watch. Apple Watch Can Detect an Abnormal Heart Rhythm with 97% Accuracy Source: TechCrunch The Cardiogram successfully tested deep neutral network it had built against the 51 in-hospital cardioversions. The professors also shared that: “They achieved a 97 percent accuracy in the neural network’s ability to find irregular heart activity.” In future, this study also aims to measure and identify heart storks. Let’s see what we hear next about this report in coming days.         Source Tags: Apple | Apple Watch | Health | Heart Rhythm Web Desk Website Previous ArticleNorth Korea test-fires ballistic missile Next Article Masterchef 2017: British-Pakistani Doctor Saliha Mahmood-Ahmed wins title Related Stories Geo-economics must take precedence over geo-politics, PM says in Beijing India skips China’s Silk Road summit, warns of “unsustainable” debt Masterchef 2017: British-Pakistani Doctor Saliha Mahmood-Ahmed wins title Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Your Website (optional) Connect with Us 3029followers 44834likes 43followers You Might Also Like Yemen cholera outbreak kills 25 people in a week: WHO A cholera outbreak in Yemen killed 25 people this week, the World Health Organization said, ...read more Pakistan to get its first online registry for heart stents The Drug Regulatory Authority Pakistan (DRAP) has launched the country's first ever "Online National Registry ...read more 15 amazing things you never knew you could do with olive oil olive oil isn't just good for cooking with. My family uses it about as liberally as ...read more Recent Posts 0 May 14, 2017 Geo-economics must take precedence over geo-politics, PM says in Beijing 0 May 14, 2017 India skips China’s Silk Road summit, warns of “unsustainable” debt 0 May 14, 2017 Masterchef 2017: British-Pakistani Doctor Saliha Mahmood-Ahmed wins title Popular Post August 18, 2013 Pakistan Cruise Missiles Vs India Ballistic Missile Defense July 15, 2014 Ajit Doval: The Indian who wants to ‘destroy’ Pakistan? February 5, 2014 How to End Insurgency in Kashmir December 15, 2013 ‘Gulf News’ Disgusting Attack on Pakistan Has No Place in Dubai’s 2020 Expo May 4, 2016 Kargil War – Pakistan’s Military Victory PKKH | Pakistan Ka Khuda Hafiz PKKH is Pakistan’s leading alternative policy institute and online news service – working towards creating awareness and highlighting the various global and regional security threats Pakistan faces. PKKH works with analysts, journalists and media personalities in Pakistan to encourage dialogue and action on policy matters as well as creating awareness within the populace about key security and defense issues, using mass media presence, talk shows, advertising, public events and road shows. RECENT POST May 14, 2017 Geo-economics must take precedence over geo-politics, PM says in Beijing May 14, 2017 India skips China’s Silk Road summit, warns of “unsustainable” debt May 14, 2017 Masterchef 2017: British-Pakistani Doctor Saliha Mahmood-Ahmed wins title Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2015 PakistankaKhudahafiz. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter RSS
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts KGI: 70% likelihood that Apple will unveil 10.5″ iPad Pro at WWDC next month Christian Zibreg on May 14, 2017 2 KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says there’s over 70 percent likelihood that Apple’s rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro with a redesigned chassis is formally announced at the June 5 WWDC keynote as suppliers are gearing up for volume production in early June. In his Saturday research note to clients, titled “2017 WWDC highlights” and seen by MacRumors, the analyst wrote that Apple’s engineers were able to squeeze a 10.5-inch display into a similar form factor to the existing 9.7-inch iPads due to the narrower side bezels on the upcoming 10.5-inch iPad Pro model. Here’s an excerpt from the note: The newly designed 10.5-inch iPad Pro will have a similar form factor to the 9.7-inch model, but will feature a larger display thanks to narrow bezels. The new design should improve the user experience and help gain traction in the corporate and commercial sectors. He added that Foxconn will be assemble the new device, while GIS will be the sole supplier of touch panel modules. KGI forecast 10.5-inch iPad Pro shipments of five to six million units in fiscal 2017, accounting for fifteen percent of total fiscal 2017 iPad shipments. The analyst did not specify if the upcoming device will have the traditional LCD screen or one based on AMOLED display technology like iPhone 8. For what it’s worth, Kuo said in August 2016 that a “revolutionary” iPad model with flexible AMOLED panels and other “radical changes” in form factor design shouldn’t be expected before 2018. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube For the sake of completeness, we should mentioned that KGI speculated last October that the device would sport the same 2,7320-by-2,048 pixel resolution as the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, with the same pixel density as the iPad mini 4 at 326 pixels per inch. At that resolution, the width of the 10.5-inch iPad model would be the same height as the current iPad mini models, meaning users could be able to run two full-sized windows side-by-side in iOS’s Split View multitasking mode. Raymond Soneira, a display expert and president of DisplayMate Technologies, thinks that if the new 10.5-inch iPad shrinks the bezel and keeps the outside dimensions the same, then the display aspect ratio will increase from the current 1.33 to as high as 1.50. “The screen area would then increase by up to 31 percent. However, with no bezel at all the screen diagonal would then be 11.2 inches for the same outside dimensions as the current 9.7-inch iPad model with the rounded corners,” he added. WWDC kicks off with a keynote address at 10:00am Pacific Time on Monday, June 5. Image: 9.7-inch iPad Pro with a 10.5-inch piece of paper overlaid via Dan Provost. Tagged: AMOLED Analyst Apple iPad iPad Pro KGI Securities Ming-Chi Kuo News OLED Rumors WWDC WWDC 2017 MORE FROM iDB KGI: Apple’s first home AI product could debut at WWDC 2017 KGI: 10.5″ model joining iPad Pro lineup in 2017, radically overhauled AMOLED iPad in 2018 KGI: iPhone 8’s 3D Touch may provide higher sensitivity and wider range of pressure levels Rowan09 The iPad Pro 12.9 is my favorite device. I can’t even use my wife’s iPad Air 2 anymore after she bought me the Pro. The battery life is great and with a Mac Pro USB C charger it charges in no time. Usama Can you guys make a complete iPad line up post? Apple is ridiculous… so many iPads and their namings… Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Daily Deals: $40 Fitbit activity tracker, $300 off MacBook Pro, and more Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar How to install Kodi on Apple TV 4 Apple snaps up machine learning startup focused on dark data KGI: Siri home speaker to sport physical controls via dedicated touch panel KGI: 70% likelihood that Apple will unveil 10.5″ iPad Pro at WWDC next month Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… This tweak lets you summon banners with battery information NoBlurFrontCamera disables the blurred camera effect in the FaceTime app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar Apps Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app Big Keys, Subtotal, Dazzle Browser, and other apps to check out this weekend Google’s Allo messaging app will soon let you create personalized stickers from your selfies Drop everything (except your bags) – this app is all you need for grocery shopping Pagico 8.7 helps you make better plans and actually stick to them [sponsored] Accessories Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. Deals Roadmap Planner: Professional Plan for $29 Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV Beginner Racing Drone for $99 Topless Waterproof iPhone Case for $29 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 8 The Galaxy Note 8 is going to be huge. Here are three reasons why May 14, 2017 9:12 AM PDT The Galaxy Note 8 will be Samsung's large-screen phone aimed at power users, and it's going to be big. By "big," I don't just mean its size, though I'm guessing it'll have about the same dimensions as the Galaxy S8 Plus with its 6.2-inch screen. I mean that it'll be more important than any other Note phone ever made, for three main reasons. (By the way, we know that the Note 8 is a sure thing because Samsung mobile chief DJ Koh told CNET so.) It will: Enlarge Image The Note 8's signature stylus could come with a whole set of new tricks. Sarah Tew/CNET 1.) Be the first Note model released after Samsung recalled 3 million Note 7 units due to battery fires. In that sense, it'll be the real test of the Note line's recovery even more so than the so far incident-free Galaxy S8. 2.) Give Samsung the chance to fix the S8's biggest problem, the awkward placement of the fingerprint reader to the right of the camera lens. That could now go on the center back (like on the Google Pixel, LG G6 and Huawei P10) or -- if Samsung really gets its tech together -- under the glass. It could also jump on the dual-camera trend that the S8 passed up. 3.) Battle Apple's 10th anniversary iPhone, possibly called the iPhone 8, which we expect to arrive in September. Apple is expected to pull out all the stops for this one, so the competition could be fiercer than usual. I also expect this next Note to give its digital stylus, which Samsung calls the S Pen, more tricks than last year's short-lived Note 7 (like a speaker in the pen top -- more below!). What we 'know' about the Note 8 The Note 8 will use Samsung's new eight-point battery test Samsung instituted this enhanced safety checklist as part of a revised testing measure after discovering holes in its battery testing that led to the Note 7 failures. The Galaxy S8 phone uses it too, along with every other Samsung phone going forward. It will also have something more than the Galaxy S8. "I will bring back a better, safer and very innovative Note 8," Koh said. Whatever that innovation is, it's something Samsung is clearly reserving for the Note 8. The Bixby AI assistant will work straight out of the box Samsung hasn't confirmed this, but it has said that its Bixby digital assistant is a priority on Samsung phones and other devices, too. The electronics giant is hoping to turn Bixby into a full-blown ecosystem robust enough to rival Amazon's Alexa, the Google Assistant and Apple's Siri (oh, and you too, Microsoft's Cortana!) I strongly assume that the Note 8 will feature a standalone Bixby button like the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. Unlike those two phones, Bixby Voice (which is a little like Apple's Siri) should be developed enough to launch right with the phone (we're still waiting to try Bixby Voice on the S8). It'll arrive in August or September We're expecting the Note 8 to come in August if it continues to follow Samsung's typical release cycle. Last year's Note 7 came a little earlier than usual (early August rather than late August), but the phone has been announced before Apple's yearly iPhone (early September) ever since the Note series began. In recent years it's shown up in stores before the iPhone, too. But... There's also a good chance that Samsung will want to hold off on an early August release this time around, both to triple-check that Note 8 battery safety and to strategically time the Note 8 to the iPhone 8 launch. At this point, I'd still put my money on a September arrival. Enlarge Image Every Note phone ever made... so far. Josh Miller/CNET It'll cost a lot The Note 7 came in at about $850/£750/AU$1,349, so expect the cost to start there. More expensive parts, like a second camera, could hike up the price. Top rumors The speculation is just beginning, but expect the rumors and leaks to mount by the week as we approach August. Until then, here are the most likely rumors right now. The Note 8 could curve on all sides Samsung could one-up its own Galaxy S8, which has extremely slim bezels and curves on both sides. The company is reportedly working on a phone whose glass also curves on the top and bottom. The S8 (and Note 7 before it) curved equally on the front and back, making it symmetrical whichever side you held. The Note 8 might do the same. How about a 6.4-inch screen? The Note 8 could top the Galaxy S8 Plus' 6.2-inch display with a 6.4-inch screen on a body not much larger than the S8 Plus. The figure comes from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple Insider reported. Samsung will most likely keep the screen resolution high. We've heard whispers of a 4K screen resolution, which makes sense if the screen is inches from your face in a VR headset. Otherwise, your eyes probably won't register too much of a difference between the S8's 2,560 by 1,440-pixel resolution and the much higher 4K resolution. (Sony's Xperia Z5 Premium from 2015 had a 4K resolution, which translated into a 3,840 by 2,160-pixel resolution.) Make that screen pressure-sensitive The Galaxy S8 was widely rumored to have a pressure sensitive display like Apple's 3D Touch feature that debuted on the iPhone 6S. The rumor also extended to the Note 8, according to "sources" cited by Korean outlet The Investor. It could have two rear cameras I've said this before, and I'm not the only one to think that Samsung's saving the best of its camera upgrades for the Note 8. Analyst Kuo agrees, stating that the dual-camera mount may be the biggest significant design change from the S8 family to the Note 8, stylus notwithstanding. As with the LG V20, one of the twin lenses could handle wide angles. (We're hearing a 12-megapixel wide-angle lens and a 13-megapixel telephoto lens.) The S Pen could have a built-in speaker I've been waiting for ages for the S Pen's cap to do something really cool, like erase when you flip it over. The rumor that it will contain a speaker might be even better. A speaker within the S Pen top could shoot audio out of the pen, making it replace the speaker grille. Does that mean it could also talk to you, or that you could talk to it? We'll find out! Best Phones of 2017 See All Samsung Galaxy S8 Starting at: $719.99 That stunning curved screen will make your mouth water, but the awkward fingerprint reader... Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Starting at: $839.99 If the bigger version of the world's most beautiful phone has one fault, it's that it... Google Pixel Starting at: $649.99 With the help of an Assistant, Google's first in-house designed Pixel phone makes a kickass... LG G6 Starting at: $500.00 With the G6, LG ditches the mod life and goes conventional. It's boring, but it works.   Discuss: Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Phone Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Phone Part Number: CNETsamsunggalaxynote8phone Visit manufacturer site for details. About The Author facebook twitter google Jessica Dolcourt A California native, Jessica Dolcourt grew up in Silicon Valley when Yahoo trumped Google and SGI was one of the hottest names in tech. She joined the CNET team in 2006 and began reviewing cell phones and smartphones when there was still a difference between the two. Jessica loves technology in all its forms, and has a soft spot for the clunky flip phones of yesteryear. Hot Products Amazon Echo The connected home experience you didn't know you wanted $149.99 Apple iPhone 7 Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack $599.99 Samsung Galaxy S7 Nailed it $343.62 Apple iPad Pro (9.7-inch) The best iPad ever can't quite kill your laptop -- yet $502.00 Microsoft Surface Book i7 All about that base $2,399.00 CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/14/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/14/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? Here's the bull and bear case for Apple stock -- and what this analyst believes investors should do. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) May 14, 2017 at 12:13PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock hit yet another new high last week, with shares closing at slightly above $156. The week's gain puts shares up an impressive 69% in the past 12 months, and up 44% in the past six months alone. Apple stock's big gain follows the tech giant's return to growth a few quarters ago, as well as greater investor confidence in the company's ability to continue growing its business. Image source: Apple. But with Apple stock trading so much higher, it's a good time to ask the all-important question: Is Apple stock still a buy at this level? Bull case The bull case for Apple is highlighted by the company's recent return to growth and its conservative valuation (Yes, Apple stock still trades conservatively even after its recent gains). Apple's growth prospects are undoubtedly looking more favorable than they were last year. After reporting three quarters in a row of declining revenue in fiscal 2016, Apple has now reported two quarters in a row of year-over-year growth. Even more, Apple's growth in its most recent quarter actually accelerated compared to growth in the quarter before it. Revenue in fiscal Q2 was up 4.5% year over year and EPS was up 10.5% year over year. This compares to year-over-year growth for revenue and EPS in Q1 of 3.3% and 2.4%, respectively. Going forward, Apple expects growth to continue to accelerate. The midpoint of management's guidance for third-quarter revenue implied about 5% year-over-year growth. In addition, despite Apple stock's soaring stock price recently, shares continue to trade conservatively. For instance, Apple stock has a price-to-earnings ratio of 19. While this is well above the P/E ratio of about 10 Apple stock had one year ago, it's still handily below the average P/E ratio of about 24 of stocks in the S&P 500. Comparisons aside, Apple's long track record of fat profit margins and pricing power alone makes it easy to imagine the tech giant living up to this valuation. Bear case But one reason for investors to be cautious about investing in Apple is the company's undeniable dependence on its iPhone, which happens to also be a business segment that is showing signs of peaking. While Apple's iPhone revenue in its most recent quarter increased 1% year over year, iPhone unit sales were down 1% during this same period. To be fair, Apple's iPhone 7 lineup marks the third generation in a row of new iPhones with the same general form factor. So, it's possible that some customers are holding out for a more significantly refreshed iPhone, which the ever-active Apple rumor mill believes is coming later this year -- just on time for the tenth anniversary of the important phone. But here's where the risk to Apple's business is best understood: If iPhone sales do begin to decline in the future, this could be a major problem since the smartphone segment accounts for well over half of Apple's revenue. In Apple's most recent quarter, iPhone sales accounted for about 63% of total revenue. Image source: Apple. Despite Apple stock's roaring gains recently, I'm going to continue siding with the bulls. Sure, I wouldn't put as much of my money on the stock today as I would a year ago, but I'm not planning to trim my position either. As long as Apple continues to demonstrate strong pricing power and earnings growth, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19 still seems compelling for this established leader.  Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info May 14, 2017 at 12:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $156.10 up $2.15 (1.40%) Read More A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? Apple Shouldn't Buy Netflix: Here's Why Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple’s 10.5-inch iPad Pro tipped to debut at WWDC Adam Westlake - May 14, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit We’ve been hearing about Apple working on a new addition to the iPad Pro lineup — one with a 10.5-inch display, to be specific — for some time now, and June’s Worldwide Developers Conference is expected to be when it will finally be unveiled. This comes from the latest report by Ming-Chi Kuo, the well-regarded KGI Securities analyst with a solid track record when it comes to Apple. Since last year Kuo has been predicting the announcement of a 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 as well as an all new 10.5-inch iPad Pro model. The latter is expected to be almost the same form-factor as the current 9.7-inch iPad, but feature a larger screen paired with much narrower bezels — similar to what we might see on this fall’s new iPhone. The analyst believes the WWDC event on June 5th will see the announcement of the new iPad design due its production being scheduled to begin later that month. Lastly Kuo notes that there is a strong chance Apple will use WWDC to reveal the much-rumored new Siri speaker device. Expected to challenge Amazon’s Echo and the Google Home connected speakers, the new Siri product is said to have been in testing for several months now, and according to recent hints from Apple’s Phil Schiller, seems likely to feature a touchscreen display. SOURCE 9to5Mac Story Timeline 10.5" iPad Pro in 2017, with flexible AMOLED in 2018, says Kuo 3 new iPads, including bezel-free 10.9in model, tipped for March 10.5-inch iPad in Q2 could minimize effect of dropping sales iPad leaks reveal four new models are being tested Apple Siri Speaker expected for WWDC 2017 Apple VP shares thoughts on voice-powered speakers with screens Tags AppleiPadiPad ProrumorsiriSpeakerTabletWWDC Must Read Bits & Bytes Four things driving the new 2017 Ford GT taught us 2017 Ford GT First Drive: When brute-force and beauty collide Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: 8 things to know NVIDIA’s Volta GPU platform wants to take the AI world by storm Cortana leads Microsoft’s AI assault with Intel and HP deals Latest Headlines Moto X 2017 leaked video almost reveals all May 15, 2017 Galaxy S8+ gets 6GB RAM, 128GB storage in Hong Kong May 14, 2017 Netflix hidden from unlocked, rooted Android devices May 14, 2017 Four things driving the new 2017 Ford GT taught us May 14, 2017 Apple buys machine learning specialists Lattice Data for $200M May 14, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo Yoga 720 Review — a slim, premium laptop with Thunderbolt May 10, 2017 Hulu Live TV Review: The promise of good things to come May 7, 2017 Mario Kart 8 Deluxe review: The return of the king May 5, 2017 2017 Ford F-150 Raptor Review: Living too large for everyday life May 5, 2017 BlackBerry KEYone Review: With QWERTY comes compromise May 4, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Acquires Lattice Data, their Third Major AI Company in Three Years | Main | Like the Pharaohs who built the Great Pyramids, Apple Park was designed to Project Power » May 14, 2017 Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other   Earlier today Patently Apple posted a report regarding Apple acquiring their third AI Company in three years to advance Siri and beyond. This week we also posted a report titled "AI Wars are almost reaching Fever Pitch with new Home Devices and Apple Fans look to WWDC 2017 for Apple's Response." Independent Digital Assistant-centric devices aimed at advancing the smart home are going to be a huge market over time. Interestingly the US Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple this week that revealed real advancements coming to future applications for Siri beyond today's iDevices and Mac. Apple introduces us to the concept of Siri on a user's iDevice communicating with an automated system hub that is a discrete entity. Apple provides many examples but in one case, the home based digital assistant can be associated with the user's door. The digital assistant using advanced facial recognition can identify who is at the door. The user can tell the home based Siri to open the door to let his girlfriend in, even if he's not a home. But if a stranger comes to the door the assistant can snap a photo and send it to the owner's iPhone seeking instructions on what to do with the unexpected visitor. The messaging is done through iMessage. Without a doubt, Siri is going to rapidly advance in many directions going forward and adding a new AI company this week just illustrates how Apple is plowing ahead in this area to keep Siri in tune or ahead of competitors like Alexa, Cortana, Bixby and others.   Siri: Architecture for advanced Interactions   Jumping right to the core of this invention, Apple's patent FIG. 7D noted below illustrates an architecture designed for advanced virtual assistant interactions.   Apple notes that a first digital assistant #700a is accessed by the user through an iPhone (any iDevice). A second digital assistant #700b is accessed by a user through a human automation system hub.   According to other embodiments, the second digital assistant is accessed by a user through an iPhone, Apple TV, CarPlay or any other device through which a digital assistant can be accessed (think of an Echo-like device).   In an example shown below in patent FIGS. 8Y and 8AA we're able to see that there could be a future 'Smart Home' application/digital assistant, as a second digital assistant.   More specifically Apple notes that "The user digital assistant #700a is separate from the hub digital assistant #700b; the two digital assistants 700a, 700b are discrete entities.   Each separate digital assistant 700a, 700b is associated with the same user, according to some embodiments; for example, the user digital assistant 700a may be accessed by the user through his or her portable electronic device 700a, and the hub digital assistant 700b may be accessed by the user through his or her home automation system. "   In the scenario noted in patent FIG. 8Y above Apple describes a digital assistant owned by Pierre generating a plan to let Tomas (Pierre's Father) into his apartment. During execution of that plan, the digital assistant #700b, which is associated with Pierre's apartment, awaits contingent input associated with Tomas' arrival – as noted in our cover graphic.   Referring to FIG. 8Y specifically, Pierre tells the digital assistant #700a, "Yes, let him in"; the digital assistant 700a displays that message on the iPhone. Pierre's digital assistant transmits this message to the message gateway #770 (see FIG. 7D above), which forwards the message to the blackboard #772 (Fig. 7D).   The digital assistant #700b associated with Pierre's apartment is forwarded the message by the blackboard or retrieves the message from the blackboard. The digital assistant #700b then causes the dispatcher (#776 of FIG. D) to unlock the door lock (#782 FIG. D). The plan generated to let Tomas in when he arrives is not complete, because Tomas has not yet arrived.   Apple then adds a twist to the scenario. Apple notes that "a visitor other than Tomas has arrived at the door. This is an exception to the plan.   Referring also to FIG. 7D, Apple notes that according to some embodiments, the digital assistant 700b associated with Pierre's apartment generates a message that a person who has identified himself as "Jim the plumber" is at the door; that message travels through the blackboard and message gateway to Pierre's digital assistant 700a, which in this example is shown as digital assistant 700a. Pierre's digital assistant recognizes the identity discrepancy between Tomas and "Jim the Plumber," identifying the exception.   A message will be displayed on the display of Pierre's iPhone: "'Jim the plumber' is at your front door. What should I do?" Pierre is not expecting a plumber, and is surprised one would want entry to his apartment at 8:00 p.m. Referring to FIG. 8AA above, Pierre tells the digital assistant, "Don't let him in. Also, call the building manager."   The digital assistant 700b then leaves the door locked. Further, the digital assistant calls the building manager, and informs the building manager that "Jim the plumber" is at the door. The plan generated to let Tomas in when he arrives is not complete, because Tomas has not yet arrived. However, the exception has been handled by refusing entry to the apartment to "Jim."   Apple goes on to describe a selected "plan template." For instance, when Pierre's father finally arrives and is let in, Pierre may have assigned his home digital assistant to start playing his father's favorite tunes over his home stereo system automatically. The plan may then dictate that when Pierre's father arrives, a reservation is to be made at a favorite Chinese restaurant so that the table should be ready once Pierre gets home. The reservation isn't to be made until Pierre's car is within 10 miles from home.   Is that sophisticated enough for you?  Yes, Siri has gone to college in this next round of advancement and it will be able to handle very detailed game plans set by its owner.   During Apple's Q1 2017 financial conference call Apple's CEO Tim Cook made a big pitch for Siri at Home by noting that "I'm personally using HomeKit accessories and the Home App to integrate iOS into my home routine. Now when I say good morning to Siri my house lights come on and my coffee starts brewing. When I go to the living room to relax in the evening I use Siri to adjust the lighting and turn on the fireplace. And when I leave the house, a simple tap on my iPhone turns the lights off, adjusts the thermostat down and locks the door. When I return to my house in the evening as I near my home, the house prepares itself for my arrival automatically by using a simple geofence. This level of home automation was unimaginable just a few years ago and it's here today with iOS and HomeKit."   Siri for the home is one of the key areas that Apple is obviously focusing on and we're likely to hear more about this at their upcoming WWDC event next month.   In April a patent surfaced revealing an echo-like device being able to coordinate specific tasks between varying iDevices. We also learned that a new security feature was coming to Siri that involved understanding the owner's voice over others. Earlier this month Apple's VP worldwide marketing Phil Schiller weighed in on an echo-like device should have a display.   All in all, patents supporting advancements to Siri are on the rise of late and today's report illustrates how sophisticated AI will be getting over time. The one sophisticated example provided in this patent filing is just the tip of the iceberg of what's to come.   Apple originally filed their patent in 2015 under application 62252835. One of the inventors listed on the patent filing is none other than the former Chief Scientist at Siri Inc. who joined Apple in May 2010. Considering that this is a patent application – the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 14, 2017 at 09:51 AM in 1. Patent Applications, 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other Apple Acquires Lattice Data, their Third Major AI Company in Three Years Steve Jobs Changed the Attire Worn at Keynotes Forever and most Tech CEO's Copy his Style to this Day The FTC Responds to Qualcomm's Motion to dismiss their case about Monopoly Power, Samsung & Intel File Amicus Briefs Quanta Reports Best Q1 sales since 2012 Due to Strong MacBook Pro sales, Considers Dropping Apple Watch Microsoft Keynote Revealed Advances in HoloLens, Digital Pen Input, a 3D UI and iTunes coming to the Windows Store Apple Awards Corning First Investment from their Advanced Manufacturing Fund as Promised Apple Introduces a Series of 16 Short 'How to' Videos on how to use the iPhone 7 Cameras Researchers at UCSF and Cardiogram Confirm Apple Watch Sensors are 97% Accurate in Heart Study Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYThe Excitement of Disrupt NY Starts On Monday Get Your Tickets Today Gadgets EEG hardware hack uses blink detection and predictive text for hands-free typing RoboWaiter wants to make American restaurants great again with robots Amazon made landline phones trendy again Browse more... Apple Apple acquires AI company Lattice Data, a specialist in unstructured ‘dark data’, for $200M Crunch Report | Waymo v. Uber is going to trial Gorilla Glass maker Corning gets $200 million from Apple’s US manufacturing investment fund Browse more... iPad Apple hits a speed bump in Q2 after its stock soared in the past year As Chromebook sales soar in schools, Apple and Microsoft fight back The $999 SlingStudio makes it easy to produce multi-camera Facebook Live and YouTube streams Browse more... rumor Crunch Report | Rumors: Amazon’s New Echo Device This could be Amazon’s Echo with a built-in display Another iPhone 8 leak hints at wireless charging Browse more... Get ready for a new iPad and a mysterious Siri speaker at WWDC Posted 16 hours ago by Romain Dillet (@romaindillet) 0 SHARES Next Story Pattern recognition According to reliable analyst KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo and 9to5mac, Apple is about to launch not one but two new hardware devices at its WWDC conference in a few weeks. A new iPad with thinner bezels and a bigger screen is likely. This iPad has been rumored for months. There could also be an Amazon Echo competitor from Apple. As the name suggests, WWDC is a developer conference. For the past few years, Apple has focused on software announcements as these are relevant news for its developer community. This year should be no different. You can expect a preview of iOS 11, macOS 10.13, tvOS 11 and watchOS 4. But Apple also usually announces new devices during a Spring event. The company’s new devices (and new campus) weren’t quite ready for prime time. So Ming-Chi Kuo thinks Apple is going to use WWDC as the launchpad for its new devices. Apple updated the entry-level iPad with better specs and a cheaper price. But what about the iPad Pro? The iPad’s form factor hasn’t changed in a while, but not this time. The 9.7-inch iPad is growing up. KGI thinks it’s going to have a 10.5-inch display, but it’s going to be roughly the same size. It’s unclear how it’s going to work for app developers when it comes to display resolution and pixels per inch. It’s going to be a bit awkward when you hold it as your thumb will probably cover part of the screen. As for the mysterious speaker, Apple has been working on a revamped version of Siri for a while. And it looks like Apple doesn’t plan to stop there as the company should also announce an Amazon Echo-like device with better sounding speakers and a more expensive price tag. Rumor has it that it could have a display. Apple could position its rumored Echo competitor as a high-end speaker that also happens to be a vocal assistant. In addition to that, the company could be selling a ton of Apple Music subscriptions if it was the only way to stream music on the device. Even more important than Siri, Apple’s Amazon Echo could be a dedicated Apple Music device. There you have it. Mark your calendars as June 5 is going to be a packed Apple keynote. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase iPad Description The Apple iPad, formerly referred to as the Apple Tablet, is a touch-pad tablet computer announced in January 2010, and released in April Website http://www.apple.com/ipad Full profile for iPad Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Waymo v. Uber is going to trial | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes rumor iPad Apple Gadgets Popular Posts Featured Stories Reinventing the electric car with Lucid Motors VIDEO | 4:26 | Gadgets reVIVE wins the Disrupt NY 2017 Hackathon Grand Prize 12 hours ago | Romain Dillet CodeCorrect finds solutions to common errors in your code 14 hours ago | Ryan Lawler SNL just came up with a hilarious version of Alexa designed for senior citizens yesterday | Fitz Tepper Apple acquires AI company Lattice Data, a specialist in unstructured ‘dark data’, for $200M yesterday | Ingrid Lunden Latest From Gadgets EEG hardware hack uses blink detection and predictive text for hands-free typing 13 hours ago | Natasha Lomas RoboWaiter wants to make American restaurants great again with robots 14 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Amazon made landline phones trendy again yesterday | Romain Dillet Echodyne’s pocket-sized radar may be the next must-have tech for drones (and drone hunters) May 12, 2017 | Devin Coldewey Comment moderation powered by Up Next Pattern recognition Posted 18 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Lead Full-Stack Engineer at CodePath (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior full-stack React/Node/Java technical instructor at CodePath (Sunnyvale, CA / Remote) Director of Engineering @ Carbine Coffee at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) SDET (Software Design Engineer in Test) at Labelmaster Software (Seattle, WA, United States) Senior DevOps Engineer at Labelmaster Software (Seattle, WA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Access codes for United cockpit doors accidentally posted online 29 minutes ago by Catherine Shu Report: Hackers ‘aligned’ with Vietnam government attacked international firms and media 41 minutes ago by Jon Russell Microsoft’s response to widespread cyber attacks may make you WannaCry 1 hour ago by Jonathan Shieber Lyft and Waymo to team up on self-driving cars amid Uber controversy 4 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Rocket Lab’s test launch window for its private orbital complex begins May 21 5 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Backed by Chinese gov, Silk Ventures is a new $500M fund to invest in European and U.S. ‘scale-ups’ 8 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Lucid’s unique approach to cars is about more than just electric drivetrains 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Companies, governments brace for a second round of cyberattacks in WannaCry’s wake 11 hours ago by Jonathan Shieber UK National Cyber Security Center issues new statement on cyberattack 12 hours ago by Jonathan Shieber reVIVE wins the Disrupt NY 2017 Hackathon Grand Prize 12 hours ago by Romain Dillet
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Siri Speaker And 10.5 iPad Pro Launch Likely Next Month By Adnan Farooqui on 05/14/2017 08:38 PDT There have been countless rumors so far about two new hardware products that Apple is expected to unveil in the near future. We’ve heard about the 10.5 inch iPad Pro time and again. Recently there have been rumors about a Siri-powered speaker that would be similar to the Amazon Echo. A well regarded Apple analyst is of the view that both products are going to be launched next month. In his latest note to investors, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has predicted that Apple is going to launch the 10.5 inch iPad Pro and the Siri speaker at the Worldwide Developers Conference 2017 next month. Kuo predicts that due to a production ramp-up at the end of this quarter, it’s highly likely that Apple is going to announce a new iPad at its developers conference this year. He also reiterates his belief that there’s a good chance that Apple is going to launch its much rumored Siri speaker next month. The device is said to feature a touch panel display and it’s believed that select Apple employees have been testing this device at home for several months now. Since it’s meant as an Amazon Echo rival, the speaker will have Siri baked in which will provide users with a host of features, including but not limited to music streaming, smart home control, and more. Filed in Apple >Gadgets. Read more about ipad pro, Siri. Apple iPad Pro Full specs and details ► Display 12.9" 2732x2048 IPS LCD Price (approximative) ~$865 - Amazon Camera 8 MP Ff/2.4 Aperture Size Weight 713 g Battery 38.8 mAh Launched in 2015-09 System 4GB RAM A9X + None Storage (GB) 128 Related Articles 2017-05-10 iPad Pro Refresh Now Rumored For June 2017-05-09 Apple Employees Have Reportedly Been Testing Siri Devices At Home 2017-05-09 Apple Extends iPad Pro Smart Keyboard Repair Program 2017-05-03 Apple's Siri Speaker May Have Entered Production 2017-05-02 Fisherman Credit Siri For Saving Their Lives 2017-05-01 Apple's Siri Speaker To Be A High-End Audio Device Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Get Old iPhone Ringtones Back Josh Smith12/26/2014 Do you miss your old iPhone ringtones? Do you long for the sound of the Marimba and Xylophone over your iPhone speakers when you receive an incoming call? We’ll show you how to get your old iPhone ringtones back and where to find the old iPhone text notifications without spending any money. Apple moved the old iPhone ringtones during an update last year, and delivered a new default iPhone ringtone and text message sound. If you don’t like these, you can quickly revert to the old iPhone ringtones and alerts. Apple now calls these the classic iPhone ringtones, and they are still on your iPhone in the settings for your sounds and contacts. You can make the old iPhone ringtones the default for everyone, or just for a special caller so you know who is calling. Here’s how to get old iPhone ringtones back on your iPhone. If you are trying to get your purchased iPhone ringtones back after installing iOS 8.1.2, this is not the guide you are looking forward. To get those back go to itunes.com/restore-tones on your iPhone. How to Get Old iPhone Ringtones Back Heres how to find and use the old iPhone ringtones on your iPhone. This works on any iPhone running iOS 7 or newer, including the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on iOS 8. Get your old iPhone ringtones back. Open up Settings and Go to Sounds. From here you will need to tap on Ringtone halfway down the screen to choose your old iPhone ringtones. On the next screen scroll down until you see Classic. Tap on Classic to open the list of old iPhone ringtones. Choose Ringtones and then Classic. On this next page you can choose the old iPhone ringtones. The Marimba ringtone is the default old iPhone ringtone. Tapping on this will make it your new ringtone. Marimba is the old iPhone ringtone you used to hear daily. To get your old iPhone text alerts back, you go through the same basic process, but tap on Text Tone or the other alerts to choose an old text tone from the Classic Menu.   If you want to use this for a single contact, you need to start by opening the contact from the main Contacts App. In the contact, tap Edit in the upper right corner. Halfway down the screen you can tap on the Default listing next to Ringtone or Text Tone. Next, tap on Classic and choose the tone or ringtone you want to use. You can also set the old iPhone ringtones for your contacts. You can repeat this across all of your contacts to set up special tones for all of your contacts if you want, using the new or the old iPhone ringtones or text tones. You don’t need to buy the old iPhone ringtones from the iTunes Store, but if you want other new iPhone ringtones, you can tap on Store in the upper right corner of the tones page to buy new ringtones. Most ringtones are $1.29 for a section of a song or a small melody. Users can also set custom vibration alerts for your contacts or for your default vibration alert. If you think the new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus vibration is too intense, you can use this to settle it down a little bit. Go to Settings -> Sounds -> Ringtone -> Vibration -> Create New Vibration. From here, you can tap out a custom vibration alert that is better suited for your needs. 2 Responses 03/02/2015 William Smith Reply 5.0.2 Is more trouble than it is worth if I knew a way of going back to the 4.4 version I have lost some apps my photos have disappeared not very happy, WOULD IT WILL BE THE LAST TIME I UPDATE my nexus 05/14/2017 Gallipolo Reply What a racket these phone companies have or the phone it’s self because you just took away the choo-choo sound without us even knowing it what a racket now I need to pay to get it back. Plus the ear keeps touching the screen and ear dialing or muting calls. I’ve read through all the discussions and there is no solution if you have a screensaver so I think it’s time to install a landline again enough of this mobile device giving my brain a tumor Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Why Tesla Could Become the Next Apple Mohanbir Sawhney Fortune May 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s bold prediction that his $53 billion company could one day be as valuable as , the most valuable company in the world with an $800 billion market cap, is based on his logic that Tesla will disrupt manufacturing with automation by going after the "machine that makes the machine." While it may seem just pie in the sky, there is a case for Tesla to become the next Apple. Tesla is betting that it can create a fully automated manufacturing process that will be as revolutionary as Henry Ford's continuous assembly line. Ford revolutionized manufacturing in 1913 by creating a process that broke the assembly of the Ford Model T into 84 distinct steps as the car moved down the line on a conveyer belt. The process revolutionized production and dropped the assembly time for a single vehicle from 12 hours to 90 minutes. Ford was able to reduce the cost of the Model T from $850 to $30 and produce a car every 24 seconds. Ford ended up selling 15 million Model T cars by 1927, and the continuous assembly line remains the foundation of automobile manufacturing to this day. Although automation with robots has dramatically improved the efficiency of automotive manufacturing, the final assembly is still a manual process. Tesla aims to combine its capabilities in advanced software and artificial intelligence (AI) with advanced automated manufacturing capabilities it acquired in November 2016 by buying Grohmann Automation to create a factory that will produce very high volumes at much lower costs than today's auto factories. A fascinating insight from Tesla's blog: The "factory becomes more of a product than the product itself." Tesla believes that it can usher in the next manufacturing revolution by dramatically increasing production volumes and reducing labor costs in manufacturing. See also: Elon Musk Says Robots Will Help Tesla Catch Up to Apple in Value So why won't other auto manufacturers follow suit and overtake Tesla? First, their products, as well as their factories, are bogged down by legacy. Tesla's electric cars are significantly easier to manufacture than internal combustion (IC) vehicles. Tesla's Model S has fewer than 20 moving parts, compared with almost 1,500 moving parts in an IC-engine car. This means that there are fewer steps in the assembly process, fewer suppliers to deal with, and lower inventory of components and parts. Further, Tesla doesn't have to deal with a unionized workforce, a complex supply chain, or a legacy dealer network. Free from this legacy, Tesla can embrace disruptive innovation without worrying about the backlash from workers, suppliers, and dealers. To become as big as Apple one day, Tesla will need more than the "Henry Ford" approach to manufacturing. It will also need the "Steve Jobs" approach to marketing by creating a vast global appetite for its products. The Apple iPhone is a global product that can be sold from New York to Mumbai to Beijing with very little incremental investment. However, Tesla's cars require the creation of infrastructure for charging and a distribution network from scratch--a very expensive and time-consuming process. Tesla will need to build out its charging network and distribution reach, country by country. China is an important overseas market for Tesla, as is Scandinavia; it also has a rollout plan for India with its Model 3. There are many bumps in the road in Tesla's ambitious journey. Skeptics point out that Tesla may run out of cash in the pursuit of its lofty ambitions: The investments that Tesla will need to make in manufacturing, battery production, charging infrastructure, and distribution networks will be too large and will take too long to pay off for Tesla to reach the scale that it needs. Tesla's acquisition of Grohmann also hit a bump when the founder and former CEO Klaus Grohmann exited the company last month after a disagreement with Musk. Tesla isn't without competitors, either, beyond the traditional automakers. Technology companies such as , Uber, and Baidu of China are all involved in autonomous driving technology. However, these competitors can potentially also become customers for Tesla, as they're more interested in technology and services than automotive manufacturing. While only time will tell if Tesla can reach the global scale and profitability of Apple, there are three reasons to be optimistic. First, Tesla's advanced automated manufacturing may allow it to reduce costs to the point that its mass-market models, such as the Model 3, can be highly profitable--a combination of high demand and high profits that was the formula for the Apple iPhone. Second, Tesla has the purity of purpose and a charismatic founder intent on global domination--just as Jeff Bezos has done at and Steve Jobs did at Apple. In a race between entrepreneurs and managers, entrepreneurs usually win. Read More Finally, history suggests that disruption rarely comes from incumbents. Tesla is disrupting the product as well as the factory that makes the product--something that incumbent automakers will find very difficult to do. If Tesla can reinvent the car and also reinvent the car factory, it stands a good chance of becoming the next Apple. Mohanbir Sawhney is the McCormick Tribune Foundation professor of technology at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com CEO Daily: Saturday May 13th Hate What Traditional Solar Panels Do to the Look of Your Home? Sign Up for Tesla's Solar Tiles Instead An Apple Analyst's View of Tesla Apple's Next Big Acquisition Target Might Not Be So Flashy This Famous VC Thinks Tesla Could Be the Next Apple Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Here's the Simplest Reason Ever Why Apple Won't Spend More Than $50 Billion to Buy Tesla The Street iPad Pro 2: 5 Expected Features International Business Times Apple reportedly acquired an AI startup focused on 'dark data' for $200 million Business Insider Amazon Is So Dominant in This One Market Apple May Have No Shot at Being a Leader The Street 11 reasons why Apple and Adobe should fear the new Microsoft CNET GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance Aric Almirola airlifted to hospital after vicious three-car crash From The Marbles The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC Toyota Motor backs flying car project that its young employees are voluntarily working on International Business Times Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple iPad Pro 2: 5 Expected Features Rishabh Jain International Business Times May 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The new model of the iPad Pro could launch in early April at the inauguration event for Apple Park, according to a report.More Apple was being projected to launch a new, premium iPad at the start of 2016. Instead, the company quietly launched a new no-frills budget tablet — the iPad. While that did dampen the buzz about the premium iPad Pro tablet a little, the device still seems to be on the horizon for 2017.  According to new reports, it is expected to launch at the World Wide Developers Conference, which takes place in San Jose, California from June 5-9.  According to analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, there is a major possibility that the tablet might be announced at the company’s June 5 keynote, as suppliers are getting ready for mass producing the tablet in early June. Read: Apple iPad Pro 2 10.5-Inch Launching At WWDC In June, Leaked Screenshot Hints As usual, Apple has been silent on the subject, but new reports on the subject have indicated many new features for the device. These include: An edge-to-edge display: The 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 might be the world’s first tablet with an edge-to-edge display. It is expected to have the same form factor as the iPad but will give consumers more surface area to work on. The reason behind this, according to Kuo, is that Apple wants to make the tablet appealing to commercial users. Along with Apple Smart Keyboard accessory, the tablet could work as a device for on the go. Touch Bar: The device is expected to be a premium one, which begs a possibility that Apple would endow it with high-end features from its device range. One such feature is the Touch Bar, a secondary display that was featured on the MacBook Pro 2016.  The Touch Bar will give users access to shortcuts and emojis, among other things. It will also differentiate the device from rest of the tablets in the market. Apple Pencil 2: According to reports, Apple is prepping a revamp of the accessory, which was launched with the iPad Pro 12.9-inch.  The new Apple Pencil is said to be magnetic, and the tablet is expected to have an electromagnetic strip, which will double up as a charging point and dock for the Apple Pencil 2.   iOS 11: The company is expected to reveal the next version of iOS at the event The iPad Pro 2 is expected to come loaded with the OS out-of-the-box. iOS 11 is expected to bring features such as an improved Siri, improved maps and enhanced 3D touch. 12-megapixel camera: The device is expected to have a 12-megapixel camera with features such as 4K video recording and Live Photos. Read: Apple Siri Speaker: 5 Expected Features Including Improved Beats Audio, Touchscreen Kuo projects that Apple might sell 5-6 million units of iPad Pro 2 in fiscal year 2017 and that the tablet will comprise around 15 percent of total iPad sales this year. He says that Apple’s biggest supplier, Foxconn will be making the tablet, while touch panel modules will be sourced from GIS. He further adds that the likelihood of Apple launching iPad Pro 2 at WWDC 2017 is even higher than the company’s rumored Siri-speaker.  Related Articles Judge Rules Against Apple’s Policy On Refurbished iPad Replacements iPad 2017 Is Basically A Throwback To iPad Air: iFixit Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Businesses brace for Monday as ransomware threat lingers Reuters Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack Associated Press Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Reuters Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists finally have a decent guess as to why Earth exists BGR News
Latest News Dow 20,897 -22.81 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,121 +5.27 +0.09% S&P 500 2,391 -3.54 -0.15% 3:04 A.M. ET Crude oil jumps to 2-week high as Saudis, Russia back continued output cuts 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.4% higher at 12,825.42 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,410.12 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,447.77 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 396.32 2:52 A.M. ET Petronas Chemicals net profit more than doubles 2:52 A.M. ET Fevertree sees 2017 results ahead of market views 2:51 A.M. ET Updated 4 tips to protect yourself from becoming a ransomware victim 2:50 A.M. ET Updated With $11 domain purchase, U.K. techie arms for battle vs. ‘WannaCry’ ransomware 2:40 A.M. ET Updated Microsoft slams spy agencies for hoarding hacking tools used in cyber attacks 2:34 A.M. ET Vodacom net profit up on subscriber growth 2:33 A.M. ET Lonmin loss widens on impairment charges 2:18 A.M. ET China's economy slows in April in 'turning point' 2:17 A.M. ET Waymo, Lyft to collaborate on self-driving cars 2:15 A.M. ET WannaCry attack hits Renault, 200,000-plus victims 12:02 A.M. ET Private colleges are offering discounts at historic levels 5/14 Asian markets largely surge ahead despite global risks 5/14 Western Digital seeks arbitration to block Toshiba’s chip-unit sale 5/14 Updated The biggest heavyweight Silicon Valley legal fight of our time is driving forward 5/14 China's economic activity widely slows in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics Apple’s $1,000 iPhone could mean a $900 billion market cap By Jennifer Booton Published: May 14, 2017 9:55 a.m. ET Share Apple stock hits another record as Goldman Sachs boosts target on hopes for the most expensive iPhone ever Getty Images Apple’s $1,000 phone lauded as stock’s next major catalyst. By JenniferBooton Reporter Apple Inc. is trading at all-time highs, but there are hopes for the stock to go substantially higher, if consumers are willing to spend substantially more for an iPhone. Goldman Sachs increased its 12-month price target on Apple AAPL, +1.40%  stock Friday because of the expectation that Apple will introduce a superpremium smartphone with a $1,000 price tag. Goldman analyst Simona Jankowski reiterated a buy rating in a note to clients, and pushed his target to $170 from $164, which implies upside of more than 10% from Thursday’s closing price and would give Apple a market capitalization of nearly $900 billion. Earlier this month after notching a number of share-price records, Apple became the first company with a market cap that exceeds $800 billion. Jankowski projected Apple will unveil its first $1,000 iPhone in September and that it could help rocket average selling prices and gross margins and “drive meaningful upside” to the stock. Apple is expected to unveil three new phones in September, Jankowski wrote, including a new ultra-premium-tier phone with a 5.8-inch screen that would feature an OLED screen and new advanced features, such as 3-D sensing to enable augmented-reality applications. The other phones would be of two screen sizes and more closely align with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Jankowski expects the more expensive iPhone to contribute 58% of total sales between the three phones in the quarters following their September launch. He pointed to higher demand for bigger-screen phones as evidence of this trend. In recent quarters, Apple has boasted record demand for the plus-size versions of its phones. See Also: What does Apple’s $300 billion in cash really mean? Apple has said anticipation and media hype leading up to the iPhone 8 launch has been a factor in iPhone sales performing below expectations. Last year, Apple recorded its first-ever annual decline in iPhone sales. While the flagship product returned to growth in Apple’s first fiscal quarter, it missed expectations against last quarter, which Apple CEO Tim Cook blamed on a “pause” in demand leading up to the launch of the iPhone 8. That anticipation has many analysts forecasting a “super cycle” for the coming iPhone launch. “The next iPhone is shaping up to be the most anticipated iPhone since the launch of the iPhone 6 in September 2014,” said Jankowski. Read: Apple expected to ship 250 million iPhones in 2018 However, industry tracker IDC said last month that smartphone shipments have been fueled by lower-priced phones in China and not refreshed premium phones. While Apple’s share of the world-wide smartphone market fell slightly to 14.9% from 15.4% year-over-year in the first quarter, Huawei’s share increased to 9.8% from 8.4%, OPPOs increased to 7.4% from 5.9% and Vivo’s climbed to 5.2% from 4.4%. While a pause in demand in anticipation of the iPhone 8 launch may be partially to blame, IDC expects more affordable phones to continue to drive demand. “Although we have seen an abundance of premium redesigned flagships that just entered the market, moving forward, we still expect most of the growth to come from more affordable models in a variety of markets” IDC analyst Anthony Scarsella said. The pricier phones—which Goldman believes will include a 128 gigabyte model priced at $999 and a 256 gigabyte model for $1,099—led the brokerage to increase its estimate on the average price consumers will pay for iPhones. Goldman’s fiscal 2018 average selling price, or ASP, estimate increased to $763, compared with the FactSet consensus estimate of $675. In some models, Goldman has ASPs soaring as high as $797. Last year, Apple’s iPhone ASPs were $645. In 2015, the year of the iPhone 6 super cycle, ASPs hit $671. Read Also: Apple issues $7 billion in corporate bonds Goldman increased its fiscal 2018 earnings per share estimate to $11.50 from $11, compared with the Street view of $10.42. The higher expectations are the direct result of higher ASPs, as opposed to expectations that Apple will sell more units. Goldman expects Apple to sell 243 million units in 2018, in-line with the FactSet estimate of 242 million. Shares of Apple gained 1.4% to $156.10 Friday, yet another closing record high. The stock has increased 18.2% in the past three months and 72.8% in the past year, vastly outperforming both the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.11%  and S&P 500 index SPX, -0.15% The Dow, a 30-member index that includes Apple, has gained 3% and 18%, respectively. More from MarketWatch With Comey Fired, What Happens to Russia Probe? Trump considering dumping Bannon, Priebus, Spicer: report Trump and Pence Face Questions on Comey Firing Quote References AAPL +2.15 +1.40% DJIA -22.81 -0.11% SPX -3.54 -0.15% Most Popular Bridgewater’s Dalio says the ‘magnitude’ of the next downturn will be epic Mother’s Day Moneyologist: My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — I want my fair share Tech stocks’ three winners, three losers after earnings season 4 tips to protect yourself from becoming a ransomware victim 4 Easy Tips for Shooting Better iPhone Video Jennifer Booton Jennifer Booton is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @jbooton. MarketWatch Partner Center Jennifer Booton Jennifer Booton is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @jbooton. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $156.10 +2.15 (+1.40%) Volume 32.0M Open $154.70 High $156.42 Low $154.67 P/E Ratio 18.26 Div Yield 1.61 Market Cap 813.9B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Volume 288.5M Open 20,893 High 20,916 Low 20,870 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,392 High 2,392 Low 2,387 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Pro 2017 Would Be Apple’s ‘Most Significantly Redesigned Product’ Of 2017, Says Analyst Gadgets 2 0 0 May 14, 2017 MacBook Pro 2017 Would Be Apple’s ‘Most Significantly Redesigned Product’ Of 2017, Says Analyst Simon Alvarez The current iteration of the MacBook Pro, which was revealed late last year, was an admirable, if not significantly flawed device. Though the machines were incredibly sleek, many professional users took issue with the MacBook Pro 2016’s lack of upgrade options. Fortunately, if one of the tech community’s most accurate Apple analysts is any indication, it appears that the 2017 iteration of the MBP would be far superior to its predecessor. According to a CultofMac report, the 2017 MacBook Pro would feature much of the features that were missing on the 2016 devices. Among these would be expandable memory, a much-loved feature that was unfortunately left out in the 2016 MBP. Ming-Chi-Kuo, arguably the tech industry’s most accurate Apple analyst, stated that 2017 would be the year when Apple finally put the “pro” back in the MacBook Pro. In fact, Kuo has reported that among Apple’s devices for 2017, the MacBook Pro would be “the most significantly redesigned product this year.” Interestingly, this particular decision appears to have been encouraged by the fact that numerous professional users shunned the sleek powerhouse machine due to its severe limitations. Also impressive is the fact that the analyst affirmed that the 2017 MacBook Pro would finally feature a variant with 32GB of RAM. This particular configuration is something that professional users would definitely appreciate, seeing as one of the 2016 MBP’s biggest limitations was its 16GB RAM limit. I love the new Apple touch bar. It makes finding & selecting a tab in Safari so easy. pic.twitter.com/xrAhW8ROlO — VM (Vicky) Brasseur (@vmbrasseur) May 11, 2017 Considering that the 2017 MacBook Pro would be featuring expandable memory, the noted Apple analyst stated that the upcoming machines would also be fitted with a line of newer, more powerful and more power-efficient chips. According to a Paste report, the 2017 MacBook Pro would finally feature Intel’s powerful, efficient Kaby Lake processors. The MacBook Pro 2016 was launched with much fanfare, and two of its variants even debuted with the Touch Bar, a feature that has never been seen before. Inasmuch as the device was full of bells and whistles, however, it was severely lacking in one particular department — its processor. While the device was stunning in design, its processors were aging Skylake chips, which were inferior to Intel’s industry-leading Kaby Lake processors. Apart from their lack of power, Skylake chips were also limited when it came to their supported laptop-grade memory, resulting in the MBP 2016’s 16GB cap on RAM. With Kaby Lake chips on board, however, Apple could increase the MacBook Pro 2017’s memory to 32GB of RAM. Coupled with the advanced Intel Kaby Lake chips, the processors would enable the MacBook Pro 2017 to truly perform according to its reputation and “Pro” moniker. This, of course, would most likely encourage avid Apple users who skipped out on the 2016 MBP due to the device’ limitations to finally go for an upgrade. The number of users still utilizing a souped-up 2012 MacBook Pro to this day is still very significant, after all. Apple Macbook Pro 15.4" Retina Quad-core i7 2.6Ghz 16GB 256GB Pro 450 with Touch ID & Touch Bar Space Grey – MLH32https://t.co/ehFUXL7fIM pic.twitter.com/jMfOAAlf5A — M.Z.H M.B.Z (@MZHMBZ1) May 11, 2017 Kuo, however, stated that while the MacBook Pro 2017 would surely be fitted with numerous upgrades, the device would not be available until late into the year. The analyst predicted that the top-tier 15-inch MacBook Pro 2017, which would feature 32GB of RAM and an advanced Intel Kaby Lake processor, would start production in Q4 2017, which would result in the device being available for customers almost at the end of the year. While the wait for the upgraded devices would be significant, the noted Apple analyst has stated that those looking to purchase Apple laptops this year would have a lot to look forward to. For one, the entry-level MacBook Pro without Touch Bar would most likely have its price reduced by a significant margin, making it an ideal replacement for the outgoing 13-inch MacBook Air. Overall, Apple fans would need some patience before purchasing a 2017 MBP, but when it does come out, it would surely be worth it. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, macbook pro, MacBook Pro 2017 August 4, 2016 49ers Extended A 4-Year Contract to NaVorro Bowman — What Can We Expect From The Linebacker? August 2, 2016 ‘Stranger Danger’: Kids Should Learn To Redefine This Term Since 93 Percent Of Abusers Are NOT Strangers to Kids Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYThe Excitement of Disrupt NY Starts On Monday Get Your Tickets Today Gadgets EEG hardware hack uses blink detection and predictive text for hands-free typing RoboWaiter wants to make American restaurants great again with robots Amazon made landline phones trendy again Browse more... Apple Apple acquires AI company Lattice Data, a specialist in unstructured ‘dark data’, for $200M Crunch Report | Waymo v. Uber is going to trial Gorilla Glass maker Corning gets $200 million from Apple’s US manufacturing investment fund Browse more... iPad Apple hits a speed bump in Q2 after its stock soared in the past year As Chromebook sales soar in schools, Apple and Microsoft fight back The $999 SlingStudio makes it easy to produce multi-camera Facebook Live and YouTube streams Browse more... rumor Crunch Report | Rumors: Amazon’s New Echo Device This could be Amazon’s Echo with a built-in display Another iPhone 8 leak hints at wireless charging Browse more... Get ready for a new iPad and a mysterious Siri speaker at WWDC Posted 16 hours ago by Romain Dillet (@romaindillet) 0 SHARES Next Story Pattern recognition According to reliable analyst KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo and 9to5mac, Apple is about to launch not one but two new hardware devices at its WWDC conference in a few weeks. A new iPad with thinner bezels and a bigger screen is likely. This iPad has been rumored for months. There could also be an Amazon Echo competitor from Apple. As the name suggests, WWDC is a developer conference. For the past few years, Apple has focused on software announcements as these are relevant news for its developer community. This year should be no different. You can expect a preview of iOS 11, macOS 10.13, tvOS 11 and watchOS 4. But Apple also usually announces new devices during a Spring event. The company’s new devices (and new campus) weren’t quite ready for prime time. So Ming-Chi Kuo thinks Apple is going to use WWDC as the launchpad for its new devices. Apple updated the entry-level iPad with better specs and a cheaper price. But what about the iPad Pro? The iPad’s form factor hasn’t changed in a while, but not this time. The 9.7-inch iPad is growing up. KGI thinks it’s going to have a 10.5-inch display, but it’s going to be roughly the same size. It’s unclear how it’s going to work for app developers when it comes to display resolution and pixels per inch. It’s going to be a bit awkward when you hold it as your thumb will probably cover part of the screen. As for the mysterious speaker, Apple has been working on a revamped version of Siri for a while. And it looks like Apple doesn’t plan to stop there as the company should also announce an Amazon Echo-like device with better sounding speakers and a more expensive price tag. Rumor has it that it could have a display. Apple could position its rumored Echo competitor as a high-end speaker that also happens to be a vocal assistant. In addition to that, the company could be selling a ton of Apple Music subscriptions if it was the only way to stream music on the device. Even more important than Siri, Apple’s Amazon Echo could be a dedicated Apple Music device. There you have it. Mark your calendars as June 5 is going to be a packed Apple keynote. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase iPad Description The Apple iPad, formerly referred to as the Apple Tablet, is a touch-pad tablet computer announced in January 2010, and released in April Website http://www.apple.com/ipad Full profile for iPad Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Waymo v. Uber is going to trial | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes rumor iPad Apple Gadgets Popular Posts Featured Stories Reinventing the electric car with Lucid Motors VIDEO | 4:26 | Gadgets reVIVE wins the Disrupt NY 2017 Hackathon Grand Prize 12 hours ago | Romain Dillet CodeCorrect finds solutions to common errors in your code 14 hours ago | Ryan Lawler SNL just came up with a hilarious version of Alexa designed for senior citizens yesterday | Fitz Tepper Apple acquires AI company Lattice Data, a specialist in unstructured ‘dark data’, for $200M yesterday | Ingrid Lunden Latest From Gadgets EEG hardware hack uses blink detection and predictive text for hands-free typing 13 hours ago | Natasha Lomas RoboWaiter wants to make American restaurants great again with robots 14 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Amazon made landline phones trendy again yesterday | Romain Dillet Echodyne’s pocket-sized radar may be the next must-have tech for drones (and drone hunters) May 12, 2017 | Devin Coldewey Comment moderation powered by Up Next Pattern recognition Posted 18 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Lead Full-Stack Engineer at CodePath (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior full-stack React/Node/Java technical instructor at CodePath (Sunnyvale, CA / Remote) Director of Engineering @ Carbine Coffee at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) SDET (Software Design Engineer in Test) at Labelmaster Software (Seattle, WA, United States) Senior DevOps Engineer at Labelmaster Software (Seattle, WA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Access codes for United cockpit doors accidentally posted online 29 minutes ago by Catherine Shu Report: Hackers ‘aligned’ with Vietnam government attacked international firms and media 41 minutes ago by Jon Russell Microsoft’s response to widespread cyber attacks may make you WannaCry 1 hour ago by Jonathan Shieber Lyft and Waymo to team up on self-driving cars amid Uber controversy 4 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Rocket Lab’s test launch window for its private orbital complex begins May 21 5 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Backed by Chinese gov, Silk Ventures is a new $500M fund to invest in European and U.S. ‘scale-ups’ 8 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Lucid’s unique approach to cars is about more than just electric drivetrains 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Companies, governments brace for a second round of cyberattacks in WannaCry’s wake 11 hours ago by Jonathan Shieber UK National Cyber Security Center issues new statement on cyberattack 12 hours ago by Jonathan Shieber reVIVE wins the Disrupt NY 2017 Hackathon Grand Prize 12 hours ago by Romain Dillet
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,509 Reviews & Articles | 55,233 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Corsair Dominator Platinum Torque DDR4 RAM Kit Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Apple orders 10nm A11 processors for the iPhone 8 Apple's A11 chip will likely be the first with the company's own GPU and could benefit greatly from a shrink from TSMC's current 16nm By: Lana Jelic | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 17 hours, 37 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA According to DigiTimes, a Taiwanese technology rumor website, Apple has already placed orders with TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company) for their new iPhone 8 processors.     While we still don't actually know whether or not Apple will call their new phone the iPhone 7S or iPhone 8, DigiTimes is already claiming to know that TSMC has taken orders from Apple for their newest phone using TSMC's upcoming 10nm process.   Currently, TSMC only produces chips for most of their clients at 16nm, while they introduced only this week their new 12nm process for NVIDIA's Volta GPUs. It seems that 10nm will be used for phones primarily because Apple is accompanied by HiSilicon and Mediatek as additional customers for TSMC's upcoming 10nm process.   What we can only assume will be Apple's A11 chip will likely be the first with the company's own GPU and could benefit greatly from a shrink from TSMC's current 16nm meaning even lower power and higher performance.   Of course, not everything we see about Apple on DigiTimes is always correct, but they tend to be pretty accurate when it comes to TSMC rumors. NEWS SOURCES:Digitimes.com Recommended for You Intel releases its last ever Itanium processor AMD Raven Ridge APU: 4C/8T CPU with Vega NCU tech Qualcomm announces Snapdragon 660 and 630 AMD Ryzen 5: best CPU launch in 7 years, says new... >> NEXT STORY: Alan Wake being pulled from all storefronts << PREVIOUS STORY: HTC U 11 will do '360 real-life recording' Related Tags Apple NVIDIA TSMC iPhone 8 iPhone 7S SoC processor 10nm Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Nintendo making Zelda smartphone game, sources say Oculus steps into proper room-scale VR with Rift Vive 2 won't come until HTC has 'meaningful innovation' Microsoft gives NSA backdoor, complains about exploits Intel releases its last ever Itanium processorView More News Posts Forum Activity Gigabyte M8000X software bugged RAM for Gaming 7 Z270 MB ASRock Fatal1ty B250M Performance Motherboard Review Installing the driver for Samsung Pro 960 NVMe drive on an Asus Deluxe99 II mobo GA-Z87X-UD3H PSU OK, power light, no start upView More Forum Posts Press Releases Micron accelerates all-flash storage speed, performance and value with new flexible petabyte-scale enterprise data center solution Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 and 630 mobile platforms drive advanced photography, enhanced gaming, integrated connectivity and machine learning Toshiba demonstrates latest 64-layer BiCS Flash on client NVM Express M.2 SSD at Dell EMC World ASUS announces two Cerberus gaming peripherals ASUS Republic of Gamers announces Strix Magnus microphoneView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Automate your life What you can use with Apple HomeKit in the UK By Richard Devine Sunday, May 14, 2017 at 9:00 am EDT 2 Comments Based in the UK and wondering what you can get that works with Apple HomeKit? We're here to help. It's not always easy being outside the U.S., since most of the hot new products seem to debut there first without much mention of the rest of the world. Apple is pretty solid at supporting its newest features in as many non-American places as it can, but in the case of HomeKit, it's not just on Apple. It's down to the companies making the hardware to support it, and that means regional issues. What you can get in the U.S. isn't necessarily what you can get in the UK. And that's where we come in. If you're looking to automate your home with Apple HomeKit in the UK, these are the products you'll be looking for. Lighting Heating Security Health Sockets Lighting Philips Hue When it comes to smart lighting, the first name you think of is Philips Hue. It's been around for some time now and established itself as the de facto choice in the market. With the latest revision to the Hue Bridge, your home lighting can now be hooked into your HomeKit setup. And the choice of products keeps on growing. Bulbs, LED strips, wireless lights, dimmer switches, Hue is the easiest system to use to rig up your whole house. See at Amazon KooGeek WiFi Smart Socket Smart lightbulbs are super fancy, but they're not for everyone. An alternative to something like Hue is this smart adapter for regular light bulbs from KooGeek. Hue is best used as a full system throughout the home, but this is perfect for folks wanting a little less coverage. It's an E27 socket and all you need to do is screw it into your ceiling in place of the bulb. The light bulb then goes into the Smart Socket and voila! One WiFi connected light bulb that you can control with Apple HomeKit. See at Amazon Nanoleaf Aurora If you're looking for something unusual in your lighting, then the Nanoleaf Aurora is just that. These modular, color changing light panels let you go wild and create a wall of light. It's not necessarily the most practical lighting solution, but it can be used to great effect to really highlight certain areas in your home and add a bit of "wow" factor. And as it's modular, to grow your Aurora you can just buy more panels. See at Amazon Heating Tado There's a slight catch here. Tado isn't currently compatible with HomeKit, but it will be, and it's offering a free upgrade to it for its customers. The newest version of the Tado Internet Bridge will be HomeKit-enabled, and existing customers can swap out their old one for it when it's available. That's great news because Tado is a really good smart heating system. There's a thermostat as well as individual radiator valves, allowing you to control your hot water tanks. Tado guarantees you'll save money by using it or get your money back. And while you wait for HomeKit there's at least a very well done app in the App Store to get up and running. See at Amazon Netatmo Thermostat Netatmo's smart thermostat was updated to include support for HomeKit and is a great option for those looking to keep their budget down. But while it might be available cheaper than some alternatives, it doesn't make it less functional. Netatmo says it'll use 37% less energy over the course of a year and is compatible with gas, oil or wood-fired boilers, and heat pumps. It's also somewhat more stylish to look at than others; after all, it is going in your home! See at Amazon Honeywell Lyric Interacting with the Honeywell Lyric without HomeKit is as easy as using a modern phone, thanks to the large touch display. You've also got a choice between wired and wireless thermostats depending on your particular home system. It works with traditional OpenTherm and Combi boilers and supports geofencing when programming. You can program the thermostat directly or through the Lyric or Apple Home apps. See at Amazon Elgato Eve Elgato Eve isn't just a heating controller, but that's one part of it. The system of products includes radiator valves, motion sensors, window and door sensors, plug sockets, and even a weather station for outdoors. With all of these products, you can really create a full-featured HomeKit setup that integrates heating, lighting, even security. They're all well-priced, too, and, as is normally the case with Elgato hardware, well-made. See at Amazon Security D-Link Omna Connected security cameras aren't uncommon, but the D-Link Omna is the first in the UK to support HomeKit. It's quite pricey, but you do get a 180-degree wide angle lens and full HD 1080p video recording for your money. It'll record clips and send you an alert whenever it detects movement and save its recordings to a microSD card. You can also talk to/yell at the people in your home with the built-in microphone and speaker, as well as see up to 5 meters in front at night. It also looks pretty smart, too, which is important for anything you're displaying in your home. See at Apple Health Netatmo While it looks like a camera, it's nothing of the sort. The Healthy Home Coach is there to keep tabs on air quality, noise, temperature, and humidity in your household, scoring it as "healthy" or not. Connect multiple coaches up throughout the home to monitor more rooms. The built-in profiles cater to things like asthma and for your baby and will give you real-time notifications, as well as advice on how to make your home healthier. See at Amazon Sockets WiFiPlug A British company offering HomeKit products for British people. Or it will be when they're on general sale. WiFiPlug is exactly as it sounds: a plug socket that's connected through Wi-Fi to Apple Homekit. They're currently available to pre-order, with release scheduled right now for some time in Q2 2017. These little sockets will allow you to turn on any of your home appliances through the power of HomeKit. And that's alright with us. See at WiFiPlug The future The choice in the UK may be somewhat limited compared to the U.S., but it's still possible to have a great HomeKit-enabled household thanks to the support of the manufacturers we do have launching products over here. The only way is up, right? We'd expect to see more HomeKit friendly products down the line. Canary is supposed to be a launching a new HomeKit enabled camera at some point, and Ring may well bring its new external camera to the UK alongside the products it already sells here. It's sad that the likes of Belkin and Withings have cancelled any plans they may have had at some point, but that's just how it goes sometimes. As folks who do love Britain and HomeKit announce new products we'll endeavour to keep this guide up to date. Likewise if there's something that slipped under our radar, drop it into the comments below and we can get it added to the list! HomeKit HomeKit FAQ HomeKit accessories HomeKit help HomeKit explainer HomeKit news HomeKit discussion Reader comments What you can use with Apple HomeKit in the UK 2 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating johnnygoodface I would still kill for a Homekit baseboard thermostat! We're the big forgotten! 0 12 hours ago Reply krislord I've got my lights and heating sorted (Philips Hue and Lyric) but I'm not sure there's much more within HomeKit that appeals. I've also got eve sensors but they don't actively do anything, just track temps. I don't have any good uses for plugs, as most devices don't suddenly come on when the mains is powered. They're only good for lamps and I've already got that covered with Hue. 0 12 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Apple to invest $200m in Gorilla glass manufacturer Corning Corning's 65-year-old Harrodsburg facility would be the focus of the investment. By Sarmistha Acharya May 14, 2017 13:25 BST Corning employees in Harrodsburg have helped create the cover glass found on iOS devicesApple Apple will invest $200m (£155m) from its new advanced manufacturing fund in Gorilla glass maker Corning as part of its commitment to bolster innovation among US manufacturers, the iPhone maker said. Earlier this month, Apple CEO Tim Cook announced that the company would be putting $1bn in an advanced manufacturing fund in the US to create more jobs. Cook said by doing this "we can be the ripple in the pond", as the manufacturing jobs could create more jobs around them. The $200m investment will support Corning's R&D, capital equipment needs and state-of-the-art glass processing. Corning's Harrodsburg facility would be the focus of Apple's investment. "This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global centre of excellence for glass technology," said Wendell P Weeks, Corning's chairman, chief executive officer and president. Weeks said the relation between the two companies has created about 1,000 jobs in the US across Corning's R&D, manufacturing and commercial operations, in addition to more than 400 jobs in Harrodsburg. Jeff Williams, Apple's chief operating officer, in a statement on 12 May said: "Corning is a great example of a supplier that has continued to innovate and they are one of Apple's long-standing suppliers." "This partnership started 10 years ago with the very first iPhone, and today every customer that buys an iPhone or iPad anywhere in the world touches glass that was developed in America," added Williams. Prior to the investment in Corning, Apple said on Wednesday (10 May) it would invest $1bn to expand its massive data centre in Reno, Nevada, where the company plans to hire another 100 workers. Apple said it has created two million jobs across the 50 states in the US. It has a total of 80,000 employees in the US of whom about 25,000 are engaged in R&D. Last year, the company spent more than $50bn with over 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. More from IBTimes UK Apple WWDC 2017: What to expect from Siri Speaker, iOS 11, MacBooks and more The Apple Watch can spot stroke-causing heart problems with uncanny accuracy Apple by numbers: US technology firm becomes the world's first $800bn business Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close NHS cyberattack: What you need to know Columnists Yasmin Alibhai-Brown “Rise of the female jihadi - The women waging religious war on the West READ MORE Hospitals across UK in lockdown as hackers hold them ransom All non-urgent activity has been suspended, NHS England said in a... Mars Rover or Batmobile? 'Mystery' prototype Nasa space vehicle revealed Full-size concept vehicle shown off at Nasa Kennedy Space Center in... Apple Watch can spot heart problems with 97% accuracy Study finds the Apple Watch, paired with AI, can spot an abnormal... Apple to invest $200m in Gorilla glass manufacturer Corning Corning's 65-year-old Harrodsburg facility would be the focus of the... Fears of renewed onslaught of global cyberattacks on Monday morning Rob Wainwright, director of Europol, said the scale of the attack was... Fiat Chrysler recalls 1.25 million pickup trucks due to software error The computer modules of the affected vehicles would be reprogrammed. Xperia X, X Compact, XZ and X Performance getting May Android security patch with low volume fix The update also brings performance and stability improvements for... Labour accuses Jeremy Hunt of ignoring 'extensive warnings' about NHS cyberattack Jonathan Ashworth said that Hunt must face questions on why systems... The business of hacking: Hospitals paid nearly £100m ransom to cybercriminals in 2016 Hospitals are seen as 'soft targets' due to their antiquated IT... Has North Korea resumed sending coded messages to its spies across the border amid WW3 fears? Pyongyang's state radio reportedly broadcast chilling coded messages... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Steve Jobs Changed the Attire Worn at Keynotes Forever and most Tech CEO's Copy his Style to this Day | Main | Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other » May 14, 2017 Apple Acquires Lattice Data, their Third Major AI Company in Three Years   Last Summer Apple acquired Turi a Seattle based artificial intelligence (AI) start-up for roughly $200 million. The year before that Apple aquired Vocal IQ whose artificial intelligence focused on specific markets such as automotive via Auto-Pilot Driver Assistance, wearable devices, smart homes and robotics. We're now learning that Apple has acquired their third AI startup in three years called Lattice Data, specializing in Dark Data. The company is based out of Menlo Park, California, with an .io domain.   GeekWire smartly reminds us that Apple is using the Turi acquisition to create a base of talent around artificial intelligence and machine learning in the Seattle area, where it has been growing its footprint. The Madrona Venture Group who backed Turi was also backing Lattice Data.   As noted above, Lattice Data provides a basic chart about the technology that they specialize in. Some of the links noted in the chart above Point to: Deep Dive, Factor Graph and Projects (one such project covers a DARPA project aimed at the fight against Human trafficking called MEMEX);   Wikipedia provides a general overview of 'Dark Data.' One area where dark data is being used is in an industrial context where it could include information gathered by sensors and telematics. Of course the latter could apply to Apple's Project Titan.   A TechCrunch source said that Lattice had been 'talking to other tech companies about enhancing their AI assistants,' including Amazon's Alexa and Samsung's Bixby, and had recently spent time in South Korea." Obviously Apple thought their digital assistant sales pitch fit in nicely with Siri.    Lastly, TechCrunch noted that "The deal was closed a couple of weeks ago, the source said, and about 20 engineers have joined the larger company."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 14, 2017 at 05:28 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other Apple Acquires Lattice Data, their Third Major AI Company in Three Years Steve Jobs Changed the Attire Worn at Keynotes Forever and most Tech CEO's Copy his Style to this Day The FTC Responds to Qualcomm's Motion to dismiss their case about Monopoly Power, Samsung & Intel File Amicus Briefs Quanta Reports Best Q1 sales since 2012 Due to Strong MacBook Pro sales, Considers Dropping Apple Watch Microsoft Keynote Revealed Advances in HoloLens, Digital Pen Input, a 3D UI and iTunes coming to the Windows Store Apple Awards Corning First Investment from their Advanced Manufacturing Fund as Promised Apple Introduces a Series of 16 Short 'How to' Videos on how to use the iPhone 7 Cameras Researchers at UCSF and Cardiogram Confirm Apple Watch Sensors are 97% Accurate in Heart Study Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] May 13 AAPL: 156.10 2.15 FTC again says Qualcomm is a monopoly as Samsung files amicus brief in support Chance Miller - May. 13th 2017 7:04 am PT @ChanceHMiller Samsung Qualcomm View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is currently engaged in a high-profile legal battle with Qualcomm centered on patent royalties. Apple struck first back in January and has since expand its lawsuit to additional countries, while Qualcomm has officially hit back with a countersuit. While the Federal Trade Commission had originally stated that Qualcomm had monopolistic like qualities, the trade group this week has yet again slammed the chip maker… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover In a filing with the US District Court in San Jose, California, the FTC accused Qualcomm of being a monopoly and preventing key customers, like Apple, from doing business with other companies. The FTC ultimately says that the case should proceed (via CNET): “Qualcomm uses its monopoly power to make [handset manufacturers] pay a royalty overcharge — a tax — when buying modem chips from its competitors,” the FTC filing reads. “Qualcomm further hampers those competitors by denying them the licenses it promised would be available on FRAND terms during standard- setting. And Qualcomm foreclosed its competitors from selling to a uniquely important customer, Apple, for half a decade using exclusive contracts.” Furthermore, several other companies have filed amicus briefs in support of the FTC. Most notably, Samsung on Friday expressed its support for the FTC’s statement, saying that the case should proceed and that it has also suffered from and been harmed by Qualcomm’s practices. Samsung accuses Qualcomm of refusing to “license its patents on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory terms.” Samsung goes on to explain that these actions prohibit it from making and selling its own licensed chipsets: “Because Qualcomm does not license [chipset] competitors, handset manufacturers have no choice but to accept Qualcomm’s onerous terms,” Samsung said. “Qualcomm directly excludes competitors and harms competition.” Additionally, Intel has also filed an amicus brief in support of the FTC, saying that Qualcomm has “driven nearly all of its competitors out of the premium LTE chipset market.” Earlier this month, it was reported that Qualcomm was seeking an iPhone import ban in the United States as Apple and its suppliers withhold some $1 billion in royalty payments. Tim Cook has publicly discussed being open to settling the legal dispute with Qualcomm, although he expects the legal battle to be a lengthy one. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Samsung View THe Guide Qualcomm View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] May 13 AAPL: 156.10 2.15 Analysts say Apple’s Corning investment signals future AR glasses & wireless charging tech Chance Miller - May. 13th 2017 7:44 am PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company corning View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit This week, Apple announced that it would be investing $200 million in glass supplier Corning as part of its new Advanced Manufacturing Fund. While the investment may seem straightforward on the surface, invest in a glass company for screens, analysts believe that it actually goes much deeper than that… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover As noted by CNBC, a pair of analysts on Friday expressed that there’s much more to this investment than just display glass. For instance, Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz, who regularly covers Corning, explained that the move away from metal to glass is a must for wireless charging technologies. Of course, it’s essentially common knowledge at this point that the iPhone 8 will switch to a glass design, but Uerkwitz believes that the Corning investment paves the way for wireless charging: “Metal can interfere with wireless charging technology,” he told CNBC. “That means you need glass on the back of the phone, but glass that won’t break. Or you need to use ceramics. Corning has a long history of investing in both glass and ceramics.” Furthermore, Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights explains that the investment in Corning by Apple is more of a partnership. Moorhead explains that Apple and Corning can work together to create glass that “properly magnifies” the 180-degree augmented reality experience. It’s been reported multiple times in the past that Apple is working on a pair of augmented realty glasses, thus needing a supplier for the glass for this initiative. “You need specialized glass in the headset, glass that properly magnifies the 180-degree experience of AR. Also, that glass has to be really light. Corning could develop that for Apple.” Moorhead also notes that with the investment, Apple would be in a position to obtain exclusive rights to the augmented reality-focused glass from Corning. When announcing the Corning investment, Apple explained that the $200 million would go to “support Corning’s R&D, capital equipment needs, and state-of-the-art glass processing.” Apple and Corning have been partners for 10 years and as Apple looks to grow United States manufacturing, the investment makes sense. But as always, maybe there’s more to the story than what Apple initially led on. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide corning View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] May 13 AAPL: 156.10 2.15 This week’s top stories: Siri speaker, WWDC invites, iPhone 8, a modular Mac Pro wishlist from the pros, HomeKit home tour, & more Jordan Kahn - May. 13th 2017 9:53 am PT @JordanKahn Top Stories View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: WWDC keynote invites go out, more reports about an upcoming Siri speaker and iPhone 8, we ask the pros what they want from a modular Mac Pro, and we get a tour of one of the first new HomeKit homes. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac This week Apple makes dates for its WWDC keynote official as invites begin going out to press. AAPL market cap reaches a record $800 billion and analysts raise targets to $1 trillion. Zac gives you his Siri Speaker Wishlist as a new report says the device is likely to launch at WWDC alongside refreshed iPad models. Apple acquires popular Apple Watch & iOS sleep tracking platform Beddit. And the latest iPhone 8 reports arrive as a special edition 32GB Space Gray iPhone 6 becomes available for just $200 w/o contract. We ask the pros what they want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display. We take a tour of one of the first Apple HomeKit homes. And Jeff continues with some more Hackintosh tips this week taking a look at options for AMD versu Nvidia for Final Cut Pro X. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: AAPL | WWDC Apple begins inviting press to WWDC 2017 keynote scheduled for June 5 10AM PT Apple acquires popular Apple Watch & iOS sleep tracking platform Beddit Photo captures 5th Ave Apple Store with iconic glass cube removed AAPL market cap reaches record $800 billion as analyst raises target to $1 trillion Siri Speaker Wishlist: hi-fi audio, multi-user control, HomeKit features, more KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software iPhone | iPad Special edition 32GB Space Gray iPhone 6 now available for just $200 w/o contract Nike’s new iPhone 7 cases have Air Force 1 and Roshe designs iPhone 8 images based on leaked factory CAD drawings show all glass design, thicker body iPhone 8 & 7s reportedly to go on sale in October, mass production ‘on schedule’ KGI: There’s a ‘rising probability of worst-case scenario’ for iPhone 8 shortages Purported ‘2017’ iPhone leak hints at Ion-X back glass Urban Armor Gear prepping case for 10.5-inch iPad Pro, with June availability Mac | Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Hackintosh: AMD or Nvidia for Final Cut Pro X? [Video] Apps | Snapchat update adds ‘limitless snaps’ and new creative tools Microsoft releases Visual Studio 2017 for Mac following preview New Apple Watch Activity Challenge discovered ahead of Mother’s Day This week’s top videos | We took a tour of one of the first Apple HomeKit homes [Video] Apple debuts new ‘How to shoot on iPhone 7’ website & video series Happy Hour Podcast  #119| This week Benjamin and Zac discuss iTunes coming to the Windows Store, Amazon Prime for Apple TV rumored for WWDC, the latest iPad Pro rumors, Apple buying a sleep tracking company, the Amazon Echo Show and Siri Speaker rumors, Apple’s new iPhone photography videos, and the Mother’s Day Activity Challenge for Apple Watch. Subscribe to get all 9to5Mac’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Clock pictured in top image from 9to5Toys: This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides This week's top stories Get this week's top AAPL stories. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] May 13 AAPL: 156.10 2.15 Apple acquires ‘dark data’ machine learning & AI company Lattice Data for $200M Chance Miller - May. 13th 2017 11:50 am PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit According to a report today out of TechCrunch, Apple has acquired Lattice Data, a company that specializes in artificial intelligence where it relates to so-called “dark data.” The report explains that the deal was closed a few weeks ago, with 20 or so engineers from Lattice Data joining Apple. Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Apple is believed to have paid somewhere around the price of $200 million for the company, but other specific information about its plans remain unclear. While Apple hasn’t specifically commented on Lattice Data, the company did issue its standard statement when asked about the acquisition: “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans.” Essentially, what Lattice Data does is take “dark data,” or data that is unstructured such as text and images, and turn it into structured data. The company says that it does so with “human-caliber quality and machine caliber scale.” Between 70 percent and 80 percent of data is unstructured, dark data. Therefore, that data is unusable for processing and analytics. Where Lattice Data comes in, however, is taking that unstructured data and turning it into data that’s usable for processing and analytics, all by using machine learning. Lattice Data was founded in 2015 by Christopher Ré, Michael Cafarella, Raphael Hoffmann, and Feng Niu based on research out of Stanford. The company had raised somewhere around $20 million in funding from GV, Madrona and InQTel. According to today’s report, Lattice Data had been “talking to other tech companies about enhancing their AI assistants” before the Apple acquisition, suggesting that Apple plans to use Lattice Data to enhance its artificial intelligence efforts, likely related to Siri. Apple has made other machine learning and artificial intelligence acquisitions. The company last year acquired the Seattle-based company Turi, while simultaneously expanding its Seattle offices to put a bigger focus on machine learning and artificial intelligence. Following the Turi acquisition, Apple transformed the company into a dedicated machine learning division to build future product features. As for what we’ll see out of the Lattice Data acquisition remains to be seem. Nevertheless, Apple clearly has a deeply vested interest in furthering its AI and machine learning initiatives. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 15, 2:20 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple AR Glasses, Wireless Charging In The Works? Company Invests $200 M In Corning By Rishabh Jain On 05/14/17 AT 7:38 AM Close Apple announced Friday that it will be investing $200 million in smartphone glassmaker Corning as a part of its $1 billion advanced manufacturing jobs fund aimed to promote U.S. job creation. On paper, while the investment might sound like one of the company’s many ventures, but according to analysts, Apple might have made the investing, not just for job creation, but for the furtherance of technologies for its upcoming products. Read: Apple And AR: Company Reportedly Teaming Up With Carl Zeiss For Augmented Reality Glasses Corning, for the uninitiated, is the largest smartphone display glass brand and the company behind Gorilla Glass. The company stated that its investment would “support Corning’s R&D, capital equipment needs, and state-of-the-art glass processing.” Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz told CNBC that the investment might be targeted at Apple’s move away from a metal frame in its previous iPhones to a glass one in iPhone 8. Switching to a glass frame is essential for the device and for the company’s rumored long-range wireless charging concept. “Metal can interfere with wireless charging technology,” Uerkwitz told CNBC. “That means you need glass on the back of the phone, but glass that won’t break. Or you need to use ceramics. Corning has a long history of investing in both glass and ceramics.” Another analyst, Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights stated that the investment might be more than what it seems – Apple might be looking to partner with Corning to develop glass for its Snapchat style AR glasses, another rumored upcoming product. Moorhead states that the companies are working together to develop a special glass that magnifies visuals to deliver a proper augmented reality experience. “You need specialized glass in the headset, glass that properly magnifies the 180-degree experience of AR. Also, that glass has to be really light. Corning could develop that for Apple,” Moorhead said. Both technologies have previously surfaced in rumors, leaks and even the company’s own patent filing. Read: iPhone Wireless Charging: Apple Wants You To Charge Your Device Via Wi-Fi In The Future In April, Apple filed a patent with the U.S. patent and Trade Mark office for long-range wireless charging, which would let you charge your device over Wi-Fi. The patent called ‘Wireless Charging and Communications Systems With Dual-Frequency Patch Antennas’ illustrated a way to transfer power to devices over data communication frequencies. The company could reportedly use a ‘smart connector’ accessory, which might help users charge their iPhones over Wi-Fi. The AR Glasses too, even though they currently sound far-fetched might be launched by the end of the year. Apple has reportedly augmented reality expert Jeff Norris from NASA’s Jet propulsion Lab to help with the development of the product. A report published in March said that Apple had hired 1,000 engineers to work on the project in Israel. The technology might also be featured on the company’s upcoming iPhone 8.  Apple has also reportedly engaged glass maker Carl Zeiss to make a frame for the glasses, a report said in January. Join the Discussion Most Read Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business How Airline Flight Attendants And Passengers Should Treat Each Other One passenger is curious about what measures to take when a flight attendant doesn't respond to repeated requests. Technology 5 Amazing Space Facts And Pictures We look in the sky, and wonder, “Man oh man, if I ever tried walking around the Earth once, it’d take me a lifetime.” World Scientists Detect A New Fast Radio Burst The mysterious flash of high-energy burst, called FRB 150215, was detected in February 2015 using the Parkes radio telescope in Australia. National Callista Gingrich To Be Named Ambassador To Vatican: Report The name of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich's wife has been under consideration since January, but the White House said it is waiting for approval from the Office of Government Ethics. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Even if Apple Breaks $1 Trillion, It Won't Stay on Top Forever subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Add another high profile departure to the list of people leaving Verily, the Google-spawned health science company bit.ly/2pHnLyy Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Apple Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Zachary Karabell. Zachary Karabell Business Date of Publication: 05.14.17. 05.14.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Even if Apple Breaks $1 Trillion, It Won’t Stay on Top Forever Apple Apple just became the first US company to surpass $800 billion in market capitalization. Speculation quickly followed that Apple would soon become the first $1 trillion company, with a rumored $1,000 iPhone 8 coming at year’s end. The company’s share price has been on a tear since the beginning of the year, and sales of the iPhone 7 have been strong in part because of safety issues surrounding rival Samsung devices. Apple retains an enviable brand image and a devoted consumer base. And yet, the shadow cast by past corporate behemoths is creeping up on Apple. As valuable as Apple is now and could still become, the company looks vulnerable to being eclipsed in the years ahead, if not threatened to its corporate core. Apple makes hardware. It manufacturers a product. Yes, that oversimplifies the vast network of users connected by its software and bound by iOS. But Apple’s software is hardware dependent; it runs on Apple products. That makes Apple more like the manufacturing giants of the 20th century than like the software and digital players of the 21st. By that standard, even a trillion-dollar vote of confidence now hardly portends business immortality for Apple. More Apple Issie Lapowsky Apple’s Billion-Dollar Investment Provides a Blueprint for US Manufacturing David Pierce Review: Apple iPad (2017) Brian Barrett Apple’s Making Its Own GPU to Control Its Own Destiny David Pierce Apple AirPods: Review Wait, what? Apple is one of the world’s most dominant brands already, and its user base is expanding. More than 700 million people worldwide use iPhones, not to mention the hundreds of millions more who use Apple computers and tablets. While its global market share is decreasing in face of varied competitors, its overall market is still growing. But take a look at the list of Fortune 500 companies in 1955 compared to today. As of last year, only 12 percent of the mid-20th century list of the world’s largest companies made it to the second decade of the 21st century. Of the top 20 then and now, General Motors, Exxon, and General Electric remain large and profitable. But US Steel is severely diminished, and Armour (which made packaged meats as well as Dial soap) is no more. It gets worse from there. Chrysler and GM are still major companies, but they have flirted with bankruptcy and liquidation; General Electric and IBM have managed to transform themselves many times over, and they continue to exist today only because they bear scant relation to what they were and what they sold 50 years ago. How Apple will transform itself in the coming years isn’t clear—and the company is doing little to lay out an effective vision of its future. One lesson here (one that we humans seem to learn and then forget with numbing regularity) is that tenure at the top can be remarkably short-lived. Magazine covers lauding success and power in the present have a way of seeming quaint and dated within a very short timeframe (much as magazine covers themselves are coming to seem quaint and dated!). Size and market share for mega-companies are no guarantee of future size and market share, no matter how potent the franchise or deep-seeming the moat. Moats and networks are the current buzzwords of tech success. Here Apple looks unassailable now but strangely defenseless going forward. It has a network of apps that work within an Apple ecosystem and users who seem not only content but enthusiastic. Google has certainly built a real rival in its Android platform, but one that works as without generating direct revenue for Google (advertising and app revenue from Android are a different story). Apple for now has a virtuous circle of users who pay for the hardware and then pay for services linked to its software. Zachary Karabell About Zachary Karabell is an author and head of global strategies an Envestnet; his most recent book is The Leading Indicators: A Short History of the Numbers That Rule Our World The world, however, is moving quickly toward a digital future where devices become commoditized. It is likely that within a decade, devices become more and more interchangeable, less expensive, more powerful. They will devolve into conduits for various software and digital services that generate the bulk of profits. Already, Apple’s proprietary ecosystem is becoming less closed. A few years ago, if your family (like mine) had iPhones, Macs, and iPads, the pain of switching to Windows or Android platforms was intense. There was little compatibility and porting was a pain. As Apple has become ever larger, it has also bit by bit become more open, as its customers have demanded. More applications and the data they depend on live in the cloud, and more people use a variety of devices to lead their digital lives. It isn’t at all clear what Apple could do to fortify itself against these trends, or that it could find the motivation to do so. It is an insanely profitable company generating billions in cash every week. Rarely do companies with a franchise that lucrative make radical shifts. Alphabet/Google is determined to find its next multi-billion dollar revenue stream to lessen its dependency on search; Microsoft has been doing the same with its reliance of Windows. Neither has yet to find that next unicorn, but they have the advantage of being firmly housed in the digital world and not, like Apple, tethered to making devices that are rapidly becoming generic. No Secrets The companies that have survived the decades have either become shadows of their former selves—think US auto makers—or different companies entirely. IBM managed to shift from a maker of high-tech 20th century machines (typewriters and computers) to a seller of high-tech services and solutions, but it still had a machine franchise. It too is now struggling to find a next wave. GE has spun through multiple iterations, and while it isn’t in any danger of going out of business, it is finding global competition and margins an ongoing struggle. What is Apple’s long-term plan for itself in a world that is definitively not moving in the direction of its model? To be clear, I happen to own Apple stock personally; it’s been a very good investment, and one that I continue to hold. Why? Because in the next few years, it seems more likely that Apple will reach that trillion-dollar mark than flounder. The next wave of dramatic changes in how we use hardware to access software is not yet on the visible horizon, and it may be that Apple has a dramatic plan to position itself accordingly when that comes nearer. For the near future, Apple is likely to grow and stay dominant, just as Nokia did throughout the 1990s and into the early years of this century. Related Video This Is What $250 Billion Actually Looks Like The Nokia example should not comfort. At its peak in 2007, Nokia had 41 percent of the wireless handset market. Less than a decade later, Microsoft bought Nokia’s handset line for a scant $7 billion and wrote the whole sale off as a loss not much later. Blackberry, which today has exactly 0 percent market share, peaked at 20 percent in 2009. Apple has less than that now, which means it certainly has room to run. Apple also has a far more robust ecosystem than either of those two ever did. But there is a final challenge for Apple: its culture of secrecy. Tech innovation over the past few decades has in part been about the products, but also about who gets to tell the story of the future. Steve Jobs was uniquely able to weave a story of the future that revolved around Apple products, and that was part of the alchemy that made Apple an integral part of the world we inhabit now. Yet he also wanted complete control of the narrative, which meant Apple spoke with one voice (his) and then only rarely. Today, Apple is run by unquestionably competent executives. It does not, however, spin a vision of the future with Apple at the center of a new, evolving ecosystem. Yes, it is spending billions on R&D to design new products and services, but it does not offer a map of what it sees in the world ahead, largely out of fear that doing so would tip its hand to competitors. It prefers to unveil its map when it is rolling out products that utilize it, not before, and not after. Apple under its CEO Tim Cook alludes to a future of community and AI, as does every single major and minor player in Silicon Valley. That is less a map than a sensibility widely shared. No matter what the future holds, Apple has been one of the world’s most important agents of change. The personal computer enabled the first wave of the 1990s tech revolution, and the iPhone triggered the next phase. The smartphone is a platform that has opened the digital world, and Apple will forever be linked to that evolution. But that does not mean that Apple will have anywhere near that position decades from now—or even a decade from now. To believe that Apple will dominate the landscape for years to come, simply because of where it is today is to ignore how quickly things can change, how ephemeral power and dominance can be, and how thoroughly unpredictable the future is and always has been. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Corporate iPhone PCs Stock Market Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular If You Still Use Windows XP, Prepare For the Worst Security If You Still Use Windows XP, Prepare For the Worst Brian Barrett How an Accidental ‘Kill Switch’ Slowed Friday’s Massive Ransomware Attack Security How an Accidental ‘Kill Switch’ Slowed Friday’s Massive Ransomware Attack Lily Hay Newman The Ransomware Meltdown Experts Warned About Is Here Hacks The Ransomware Meltdown Experts Warned About Is Here Lily Hay Newman Moms: Your Kids Hijacked Your Brain for Life Neuroscience Moms: Your Kids Hijacked Your Brain for Life Anna Vlasits While You Were Offline: Sean Spicer Is a Living Homer Simpson GIF, Basically While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Sean Spicer Is a Living Homer Simpson GIF, Basically Graeme McMillan The Traditional Lecture Is Dead. I Would Know—I’m a Professor Education The Traditional Lecture Is Dead. I Would Know—I’m a Professor Rhett Allain Why Photos of President Trump Are So Aggressively Boring photography Why Photos of President Trump Are So Aggressively Boring Laura Mallonee Even if Apple Breaks $1 Trillion, It Won’t Stay on Top Forever Business Even if Apple Breaks $1 Trillion, It Won’t Stay on Top Forever Zachary Karabell More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Net Neutrality Internet Democracy Is Great … in Theory. Just Ask the FCC Klint Finley book excerpt Maybe the Internet Isn’t Tearing Us Apart After All Seth Stephens-Davidowitz While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Sean Spicer Is a Living Homer Simpson GIF, Basically Artificial Intelligence Using AI to Detect Cancer, Not Just Cats Cade Metz social media Snap Blows First Earnings—But That’s Not the Whole Story Davey Alba Security If You Still Use Windows XP, Prepare For the Worst Brian Barrett We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Add another high profile departure to the list of people leaving Verily, the Google-spawned health science company bit.ly/2pHnLyy Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Add another high profile departure to the list of people leaving Verily, the Google-spawned health science company bit.ly/2pHnLyy Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/14/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/14/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple Earnings: Services Continues to Crush it Join us for our favorite show of the quarter, where we discuss all things Apple earnings. Motley Fool Staff May 14, 2017 at 6:12AM Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) services business continues to soar and boost the company's overall profitability. In this segment from Industry Focus: Tech, Motley Fool analyst Dylan Lewis and senior tech specialist Evan Niu, CFA, discuss all the ways that Apple's services business is executing. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 5, 2017. Dylan Lewis: Services revenue jumped 18% to $7 billion, and it has been Apple's second-largest revenue stream just behind the iPhone. That's pretty awesome, and I think it's been underappreciated for quite some time. I think the market is starting to wise up to this pretty significant and very high-margin part of Apple's business. Evan Niu: Right, I definitely think that's what's happening, in particularly if you think about the historical context of the services business. If you go back maybe five years, Apple's whole approach to content, services, and things like that was to basically break even, and offer these things as a way to build its ecosystem and solidify retention period -- it was more of a strategic piece than a profit piece. They used to operate all their storefronts -- they don't really break it out as far as exposures, but they used to very publicly say, "We're really just trying to break even on this stuff. It helps people use the phones and buy the phones, but we're not trying to make a whole bunch of money on it." I think now, that's very much swapped around, because now they are very much making quite a bit of money on these services, and it is becoming a big profit driver. I remember last quarter when we talked about earnings, we mentioned how their guidance had called for a small uptick sequentially in gross margin. We talked about [how] that's really hard when you're coming off of a holiday quarter, when your revenue comes down from a seasonal factors, you lose a lot of operating leverage, all these things, and it's like, how are they going to actually put up an increasing gross margin? Now we know why, the answer is services, because services are so profitable. CFO Luca Maestri very much said, the mix shifting toward services is really helping profitability. They did put up a sequential increase in gross margin, some 40-odd basis points. I think that's really impressive. That's really the services profitability shining right there. So, four out of the past six quarters, it's been the second-largest business. But, greater than the Mac or the iPad, the iPhone is the only thing that's bigger. So, this is really becoming a very big, large, meaningful business, both in terms of revenue as well as profitability. This is now a $26 billion business on a trailing-12-month basis, and it's also much more profitable than the hardware operations. I think investors aren't fully appreciating it, and I don't think you'll be able to ignore it for very much longer, because like they said last quarter, they're going to try to double this business over the next four years. It's only going to keep growing from here. Lewis: And it's something that really only continues to grow and get stronger the larger their installed base gets. As they continue to penetrate new markets, services is going to be another tailwind that follows all those iPhone unit sales. It's kind of an add-on in some ways, but also, because it's so profitable for them, certainly something to continue to watch. I think a lot of people are curious as to what's going on with wearables in Apple. We hear so much about the Apple Watch and you see tons of people wearing them. Any updates on that product segment? Niu: They dropped a few clues. Of course, they obfuscate Apple Watch sales within the "other products" segment. They did say that Apple sales were up roughly double, but without having any context, who knows what that means. Lewis: It's a meaningless number. Niu: Yeah, two times? OK, thanks, Tim [Cook]? But, what they did say is, wearables -- it's kind of weird, I'm not sure why they do this, but Apple considers AirPods and wireless Beats headphones as wearable products. I know that technically, wireless headphones are wearables, because you wear them. I'm wearing wireless headphones right now. But, I don't think headphones are what people think of, when you hear the term "wearable technology," you don't jump to headphones. You think about smartwatches and fitness trackers and things like that. He did say that the wearables business is now the size of a Fortune 500 company, which means it's at least $5.1 billion over the past year. With AirPods only recently launching, and it's not clear how much they're bringing in from Beats wireless headphones, but I think it's safe to say that the majority of that revenue is from Apple Watch. So, that's kind of a hint. But, again, they're not really giving away too much, as usual, which is really frustrating. But, maybe eventually, one day, they'll start breaking that out. It's weird, because they've always said, "We don't want to give it away for competitive reasons," but competition in smartwatches is actually declining. People are getting out of the smartwatch market. And there haven't been a whole lot of really strong product introductions. So, competition is actually getting easier. So they should just share the numbers. [laughs] Lewis: Yeah, it's still tough to parse out what's going on there.  Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info May 14, 2017 at 6:12AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $156.10 up $2.15 (1.40%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple Earnings: Services Continues to Crush it @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Google launches Project Treble to shorten Android update release time; will it be faster like Apple iOS roll-out? Google's upcoming Android O will be based on Project Treble, which will reduce the update roll-out time significantly. But will it be on par with Apple iOS adoption rate? Rohit KVN   May 14, 2017 15:45 IST [Representational Image]  In Picture: A Google Android figurine sits on the welcome desk as employee Tracy McNeilly smiles at the new Google office in TorontoReuters Google commands an overwhelming market share (more than 80 percent) of the smart device OS industry, but it falls short miserably in terms of timely roll-out and adoption rate compared to arch-rival Apple iOS. Apple, which released iOS 10 to iPhones, iPads and iPods in September, has managed to clock adoption rate close to 80 percent in February 2017. Whereas Google, which released Android v7.0 Nougat in August 2016, is lagging behind at an abysmal 7.1 percent adoption rate till date.  Also read: Google releases critical anti-phishing update to Gmail for Android; Here's why you should get it right now Now, Google's Team Android, with a strong intention of streamlining the software roll-out process, has launched Project Treble. "With Project Treble, we're re-architecting Android to make it easier, faster and less costly for manufacturers to update devices to a new version of Android," Iliyan Malchev, Project Treble team lead, said in a statement. Google Android Developer Blog (screen-shot) How Google Project Treble works? Before Project Treble, Google used to first deliver open source-code of the new mobile OS to the processor-makers and they used to modify to suit their specific hardware, and pass it to the phone makers, the companies that design and manufacture Android devices. Mobile manufactures modify the firmware again to make it compatible with the individual devices. Google Android Developer Blog (screen-shot) In developed markets like US, the device-makers had to perform two more steps before they release the OS. They need to further tweak the software as per individual carrier networks suggestions and get them certified, and then release the final-version to the devices, causing a huge delay in the roll-out. Google Android Developer Blog (screen-shot) With Project Treble, smartphone-makers can deliver Android release to consumers by just updating the Android OS framework without any additional work required from chip-set manufacturers. Google has announced that the Project Treble is applicable to all Android devices, but sadly this much-welcome change will come in the Android O series only. The company has already started testing it on select Google Pixel series phone and the developer preview version will be released to registered users in coming days. However, it remains to be seen whether the Android O will be able to match Apple iOS adoption rate. Watch this space for latest news on Google products. Related Google launches 'Solve for India' to help start-ups in tier-2 cities Google finally takes decisive action to curb fake news online New update for Google Maps brings parking location saving option; here's how to make best use of it Also read Google YouTube Kids app now available on Samsung, Sony and LG smart TVs Google tipped to use Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 in 2017-series Pixel phones Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Flipkart Big 10 Sale's top deals on Apple iPhone 7, Google Pixel, Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Moto G5 series and more 1 hour ago By Rohit KVN GTA 5: The Last of Us mod showcased in full graphic detail [Video] 19 hours ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big 10 Sale: Top 10 deals and discounts you cannot miss As part of its Big 10 sales, Flipkart is offering up to 90% discounts on some select products starting 14 May through 18 May. Tizen 3.0-powered Samsung Z4 set for release in India soon The company has confirmed that the Tizen 3.0-powered Samsung Z4 will be first released in India soon. Motorola's Moto X4 aka Moto X (2017) in the offing? Motorola's upcoming device is said to be Moto X series called Moto X4 and not Moto X (2017) as speculated earlier. Flipkart Big 10 Sale vs Amazon Great Indian Sale: Top 30 smartphone deals you must check out Smartphone shoppers can check out the best offers on Amazon and Flipkart during their big sales. Amazon Great Indian Sale day 3: Offers under Rs. 500 you cannot miss Amazon Great Indian Sale has entered the third day, and this is your final chance to buy products at amazing discounts before the offers end on May 14. Here's why Samsung Galaxy S8, OnePlus 5, iPhone 8 buyers should watch out for Moto X 2017 Moto X 2017 is expected to feature dual camera, fingerprint scanner, AI integration and more. How to verify if the phone you are buying was stolen Here's a simple trick to check if the phone you are buying was stolen or genuine. Researcher discovers 'Kill Switch' for WannaCry ransomware, but crisis isn't over; here's what to do The cybercriminals behind the WannaCry ransomware attack were not smart enough to hide a sloppy mistake, which helped a young security researcher find a "kill switch." Photo Gallery Brie Bella shares Adorable pictures of Newborn daughter Birdy Brie Bella shares Adorable pictures of Newborn daughter Birdy. Happy Mother's Day 2017: Best quotes, messages, wishes, picture greetings to share with your mom Happy Mother's Day 2017: Best quotes, messages, wishes, picture greetings to share with your mom. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple may introduce new Siri speaker and edgeless 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC Yoni Heisler BGR News May 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share With rumors regarding some new Apple hardware swirling overhead, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo put out a new research note reaffirming his belief that Apple will introduce a new piece of Siri-based hardware next month at WWDC. As for the design, Kuo maintains that the device will offer a premium auditory experience and will include a “touch panel”, a design tidbit that Apple executive Phil Schiller seemingly suggested was in the works during an interview last week. It remains unclear, though, if said “touch panel” will be a full-fledged display a’la the Amazon Echo Show or if it will be more minimalistic. Price wise, Kuo anticipates that Apple’s upcoming Siri speaker will be more expensive than the Amazon Echo Show’s $229 price tag. Don't Miss: Apple’s iPhone 8 will be the most expensive iPhone the world has ever seen Kuo’s note, originally spotted by AppleInsider, adds that a new Siri speaker may not be the only new piece of hardware Apple rolls out at WWDC, which is slated to kick off on June 5 in San Jose. Specifically, Kuo says that there’s an even greater chance that Apple in a few weeks will introduce a newly designed 10.5-inch iPad Pro with extremely thin bezels surrounding the display. Per the rumor mill, Apple’s new iPad Pro will feature a larger display but will have a form factor similar to Apple’s 9.7-inch iPad, a design made possible by shrinking the bezels. And while it’s perhaps too soon to say, it’s entirely plausible that the long-rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro will give us a firmer grasp on what the mythical iPhone 8 design is going to look like. Spec wise, previous rumors regarding Apple’s 10.5-inch iPad Pro have intimated that the device will be powered by a A10x processor. There have also been scattered reports claiming that Apple’s new iPad Pro will sport a stationary home button a’la the iPhone 7. While we wouldn’t go so far as to say that the rumored iPad Pro referenced above needs to be a mega-hit, there’s no denying that iPad sales have been in a free-fall for years on end. During Apple’s March quarter, for example, iPad sales fell 13% year over year. That aside, Tim Cook remains enthusiastic about the future of the iPad. “We’ve got some exciting things coming on iPad,” Cook said this past February, “and I’m optimistic about where things are headed.” Perhaps a brand new twist on the iPad design will be just the tweak Apple needs to see growth return to its beleaguered iPad lineup. Trending right now: Apple’s iPhone 8 will be the most expensive iPhone the world has ever seen Scientists finally have a decent guess as to why Earth exists New report backs up rumors that the Galaxy Note 8 will feature a dual camera See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Businesses brace for Monday as ransomware threat lingers Reuters Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack Associated Press Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Reuters The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists finally have a decent guess as to why Earth exists BGR News
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This child being abused in a cobalt mine is why Apple is trying to fix the mining business Jim Edwards May 14, 2017, 3:13 AM 5,785 facebook linkedin twitter email print "There's absolutely no excuse for anyone under legal working age to be in our supply chain," Apple says. Sky News The kid in the middle of this photo is 8 years old, his name is Dorsen, and the man next to him is threatening to hit him if he screws up again. They are both standing in the pouring rain, in ankle-deep mud, in a cobalt mine in the Democratic Republic of Congo, where a lot of the cobalt used in Apple's iPhone batteries comes from. Dorsen was discovered by a Sky News team who made an excellent documentary about the use of child labour in smartphone battery cobalt mines earlier this year. Apple says it is working to end child labour in cobalt mines, and it has partnered with a number of NGOs to focus on the DRC particularly. "There's absolutely no excuse for anyone under legal working age to be in our supply chain," the company says in its most recent Supplier Responsibility Progress Report. It's not just Apple's problem, of course. Any phone company that needs lithium-ion batteries is ultimately sourcing much of its cobalt from the DRC. Because Apple makes the single most popular phone model on the planet, it gets the brunt of the criticism. Samsung has been less specific about what it is doing. When it was criticised in 2016 by Amnesty for sourcing its cobalt from the DRC, it promised to investigate. "We will share the report of upstream supply chain of cobalt on our website by the end of 2016," the company said in March 2016.  "Furthermore, we will not only engage in joint initiative for sustainable supply chain of cobalt, but also take measures to secure transparency and human rights with our suppliers through continuous monitoring of the supply chain." Samsung has not yet published that report on its social responsibility site, however. In the meantime, Apple has taken some steps to fix the mining business. "We know there are real challenges with artisanal mining of cobalt, but walking away from it indefinitely would be harmful to communities who rely on this mining for their income," Apple says. Plus, Apple needs the cobalt. So the company is "working to end child labour and human rights abuses in mining communities." The conditions in which cobalt is mined are pitiful. The mines are little more than holes in the ground, dug by hand. Tunnels can reach several dozen feet into the earth but there is no safety equipment or support structure to stop cave-ins. Miners work with hand tools to pull cobalt-laden rocks to the surface. Sky News The sacks are moved around the mine by children. Dorsen wasn't quick enough with his sack when Sky's cameras were rolling. Sky News Dorsen's supervisor stops short of actually striking him. Sky News Once Dorsen has filled the bag, the adult workers controlling him put it onto his head so he can carry it away. Sky News There are about 40,000 children mining cobalt in the DRC, according to Amnesty. Sky News It's punishing work. Sky News At the surface of the mine, children use their bare hands to sieve the mined rocks in muddy pools or streams. Sky News They pick the stones with the purest cobalt content and sort them into sacks. Sky News Dorsen isn't the youngest person in his mine. Sky also found this girl, who is 4. Sky News At the end of the day the kids are aching all over, one told Sky. Sky News The runoff from the mines poisons the local water supply. This miner believes the huge tumour on his neck comes from impurities caused by the mine. Sky News The cobalt is taken to open-air markets where Chinese buyers, like this guy, give the locals a price. Sky News The cobalt is then traded through a chain of Chinese suppliers, according to the Washington Post, until it reaches Apple, Samsung, and all the other phone makers. That opaque chain is why no single phone company can be tied directly to any one Congolese cobalt mine. Sky News It's a similar situation in Indonesia, where children work in mud pits (below) to extract tin for smartphones, according to this BBC report, which found a 14-year-old in one mine. They are at constant risk of mudslides, and people frequently die in them. BBC In 2016, Apple became more active about policing its suppliers. Its initial efforts have been most focused on companies that Apple contract with directly. "In 2016, we expanded our responsible sourcing efforts beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt. We’re proud to report that 100 per cent of our conflict minerals and cobalt smelter/refiner partners are now participating in independent third-party audits to ensure their own business practices are conducted responsibly," the company says in its responsibility report. "There’s absolutely no excuse for anyone under legal working age to be in our supply chain. In 2016, we assessed 705 facilities that employ nearly 1.2 million people and found one underage worker, a 15½-year-old who had been working in a manufacturing facility in China, where the legal working age is 16. We required the supplier to provide safe passage home for the underage worker, and to continue paying their wages while also providing an educational opportunity. Upon the underage worker becoming of legal age, the supplier will be required to provide them with an employment opportunity." Apple is paying attention to the indirect suppliers of raw materials in the chain below the Chinese commodity traders, although its proposals there are more vague: "We are working with our cobalt suppliers and stakeholders on a programme that will verify individual artisanal mines, according to our standards, and these mines will be allowed into our supply chain when we are confident the appropriate protections are in place. We have also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive change, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining communities, and build programmes to help children stay at school. And we made a grant to the Fund for Global Human Rights, an international organisation that provides financial and other support to grassroots organisations in the Democratic Republic of Congo, who are working to end child labour and human rights abuses in mining communities." EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » More from Business Insider UK: NOW WATCH: 16 keyboard shortcuts only Mac power users know about Loading video... More: Apple iPhone facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This child being abused in a cobalt mine is why Apple is trying to fix the mining business This child being abused in a cobalt mine is why Apple is trying to fix the mining business The kid in the middle of this photo is 8 years... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
About Cookies We want you to enjoy your visit to our website. That's why we use cookies to enhance your experience. By staying on our website you agree to our use of cookies. More info about cookies. Accept & close Book an Ad Business Directory Local Info Dating Buy Sell Our Facebook feeds Asian Image Like us on Facebook Our Twitter feeds Twitter follow us on Twitter Register | Sign In Search Manchester 10°c News Sport jobs Columnists Videos What's On Property Announcements Cars education Sections Search NewsBusinessFusion Awards North of England United Kingdom World Business General Election 2017 Education Press Assocation News Fusion AwardsNorth of EnglandUnited KingdomWorldBusinessGeneral Election 2017EducationPress Assocation Sport National SportImage Football Cup Columnists Dear MassiLast BitThe Daily MoslemBeauty Blog Jobs Search JobsJobs NewsPost a Job Videos Sid's top videosNational Video News What's On NightlifeComedyTheatreExhibitionsFairs & MarketsCar Boot SalesWalksNational Entertainment NewsWhat's onMoviesTVMusicShowbiz Property Property for saleProperty for rentFind agentsHouse pricesProperty News Announcements Death NoticesPublic NoticesIn MemoriamAcknowledgementsBirthdaysAnniversariesGreetingsBirthsAll Cars Used Car DealsNew Car DealsCar Reviews Education Secondary SchoolsCollegesOfsted Top RatedEventsParents' Guides Send us your news Have you got a local story, picture or video you would like to send to us? Send it to us now for a chance to get published. Services JobsBusiness DirectoryLocal InfoDatingBuy SellBook an Ad Apple launches new iPad and the first red version of iPhone Show caption () View gallery Skip to next image » 0 comments Apple has unveiled a new version of its iPad tablet computer and the first red version of the iPhone. The limited edition iPhone 7 is the result of a partnership with Aids charity (PRODUCT)RED, with proceeds from each device sale going towards programs run by the charity. The new 9.7in iPad comes with a Retina display screen and replaces the iPad Air 2, first released in 2014, in Apple's tablet line-up and will start at £339 for the 32GB version of the device. Apple's Phil Schiller said: "iPad is the world's most popular tablet. Customers love the large, 9.7in display for everything from watching TV and movies, to surfing the web, making FaceTime calls and enjoying photos, and now it is even more affordable. "New customers and anyone looking to upgrade will love this new iPad for use at home, in school and for work, with its gorgeous Retina display, our powerful A9 chip and access to the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for it." Apple broke with its recent tradition by announcing the new products via its website rather than with a live event. The red version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is otherwise the same hardware as announced by the technology giant when first revealing the smartphone back in September. Apple boss Tim Cook said: "Since we began working with (RED) 10 years ago, our customers have made a significant impact in fighting the spread of Aids through the purchase of our products, from the original iPod nano (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition all the way to today's line-up of Beats products and accessories for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch. "The introduction of this special edition iPhone in a gorgeous red finish is our biggest (PRODUCT)RED offering to date in celebration of our partnership with (RED) and we can't wait to get it into customers' hands." The red device will start at £699 and will go on sale on March 24, the same day as the new iPad. The next version of the iPhone, marking its 10th anniversary this year, is due to be announced in the autumn. The tech giant also launched a new video editing app called Clips, which enables users to combine video, photos and music into short videos for sharing via social media. 0 comments Most popular See more stories Most popular See more stories Comments Next Up Mobile site Contact Us Subscribe Photo Sales Advertise AdChoices Archive Topics Announcements Site Map Exchange and Mart Dating Leap Terms & Conditions Contributor Terms Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©Copyright 2001-2017 This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network | A Gannett Company Newsquest (North West) Ltd, Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. HP10 9TY|3102566|Registered in England & Wales Ipsoregulated This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can contact IPSO here
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CSG Systems International, Inc. (CSGS) Stake Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Shares Sold by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Chemtura Corp (CHMT) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $838,000 Position in Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Invests $885,000 in ConnectOne Bancorp Inc (CNOB) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Position Maintained by Blue Edge Capital LLC Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Calian Group Ltd Issued By Desjardins (CGY) Aclaris Therapeutics Inc (ACRS) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.70) Per Share Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Aclaris Therapeutics Inc (ACRS) SunTrust Banks Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC – (ADAP) Wedbush Equities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Seaport Global Securities Comments on CECO Environmental Corp.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CECE) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Builders FirstSource, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BLDR) CIT Group Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (CIT) Turtle Beach Corp (HEAR) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.17) Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts KAR Auction Services Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.57 Per Share (KAR) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Issued By Wedbush Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Decreased by Analyst (IONS) IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.03) Per Share Myokardia Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share (MYOK) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Position Maintained by Blue Edge Capital LLC May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Blue Edge Capital LLC maintained its stake in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 19,158 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Apple makes up approximately 1.2% of Blue Edge Capital LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 22nd largest position. Blue Edge Capital LLC’s holdings in Apple were worth $2,219,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AAPL. Glacier Peak Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $127,000. Welch Investments LLC purchased a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $146,000. Odey Holdings AG boosted its stake in Apple by 27.3% in the fourth quarter. Odey Holdings AG now owns 1,273 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 273 shares during the last quarter. Isthmus Partners LLC boosted its stake in Apple by 80.5% in the third quarter. Isthmus Partners LLC now owns 1,343 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JJJ Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in Apple during the fourth quarter worth approximately $176,000. Institutional investors own 58.76% of the company’s stock. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 156.10 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $144.68 and a 200-day moving average price of $127.82. Apple Inc. has a 52-week low of $90.00 and a 52-week high of $156.42. The firm has a market cap of $813.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.31 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $52.61 billion. Analysts predict that Apple Inc. will post $8.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a $0.63 dividend. This is a boost from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.61%. Apple’s payout ratio is 27.31%. WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/apple-inc-aapl-position-maintained-by-blue-edge-capital-llc.html. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on AAPL shares. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed a “” rating on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. UBS Group AG increased their price objective on shares of Apple from $165.00 to $200.00 in a report on Sunday, April 2nd. Bank of America Corp increased their price objective on shares of Apple from $125.00 to $140.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Mizuho reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $130.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a report on Saturday, January 14th. Finally, Vetr lowered shares of Apple from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $133.92 price objective for the company. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $155.08. In related news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 25,377 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $154.24, for a total value of $3,914,148.48. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 81,936 shares in the company, valued at $12,637,808.64. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Craig Federighi sold 70,627 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $135.30, for a total value of $9,555,833.10. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 439,855 shares in the company, valued at approximately $59,512,381.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 373,071 shares of company stock worth $54,207,354. Insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 15, 2:53 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPad Pro 2 Launching At WWDC, Expected Features Include Bezel-less display, 10nm processor, Reports By Rishabh Jain On 05/14/17 AT 5:14 AM Close Apple was being projected to launch a new, premium iPad at the start of 2016. Instead, the company quietly launched a new no-frills budget tablet — the iPad. While that did dampen the buzz about the premium iPad Pro tablet a little, the device still seems to be on the horizon for 2017.  According to new reports, it is expected to launch at the World Wide Developers Conference, which takes place in San Jose, California from June 5-9.  According to analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, there is a major possibility that the tablet might be announced at the company’s June 5 keynote, as suppliers are getting ready for mass producing the tablet in early June. Read: Apple iPad Pro 2 10.5-Inch Launching At WWDC In June, Leaked Screenshot Hints As usual, Apple has been silent on the subject, but new reports on the subject have indicated many new features for the device. These include: An edge-to-edge display: The 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 might be the world’s first tablet with an edge-to-edge display. It is expected to have the same form factor as the iPad but will give consumers more surface area to work on. The reason behind this, according to Kuo, is that Apple wants to make the tablet appealing to commercial users. Along with Apple Smart Keyboard accessory, the tablet could work as a device for on the go. Touch Bar: The device is expected to be a premium one, which begs a possibility that Apple would endow it with high-end features from its device range. One such feature is the Touch Bar, a secondary display that was featured on the MacBook Pro 2016.  The Touch Bar will give users access to shortcuts and emojis, among other things. It will also differentiate the device from rest of the tablets in the market. Apple Pencil 2: According to reports, Apple is prepping a revamp of the accessory, which was launched with the iPad Pro 12.9-inch.  The new Apple Pencil is said to be magnetic, and the tablet is expected to have an electromagnetic strip, which will double up as a charging point and dock for the Apple Pencil 2.   iOS 11: The company is expected to reveal the next version of iOS at the event The iPad Pro 2 is expected to come loaded with the OS out-of-the-box. iOS 11 is expected to bring features such as an improved Siri, improved maps and enhanced 3D touch. 12-megapixel camera: The device is expected to have a 12-megapixel camera with features such as 4K video recording and Live Photos. Read: Apple Siri Speaker: 5 Expected Features Including Improved Beats Audio, Touchscreen Kuo projects that Apple might sell 5-6 million units of iPad Pro 2 in fiscal year 2017 and that the tablet will comprise around 15 percent of total iPad sales this year. He says that Apple’s biggest supplier, Foxconn will be making the tablet, while touch panel modules will be sourced from GIS. He further adds that the likelihood of Apple launching iPad Pro 2 at WWDC 2017 is even higher than the company’s rumored Siri-speaker.  Join the Discussion Most Read Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business How Airline Flight Attendants And Passengers Should Treat Each Other One passenger is curious about what measures to take when a flight attendant doesn't respond to repeated requests. Technology 5 Amazing Space Facts And Pictures We look in the sky, and wonder, “Man oh man, if I ever tried walking around the Earth once, it’d take me a lifetime.” World Scientists Detect A New Fast Radio Burst The mysterious flash of high-energy burst, called FRB 150215, was detected in February 2015 using the Parkes radio telescope in Australia. National Michael Cohen Faces Heat Over Posting Indecent Photograph Of Daughter Trump's attorney and spokesperson was heavily criticized by Twitter users for posting a photograph of his daughter wearing nothing but but a skimpy lingerie. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
About Cookies We want you to enjoy your visit to our website. That's why we use cookies to enhance your experience. By staying on our website you agree to our use of cookies. More info about cookies. Accept & close Book an Ad Business Directory Local Info Dating Buy Sell Our Facebook feeds Facebook Basingstoke Gazette on Facebook Our Twitter feeds @BasGazette Basingstoke Gazette on Twitter Register | Sign In Search Basingstoke 8°c News Sport jobs Business What's On Property Announcements Cars Local Info education Sections Search NewsDistricts Crime Politics Education Health Transport Green Town Campaigns Opinion Planning Community News DistrictsCrimePoliticsEducationHealthTransportGreen TownCampaignsOpinionPlanningCommunity Sport BisonBasingstoke Town'Stoke RFCFootballRugbyCricketGolfTennisAthleticsBoxingMotorsportGeneral Business Jobs Search JobsUK Jobs NewsPost a JobJobs Fair What's On Leisure NewsTheatreMusicMy WorldTravelTaste and TellNational Entertainment NewsHolidaysHoroscopes Property Property for saleProperty for rentFind agentsHouse pricesProperty NewsNew HomesPlastic Roof Tiles Announcements Death NoticesPublic NoticesIn MemoriamAcknowledgementsBirthdaysAnniversariesGreetingsBirthsAllArchive Cars Used Car DealsNew Car DealsMotors Video NewsSell Your Car Local Info Sold House Prices Education Secondary SchoolsCollegesOfsted Top RatedEventsParents' Guides Send us your news Have you got a local story, picture or video you would like to send to us? Send it to us now for a chance to get published. Services JobsBusiness DirectoryLocal InfoDatingBuy SellBook an Ad IN THE COURTS: The drunk drivers, thugs and thieves facing justice in Basingstoke IN THE COURTS: The drunk drivers, thugs and thieves facing justice in Basingstoke THESE are some of the criminals from Basingstoke recently appearing in court. HASNAAT Asghar, 29, of no fixed abode . Pleaded guilty to stealing a pair of Beats headphones worth £269.99 from the Apple store on June 13, 2016. Discharged conditionally for one year and ordered to pay £270 in compensation. Also pleaded guilty to stealing two computer hard drives from the Apple store worth £528.95 on June 17, 2016. ROCHELLE Ann Kwantreng, 27, of Salmons Road, Hook. Pleaded guilty to driving a Ford Fiesta in North Warnborough whilst under the influence of alcohol on April 8. Fined £323 and ordered to pay £32 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Disqualified from driving for 18 months. ELLIOT Richardson, 42, of Tintagel Close, Winklebury. Pleaded guilty to driving in Sinclair Drive, Winklebury, whilst under the influence of alcohol on April 8. Fined £120 and ordered to pay £30 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Disqualified from driving for 17 months. JAMES Andrew Bowen, 25, of Wellington Terrace , Rooksdown. Pleaded guilty to failing to comply the with the conditions of his anti-social behaviour order on April 9. Fined £40. Also pleaded guilty to being in possession of a Class B drug, namely cannabis on the same date . Fined £80 and ordered to pay £30 victim surcharge and £40 costs. RICHARD James Galway, 42, of Queen Marys Avenue , South View. Pleaded guilty to dishonestly failing to change the circumstances of his employment between September 9, 2014 and January 29, 2016. Community order made and ordered to pay £85 victim surcharge. VASILICA Petru Paiu, 30, of Mulberry Hill, Baughurst. Pleaded guilty to driving a Vauxhall Vectra in Baughurst Road without the proper insurance documents on April 8, 2017. Fined £100. Also pleaded guilty to driving the same vehicle whilst under the influence of alcohol on the same date . Fined £346 and ordered to pay £34 victim surcharge and £85 costs . Disqualified from driving for 20 months. TERRY John Bolton, 36, of Attwood Close, Kings Furlong. Found guilty of driving a Seat Ibiza, in Whetstone Road, Farnborough without the proper insurance documents on August 4, 2016. Fined £660 and ordered to pay £66 victim surcharge and £100 costs. Disqualified from driving for six months. Also pleaded to driving the same vehicle without a valid driver’s licence on the same date. Fined £220. PHILLIP John Gamelin, 47, of Stratfield Avenue , Tadley. Pleaded guilty to driving a Nissan in excess of the 50mph speed limit. On December 4, 2016. Fined £330 and ordered to pa y £33 victim surcharge and £85 costs.Licence endorsed with six points. DAVID Christopher Yerbury, 38, of no fixed abode. Pleaded guilty to stealing £73 worth of food and cleaning goods from Tesco in Carpenters Down, Popley, on February 26, 2017. Community order made and ordered to pay £73.27 in compensation and £85 victim surcharge. Pleaded to three more counts of theft spanning from January 17, to February 26. Most popular See more stories Most popular See more stories Comments are closed on this article. Next Up Mobile site Contact Us Subscribe Photo Sales Advertise AdChoices Archive Topics Announcements Site Map Exchange and Mart Dating Leap Terms & Conditions Contributor Terms Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©Copyright 2001-2017 This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network | A Gannett Company Newsquest Media Group Limited, Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. HP10 9TY (1676637) Registered in England & Wales Ipsoregulated This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can contact IPSO here
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Meet takes off without India, Xi Jinping says no harm to stability Violence across Bengal civic polls, Congress, BJP pull out Sofa, AC installed for Yogi Adityanath's visit to martyr’s family, removed after he left Pakistan army note hints at worry about India’s LoC response Banking consolidation 2nd wave: FinMin sees room for 3-4 more PSB mergers Home Technology Tech News Apple’s market cap could touch $900 billion post $1,000 iPhone launch Apple’s market cap could touch $900 billion post $1,000 iPhone launch Apple is expected to unveil its first $1,000 iPhone in September 2017. By: IANS | San Francisco | Updated: May 14, 2017 1:37 pm Apple’s market capitalisation briefly soared past 0 billion threshold and shares closed up 2.7 per cent for the day at 3.01 late on May 8. Apple’s expected launch of its $1,000 iPhone this year would give it market capitalisation of nearly $900 billion, making it the first company ever with such a mammoth valuation, a media report said.”Apple will unveil its first $1,000 iPhone in September and that it could help rocket average selling prices and gross margins and ‘drive meaningful upside’ to the stock,” marketwatch.com reported on Saturday. Earlier this month, Apple’s market capitalisation briefly soared past $800 billion threshold and shares closed up 2.7 per cent for the day at $153.01 late on May 8, taking the company to a market value of $797.8 billion. Alphabet, Google’s parent company, is the second most valuable company with a market cap of $653 billion, followed by Microsoft at $532 billion. Apple sold 50.8 million iPhones in the first three months of 2017, down one per cent year-on-year, according to the company’s second quarter results that came earlier in May. The dip in iPhone sales was offset by services, including Apple Pay, iCloud and the App store, which recorded an 18 per cent increase in sales to $7 billion. Due to the robust sales of its iPhone 7 Plus, the revenue from iPhones climbed one per cent to $33.2 billion. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Apple No Comments. Best of Express Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: Public hearings at ICJ today, India confident of trumping Pakistan EntertainmentRajinikanth meets fans after 8 years, talks about his drinking problem and how it affected his career EntertainmentSimran teaser: Kangana Ranaut gives serious Tanu Weds Manu vibes, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 box office collection day 16: SS Rajamouli film collects Rs 1330 crore worldwide EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna's Baahubali 2 Twitter blunder has a funny twist: 'Mam I'm Kattappa's son, Dad is really happy to see your tweet' Must Read SportsRCB taste a wooden-spoonful of consolation SportsRising Pune Supergiant take a giant leap SportsUP cops zero in on IPL betting racket ‘kingpin’ TechnologyFlipkart's Big 10 sale: Redmi Note 4, Apple iPhone 7, Moto G5 Plus and other deals TechnologyWannaCry ransomware attack: Here is how to save your PC, and what to do if you are affected TechnologyWannaCry ransomware: Everything to know about the global cyberattack LifestylePriyanka Chopra shimmers in blue at Baywatch world premiere in Miami May 15: Latest News La Liga: Real Madrid, Barcelona pick 4-1 wins to set up final day title showdown Madhya Pradesh: Three killed, 42 injured as bus topples in Dindori A glass of beetroot juice could lower BP, heart attack risk Drake takes Irish model Ava Van Rose on Boy Meets World tour for six weeks Drinking alcohol does not change your personality as much you feel                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This child being abused in a cobalt mine is why Apple is trying to fix the mining business Jim Edwards May 14, 2017, 3:13 AM 5,785 facebook linkedin twitter email print "There's absolutely no excuse for anyone under legal working age to be in our supply chain," Apple says. Sky News The kid in the middle of this photo is 8 years old, his name is Dorsen, and the man next to him is threatening to hit him if he screws up again. They are both standing in the pouring rain, in ankle-deep mud, in a cobalt mine in the Democratic Republic of Congo, where a lot of the cobalt used in Apple's iPhone batteries comes from. Dorsen was discovered by a Sky News team who made an excellent documentary about the use of child labour in smartphone battery cobalt mines earlier this year. Apple says it is working to end child labour in cobalt mines, and it has partnered with a number of NGOs to focus on the DRC particularly. "There's absolutely no excuse for anyone under legal working age to be in our supply chain," the company says in its most recent Supplier Responsibility Progress Report. It's not just Apple's problem, of course. Any phone company that needs lithium-ion batteries is ultimately sourcing much of its cobalt from the DRC. Because Apple makes the single most popular phone model on the planet, it gets the brunt of the criticism. Samsung has been less specific about what it is doing. When it was criticised in 2016 by Amnesty for sourcing its cobalt from the DRC, it promised to investigate. "We will share the report of upstream supply chain of cobalt on our website by the end of 2016," the company said in March 2016.  "Furthermore, we will not only engage in joint initiative for sustainable supply chain of cobalt, but also take measures to secure transparency and human rights with our suppliers through continuous monitoring of the supply chain." Samsung has not yet published that report on its social responsibility site, however. In the meantime, Apple has taken some steps to fix the mining business. "We know there are real challenges with artisanal mining of cobalt, but walking away from it indefinitely would be harmful to communities who rely on this mining for their income," Apple says. Plus, Apple needs the cobalt. So the company is "working to end child labour and human rights abuses in mining communities." The conditions in which cobalt is mined are pitiful. The mines are little more than holes in the ground, dug by hand. Tunnels can reach several dozen feet into the earth but there is no safety equipment or support structure to stop cave-ins. Miners work with hand tools to pull cobalt-laden rocks to the surface. Sky News The sacks are moved around the mine by children. Dorsen wasn't quick enough with his sack when Sky's cameras were rolling. Sky News Dorsen's supervisor stops short of actually striking him. Sky News Once Dorsen has filled the bag, the adult workers controlling him put it onto his head so he can carry it away. Sky News There are about 40,000 children mining cobalt in the DRC, according to Amnesty. Sky News It's punishing work. Sky News At the surface of the mine, children use their bare hands to sieve the mined rocks in muddy pools or streams. Sky News They pick the stones with the purest cobalt content and sort them into sacks. Sky News Dorsen isn't the youngest person in his mine. Sky also found this girl, who is 4. Sky News At the end of the day the kids are aching all over, one told Sky. Sky News The runoff from the mines poisons the local water supply. This miner believes the huge tumour on his neck comes from impurities caused by the mine. Sky News The cobalt is taken to open-air markets where Chinese buyers, like this guy, give the locals a price. Sky News The cobalt is then traded through a chain of Chinese suppliers, according to the Washington Post, until it reaches Apple, Samsung, and all the other phone makers. That opaque chain is why no single phone company can be tied directly to any one Congolese cobalt mine. Sky News It's a similar situation in Indonesia, where children work in mud pits (below) to extract tin for smartphones, according to this BBC report, which found a 14-year-old in one mine. They are at constant risk of mudslides, and people frequently die in them. BBC In 2016, Apple became more active about policing its suppliers. Its initial efforts have been most focused on companies that Apple contract with directly. "In 2016, we expanded our responsible sourcing efforts beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt. We’re proud to report that 100 per cent of our conflict minerals and cobalt smelter/refiner partners are now participating in independent third-party audits to ensure their own business practices are conducted responsibly," the company says in its responsibility report. "There’s absolutely no excuse for anyone under legal working age to be in our supply chain. In 2016, we assessed 705 facilities that employ nearly 1.2 million people and found one underage worker, a 15½-year-old who had been working in a manufacturing facility in China, where the legal working age is 16. We required the supplier to provide safe passage home for the underage worker, and to continue paying their wages while also providing an educational opportunity. Upon the underage worker becoming of legal age, the supplier will be required to provide them with an employment opportunity." Apple is paying attention to the indirect suppliers of raw materials in the chain below the Chinese commodity traders, although its proposals there are more vague: "We are working with our cobalt suppliers and stakeholders on a programme that will verify individual artisanal mines, according to our standards, and these mines will be allowed into our supply chain when we are confident the appropriate protections are in place. We have also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive change, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining communities, and build programmes to help children stay at school. And we made a grant to the Fund for Global Human Rights, an international organisation that provides financial and other support to grassroots organisations in the Democratic Republic of Congo, who are working to end child labour and human rights abuses in mining communities." EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » More from Business Insider UK: NOW WATCH: 16 keyboard shortcuts only Mac power users know about Loading video... More: Apple iPhone facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This child being abused in a cobalt mine is why Apple is trying to fix the mining business This child being abused in a cobalt mine is why Apple is trying to fix the mining business The kid in the middle of this photo is 8 years... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Meet takes off without India, Xi Jinping says no harm to stability Violence across Bengal civic polls, Congress, BJP pull out Sofa, AC installed for Yogi Adityanath's visit to martyr’s family, removed after he left Pakistan army note hints at worry about India’s LoC response Banking consolidation 2nd wave: FinMin sees room for 3-4 more PSB mergers Home Technology Tech News Apple acquires artificial intelligence firm Lattice Data for $200 million Apple acquires artificial intelligence firm Lattice Data for $200 million Lattice applies an artificial intelligence (AI) enabled inference engine to take unstructured, dark data and turn it into structured (and more usable) information. By: IANS | San Francisco | Published:May 14, 2017 1:19 pm   The deal was closed a couple of weeks ago and nearly 20 Lattice engineers have joined Apple. US tech giant Apple has acquired Lattice Data, a specialist in turning unstructured “dark data” such as text and images into structured data, for nearly $200 million, the media reported on Saturday. Lattice applies an artificial intelligence (AI) enabled inference engine to take unstructured, dark data and turn it into structured (and more usable) information. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,” TechCrunch quoted a company spokesperson as saying. The deal was closed a couple of weeks ago and nearly 20 Lattice engineers have joined Apple. Lattice was founded in 2015 as the commercialisation of DeepDive, a system created at Stanford to “extract value from dark data”. It is unclear who Lattice has been working with, or how Apple would intend to use the technology that can be used for AI, medical research, and more, the report noted. However, according to a source, Lattice had been “talking to other tech companies about enhancing their AI assistants,” including Amazon’s Alexa and Samsung’s Bixby, and had recently spent time in South Korea. Recently, Apple acquired Beddit — an app and sleep system — designed to monitor daily sleep habits through the iPhone. Earlier this year, Apple acquired “Workflow”, a popular iOS tool that allows users combine the functionalities of various apps together to automate normally complex processes. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Apple No Comments. Must Read SportsRCB taste a wooden-spoonful of consolation SportsRising Pune Supergiant take a giant leap SportsUP cops zero in on IPL betting racket ‘kingpin’ TechnologyFlipkart's Big 10 sale: Redmi Note 4, Apple iPhone 7, Moto G5 Plus and other deals TechnologyWannaCry ransomware attack: Here is how to save your PC, and what to do if you are affected TechnologyWannaCry ransomware: Everything to know about the global cyberattack LifestylePriyanka Chopra shimmers in blue at Baywatch world premiere in Miami May 15: Latest News La Liga: Real Madrid, Barcelona pick 4-1 wins to set up final day title showdown Madhya Pradesh: Three killed, 42 injured as bus topples in Dindori A glass of beetroot juice could lower BP, heart attack risk Drake takes Irish model Ava Van Rose on Boy Meets World tour for six weeks Drinking alcohol does not change your personality as much you feel                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 15, 2:53 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 8 vs. Galaxy S8: Siri Expected To Get Bixby Vision Like Feature As Apple Acquires Lattice Data By Rishabh Jain On 05/14/17 AT 3:40 AM Close Apple bought Lattice Data, a company that uses an artificial intelligence (AI) based interface engine for transforming unstructured “dark” data into structured and more usable information. TechCrunch reported Saturday, citing sources, that the tech giant reportedly paid $200 million for the acquisition. On being asked about the deal, Apple neither confirmed nor denied it. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,” an Apple spokesperson told the publication. Read: Apple Integrating Siri Into Messages App According To New Patent Application What is Dark Data? There is a massive amount of data produced globally every year – 4.4 Zetabytes in 2013 by a conservative estimate. This data is expected to grow 10-folds by 2020, and according to IBM most of the data has been produced in the last two years, as TechCruch reported.  Around 80 percent of the data is unstructured or “dark” and therefore cannot be used for processing and analytics. Lattice uses machine-learning algorithms to sort out the data, put it into the correct order and turn it into useful information. While the data is useless without labeling and organization, once it is unlocked using proper organization, it has a certain latent value.  This data could then be used for various purposes, ranging from policing and crime solving — finding digital traces of crimes such as human trafficking and child porn, medical research and other such uses. Apple’s interest in the technology is well thought out. The company’s voice assistant, Siri was the first in a line of conversation voice assistants on smartphones. In fact, it had a head start on all the other companies in the field.  But, over the years, while Apple was busy integrating the voice assistant on all of its devices, other companies moved ahead with their own version of the technology. In 2016 many companies revealed their own AI-based voice assistant, starting with Amazon’s Alexa, after which Google launched its Google Assistant and HTC sense companion. Samsung released its Bixby voice assistant in March, on its Galaxy S8 flagship and Microsoft is expected to reveal an improved AI-based version of Cortana soon. All these assistants, which came after Siri, have an advantage over it since they are AI-based and evolve according to usage. Most importantly, Apple’s major rival, Samsung’s Bixby Assistant has a feature called the Bixby Vision. Bixby is integrated into the Galaxy S8’s camera, gallery and is connected to the internet. It then uses AI to find out what the user is focusing on using the camera and sources out contextual information from the internet. Read: Apple Siri Speaker: 5 Expected Features Including Improved Beats Audio, Touchscreen With the iPhone 8 expected to launch this year, and a Siri-based speaker expected to be unveiled at WWDC, Apple needs to improve Siri to match up to other voice assistants. The company’s acquisition of Lattice Data suggests that the company could be working on a similar feature for Siri, especially since the Lattice has the technology to scan and make sense of images and text. While Apple, as usual, is silent on the subject, a new version of Siri is expected to be launched at WWDC 2017.  Join the Discussion Most Read Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business How Airline Flight Attendants And Passengers Should Treat Each Other One passenger is curious about what measures to take when a flight attendant doesn't respond to repeated requests. Technology 5 Amazing Space Facts And Pictures We look in the sky, and wonder, “Man oh man, if I ever tried walking around the Earth once, it’d take me a lifetime.” World Scientists Detect A New Fast Radio Burst The mysterious flash of high-energy burst, called FRB 150215, was detected in February 2015 using the Parkes radio telescope in Australia. National Michael Cohen Faces Heat Over Posting Indecent Photograph Of Daughter Trump's attorney and spokesperson was heavily criticized by Twitter users for posting a photograph of his daughter wearing nothing but but a skimpy lingerie. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
News Qatar GCC Middle East Europe Americas Africa India Pakistan/Afghanistan Asia Philippines Oceania Business Qatar Business GCC Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Oil Market Sports Qatar Sport Football Tennis Formula One Cricket Athletics Golf NBA Rugby Basketball Olympics Life Style Features & more Tech & Science Motoring Health Food Travel Views Editor in Chief Columns Opinion In Focus Syrian Civil War Islamic State Doha Today Community Campus Souq Entertainment Hollywood Bollywood World Cinema Music In Focus Qatar 2022 Syria Civil War Jobs Search Jobs Advanced Search Post Your CV News Facebook Twitter Google Alert for mobile radars on Qatar roads (Monday, May 15) Facebook Twitter Google Read More Emir calls for more efforts to find just solutions to conflicts at Doha Forum The Emir H H Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani patronized the opening of the 17th edition of the Doha... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar agency issues tips to protect against ransomeware and what to do if you are hit? Computers across the world were locked up and users' files held for ransom when dozens of countries... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Alert for mobile radars on Qatar roads (Sunday, May 14) It is best to drive carefully and under speed limit if you are driving on these Qatar roads today... Facebook Twitter Google Read More First rooftop air-conditioned jogging track in Qatar soon Le Mirage Real Estate will build Qatar’s first residential project having a roof top... Business Facebook Twitter Google Commercial Bank to roll out new digital features Facebook Twitter Google Read More INJAZ Qatar announces winners of Mubadara 2017 INJAZ Qatar, a non-profit organisation and member of Junior Achievement (JA) Worldwide, celebrated... Facebook Twitter Google Read More SAK Holding Group Chairman honoured Sheikh Thani bin Abdullah Al Thani, Chairman of the Board of Directors of SAK Holding Group received... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Doha Bank wins 'Best Regional Commercial Bank' award Doha Bank has been named the 'Best Regional Commercial Bank' for the fifth time in a row at the... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Abu Dhabi's Mubadala plans to invest up to $15 billion in SoftBank fund Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Investment Co. plans to invest as much as $15 billion in SoftBank Group... Sports Facebook Twitter Google Qatar wins three medals at Islamic Solidarity Games in Baku Facebook Twitter Google Read More We deserved to qualify for the final, says Laudrup Al Rayyan coach Michael Laudrup was impressed with the fighting spirit his players exhibited in the... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Al Sadd beats El Jaish to reach Emir Cup final Baghdad Bounedjah gave Al Sadd the lead in the 47th minute and Hassan Al Haydos added the second one... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Dana wins gold for Qatar at Islamic Solidarity Games in Baku Dana Saad Al Mubarak kept her nerve in crucial moments of a tightly-contested women’s 25m pistol... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Coutinho masterclass lifts Reds back to third Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool within touching distance of the Champions League as the... Life Style Facebook Twitter Google Growing global cyberattack hits 200,000 victims so far Facebook Twitter Google Read More Tunisia seeks UNESCO World Heritage status for Jewish pilgrimage isle Djerba Facebook Twitter Google Read More How can fried rice be good for you? When you make it this way This recipe turns a humble bowl of rice into a lip-smackingly tasty meal. It feels like an... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Costa Rica woos European tourists, French investment Increasing numbers of Europeans are boosting Costa Rica's thriving tourism industry, but lagging... Facebook Twitter Google Read More NASA delays debut launch of $23 billion moon rocket and capsule NASA has delayed the first launch of its heavy-payload rocket until 2019 and decided against an... Doha Today Facebook Twitter Google CHANSS and PALM jointly celebrate Vishu, Easter Facebook Twitter Google Read More PSI School launches Seat Belt campaign to educate students about road safety The Parent-Teacher Association of Pearling Season International School embarked on a mission to... Facebook Twitter Google Read More ISA Qatar Section holds honours & awards event ISA Qatar Section holds honours & awards event Facebook Twitter Google Read More Asean golfers bid farewell to Malaysian envoy Asean golfers bid farewell to Malaysian envoy Facebook Twitter Google Read More Stunning Filipino fashion in Qatar Stunning Filipino fashion in Qatar Entertainment Facebook Twitter Google Portugal's Salvador Sobral wins Eurovision contest with tender ballad Facebook Twitter Google Read More Eurovision in Kiev pits Italy's gorilla against Portugal's crooner Ukraine gears up to host the Eurovision Song Contest final in Kiev on Saturday with Italy's dancing... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Hollywood's Walk of Fame, the biggest star of all Actors come and go, radio presenters live or die by their ratings and musicians top the charts only... Facebook Twitter Google Read More US teen suicide series triggers alarm among educators, experts "13 Reasons Why," a hit Netflix show in which a teenager slits her wrists and leaves behind 13 tapes... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Netflix rails at French 'establishment' after Cannes ban Netflix boss Reed Hastings has hit out at the French cinema "establishment", which he claims wants... Qatar Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Alert for mobile radars on Qatar roads (Monday, May 15) "Remember speed limits are a maximum, not a target" goes the tweet by Minister of Interior Qatar as they list down the areas that have mobile radars... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Emir calls for more efforts to find just solutions to... The Emir H H Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani patronized the opening of the 17th edition of the Doha Forum, which is being held under the theme... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Qatar agency issues tips to protect against ransomeware and... Computers across the world were locked up and users' files held for ransom when dozens of countries were hit in a cyber-extortion attack that targeted... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Alert for mobile radars on Qatar roads (Sunday, May 14) It is best to drive carefully and under speed limit if you are driving on these Qatar roads today (Sunday, May 14) – Shamal Highway, Salwa Road, Um... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar First rooftop air-conditioned jogging track in Qatar soon Le Mirage Real Estate will build Qatar’s first residential project having a roof top air-conditioned jogging track, giving its residents a chance to... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Emir to patronise Doha Forum opening today Under the Patronage of Emir H H Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, the Seventeenth edition of the Doha Forum will begin today under the theme... News Facebook Twitter Google Read More Pakistan/Afghanistan Will not let Pakistan war against neighbours: Zardari Former President Asif Ali Zardari on Sunday said he stood for good relations with Pakistan's neighbouring countries and criticised the Nawaz Sharif... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Middle East Syrian refugee kids in Lebanon act, direct, 'escape' 11-year-old Syrian refugee Mostafa Abdallah is directing his fellow child actors in a musical filmed in a Palestinian camp in Lebanon as part of the... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Asia Trade groups appeal to Beijing to postpone cybersecurity law A coalition of 54 global business groups appealed to Chinese authorities Monday to postpone enforcing a cybersecurity law they warned violates... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Asia Free incubators save lives of Indonesian babies Hundreds of premature babies born in Indonesia are benefiting from the work of an engineering professor who is building incubators and lending them... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Americas Dying Guatemala lake underlines climate change threat The dried-out oyster shells lie on a landscape parched and cracked by the sun. This is what is left of Lake Atescatempa, once a vast blue-green body... Business Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Business Commercial Bank to roll out new digital features Banking sector in the country will see more technology growth soon, with Commercial Bank, all set to roll out new digital features soon. The Bank... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Business INJAZ Qatar announces winners of Mubadara 2017 INJAZ Qatar, a non-profit organisation and member of Junior Achievement (JA) Worldwide, celebrated the conclusion of Mubadara 2017, the Annual Young... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Business SAK Holding Group Chairman honoured Sheikh Thani bin Abdullah Al Thani, Chairman of the Board of Directors of SAK Holding Group received the Ecosystems Innovation award at the 2017... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Business Doha Bank wins 'Best Regional Commercial Bank' award Doha Bank has been named the 'Best Regional Commercial Bank' for the fifth time in a row at the Banker Middle East Industry Awards 2017. The awards... Facebook Twitter Google Read More GCC Business Abu Dhabi's Mubadala plans to invest up to $15 billion in... Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Investment Co. plans to invest as much as $15 billion in SoftBank Group Corp.’s Vision Fund and start two new venture capital... Sports Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Sport Qatar wins three medals at Islamic Solidarity Games in Baku Qatar now have so far won three medals at the Games, two bronze and one gold, all of which have come in shooting. Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Sport We deserved to qualify for the final, says Laudrup Al Rayyan coach Michael Laudrup was impressed with the fighting spirit his players exhibited in the Emir Cup semi-final against Lekhwiya on Saturday,... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Sport Al Sadd beats El Jaish to reach Emir Cup final Baghdad Bounedjah gave Al Sadd the lead in the 47th minute and Hassan Al Haydos added the second one in the 76th minute to set up title clash with Al... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Qatar Sport Dana wins gold for Qatar at Islamic Solidarity Games in Baku Dana Saad Al Mubarak kept her nerve in crucial moments of a tightly-contested women’s 25m pistol final to help Qatar win their first gold at the... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Football Coutinho masterclass lifts Reds back to third Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool within touching distance of the Champions League as the Brazilian's masterclass inspired a 4-0 demolition of West... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Formula One Hamilton wins thrilling Spanish Grand Prix Lewis Hamilton roared back into serious contention for a fourth drivers' world title on Sunday when he drove to a well-judged victory for Mercedes in... Life Style Facebook Twitter Google Read More Health Experiencing beauty requires thought: Study Facebook Twitter Google Read More Tech & Science Facebook CFO urges government to help working mothers Facebook Twitter Google Read More Health A glass of beetroot juice could lower BP, heart attack risk A glass of beetroot juice -- a source of dietary nitrate -- could dramatically lower as well as reduce heart attack risk, a study has revealed. Facebook Twitter Google Read More Tech & Science Growing global cyberattack hits 200,000 victims so far An international manhunt was well under way for the plotters behind the world's biggest-ever computer ransom assault. Facebook Twitter Google Read More Culture Tunisia seeks UNESCO World Heritage status for Jewish... Doha Today Facebook Twitter Google Read More Souq Sacoor Brothers opens at Doha Festival City Sacoor Brothers, an international fashion label representing sophistication with a distinctive code, has opened its doors on May 10 at Doha Festival... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Souq A Ramadan to remember at Azraq Restaurant Azraq Restaurant will be marking Ramadan this year with a special month-long event, catered to offering its guests a wide choice of cuisines for Iftar... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Souq Delage unveils latest collection of handbags at Blue Salon Facebook Twitter Google Read More Campus SIS conducts counselling for students Shantiniketan Indian School (SIS) organised a career and counselling session for the commerce students of classes XI and XII. Taher Kapasi from the... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Campus IIS holds Islamic awareness competition Entertainment Facebook Twitter Google Read More Music Portugal's Salvador Sobral wins Eurovision contest with... Portugal's Salvador Sobral won the Eurovision Song Contest on Saturday with a gentle romantic ballad that challenged the event's decades-long... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Bollywood Taapsee Pannu takes cue from Downey Jr's act Facebook Twitter Google Read More Bollywood Mother's Day: B-Town gets nostalgic Facebook Twitter Google Read More Bollywood Aishwarya to present 'Devdas' at Cannes film fest again Facebook Twitter Google Read More Music Eurovision in Kiev pits Italy's gorilla against Portugal's... Ukraine gears up to host the Eurovision Song Contest final in Kiev on Saturday with Italy's dancing gorilla entry and Portugal's traditional balladeer... Facebook Twitter Google Read More Bollywood Feel lucky when there's no controversy: Irrfan Khan Editor-in-Chief The Peninsula: Leading from the front Dr. Khalid Al-Shafi Opinions Uber needs to change to stay a tech company Leonid Bershidsky Security and stability: Somalia’s big... Boris Johnson Look past my headscarf Sawsan Morrar Emergence of new spontaneous media Aiman Abboushi Impact of globalisation on Qatari youth AlDana Al-Athba Emir’s visit to Africa: A step in the right... Dr Mohammad Saleh Al Misfer How Bashar Al Assad rescued Trump Dr Daud Abdullah Donald Trump’s symbolic strike on Syria Ibrahim Al Marashi Teaching and learning Arabic language Dr. Kenneth Hulslander China’s ‘Great Firewall’ is yet another... Adam Minter Latest News Hot News Experiencing beauty requires thought: Study  15 May 2017 - 9:56 Will not let Pakistan war against neighbours: Zardari  15 May 2017 - 9:49 Syrian refugee kids in Lebanon act, direct, 'escape'  15 May 2017 - 9:45 Jakarta's Christian governor jailed for two years for...  09 May 2017 - 19:54 Qatar to have Middle East’s first ‘Luxeclusive’ resort  09 May 2017 - 16:23 Indian minister’s son found 'heavily drunk', taken off...  09 May 2017 - 11:41 Video Gallery Photo Gallery Aspire first International Kite Festival Doha Festival City QIFF 2017 by Salim Matramkot QIFF 2017 by Abdul Basit Qatar Airways - QSuite Latest Tweets Tweets by @PeninsulaQatar Latest News Experiencing beauty requires thought: Study Will not let Pakistan war against neighbours: Zardari Syrian refugee kids in Lebanon act, direct, 'escape' Hot News Jakarta's Christian governor jailed for two years for blasphemy Qatar to have Middle East’s first ‘Luxeclusive’ resort Indian minister’s son found 'heavily drunk', taken off Qatar Airways flight About Us The Peninsula newspaper provides extensive news coverage, incisive analyses and trenchant commentary from around the world, but with firm roots and primary focus on life in Qatar. Stay in touch © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Toggle navigation About Contact
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 13° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Tech Property Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech Forget the iPhone 8 - TWO major new products could be launched by Apple within WEEKS Forget the iPhone 8 - TWO major new products could be launched by Apple within WEEKS APPLE’S WWDC developers conference will get underway on June 4 and rumours are rife that two new devices will be unveiled at the event in San Jose. Here's what might be launching ahead of the iPhone 8. By David Snelling David Snelling PUBLISHED: 05:45, Mon, May 15, 2017 | UPDATED: 05:46, Mon, May 15, 2017 Apple fans could be in for a treat next month as the firm’s WWDC 2017 conference gets under way. The event brings thousands of developers together to help create new apps, experiences and software for some of Apple’s biggest products. WWDC is also where Apple users often get their first glimpse at what the next versions of iOS and macOS have in store This year Apple is expected to reveal iOS 11 which could bring a host of improvements to its iPhone and iPad devices. Although WWDC is mostly software focused, 2017 could be different with rumours rife that new hardware will also be shown to the world. It has been suggested that Apple could unveil a new Amazon Echo rival at its conference in June. GEETYApple could announce the launch of two new products within weeks Apple iPhone 8 - Leaked photos, prototype phones, concept images, and renders Sun, January 1, 2017 iPhone 8 is shaping up to be one of the most impressive Apple smartphones to date, with glass panels on the front and rear of the device, a curved borderless OLED display and no Home Button Play slideshow VENIAMIN GESKIN • TWITTER • CONCEPT IMAGES 1 of 30 Apple iPhone 8 will debut a brand-new all-glass look, with a curved OLED display and no physical Home Button Bloomberg recently reported that some key Apple employees have already been testing this new device inside their homes for several months.  This Siri-powered speaker would likely to go on sale as a premium product and include a much higher price than the Echo. Making the announcement at WWDC would make sense for Apple as it would give the company time to enlist developers to build applications for the new device. Apple already owns headphone and speaker brand, Beats, plus millions of people now subscribe to Apple Music making this an easy win for the technology firm Along with this speaker there's a chance we may see a new iPad launched next month. Although Apple has recently released a lower priced tablet its Pro range hasn't had an update for sometime. YOU CAN READ OUR iPAD 2017 REVIEW HERE APPLEApple WWDC 2017 will take place next month in San Jose A leaked iPad case has also just been spotted online and could mean Apple will also use WWDC to reveal a new iPad Pro. Case manufacturer Urban Armor Gear appears to be preparing a case for the rumoured 10.5-inch iPad Pro.  A stock system at an Apple Authorised Reseller shared with Apple rumour website, 9to5Mac, shows a new case ‘for iPad 10.5-inch’. This case supposedly comes in three colour combinations, and looks set to available in June 2017 - just after WWDC. Apple has already launched a number of new products this year including the RED iPhone 7 and a new, cheaper iPad. Apple iPad 2017 review - Latest affordable tablet in pictures Sat, April 22, 2017 APPLE'S latest tablet packs plenty of punch at a price that won't break the bank. Play slideshow EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS 1 of 9 Apple iPad 2017 review The US technology giant has also just launched Clips which is aimed at helping everyone create instant mini movies. The simple app automatically edits together live or pre-recorded videos, photos and voice clips with easy controls allowing the videos to be produced and shared in seconds. Clips makes things incredibly simple with one-touch controls but more advanced features are also on offer for those wanting to add some extra excitement to their movies. Clips also introduces Live Titles, a breakthrough feature that lets users create animated captions and titles using just the power of their voice. Users simply speak into their iPhone or iPad's microphone with the words then appearing in the clip. Related articles iPhone 8 will be missing THIS feature from the Galaxy S8 Own an Apple iPhone 7? Bet you had no idea it could do this iPhone 8 release date is back on track, but there's a catch Apple Apple iPhone 8 Latest videos Pound to euro exchange rate - Sterling climbs to THIS after experts said it would DECLINE BAFTA TV Awards 2017: The Crown’s Claire Foy goes braless in daring semi-sheer dress Kourtney Kardashian poses COMPLETELY NAKED and flashes sideboob in jaw-dropping snap BAFTA TV Awards 2017: Sue Perkins makes Gillian Anderson squirm with THIS joke Theresa May urged to use Tory manifesto to BLOCK Spain & EU from meddling with Gibraltar Microsoft warns users to update their PCs as millions could be hit by cyber attack TODAY Kodi fights back - As crackdown continues Kodi launches this ‘awesome’ update Apple iPad news update as leak reveals new tablet could launch NEXT MONTH Samsung Galaxy S7 update - Some big news that the Galaxy S8 may find hard to beat Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7 - Which one is best for you? Google Chrome - There's a hidden cost to running this app on Windows 10 Kodi WARNING - The hidden danger of using a Kodi Box in your home OnePlus 3T review - A minor upgrade, but it's still one of the best phones money can buy WhatsApp fans will probably want to ditch Google Chrome after seeing this OnePlus 5 release date, price, specs - almost EVERYTHING you'd want to know has LEAKED Samsung Galaxy S8 has ANOTHER major problem (and it might just stop you buying one) iPhone 8 release date is back on track - but you still probably won't be able to buy one Crystal Palace vs Hull City live stream: How to watch Premier League football online Huddersfield v Sheffield Wednesday live stream: How to watch Championship play-off online West Ham vs Liverpool live stream - How to watch Premier League match LIVE online F1 Spanish Grand Prix live stream - Watch Grand Prix race LIVE online Spurs v Manchester United live stream - How to watch Premier League football online Real Madrid vs Sevilla live stream - How to watch La Liga football online Nokia 3310 - Five reasons why you SHOULD and should NOT buy this phone OnePlus 5 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 will be no competition, if THIS new leak is to be believed SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Monday, 15th May 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Nature Politics Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news Boxing F1 Tennis UFC Cricket Golf Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Columnists Express Comment Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Tech Property Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Analog Devices Could Return 20% in a Year The proliferation of silicon in cars and factories provides Analog Devices with a lot of running room. By Jack Hough Biography Updated May 13, 2017 12:37 a.m. ET Sales estimates for the next iPhone are creeping higher. Apple stock has been hitting new highs. So has the broad Philadelphia Semiconductor Index, fueled not only by demand for smartphone innards, but also by the proliferation of silicon in cars, home appliances, factories, and more. Analog Devices (ticker: ADI) shares had been roaring ahead with the group, but they lost a step, recently trading at $78.63, 6% below their March peak. Investors might be worried about the company losing share in iPhone screen chips. But it’s... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Time to Buy Emerging Markets Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » General China pledges additional 100 billion yuan for Silk Road Business Standard Apple acquires AI firm Lattice Data for $200mn IANS  |  San Francisco  May 14, 2017 Last Updated at 11:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVibnc ALSO READ Chinese government money backs buyout firm's deal for U.S. chip maker EXCLUSIVE - Chinese government money backs buyout firm's deal for U.S. chip maker Indian financial institutions embracing data analytics, AI: PwC Apple acquires iOS automation tool 'Workflow' ScoopWhoop acquires video streaming firm Touchfone Technology US tech giant Apple has acquired Lattice Data, a specialist in turning unstructured "dark data" such as text and images into structured data, for nearly $200 million, the media reported on Saturday. Lattice applies an artificial intelligence (AI) enabled inference engine to take unstructured, dark data and turn it into structured (and more usable) information. "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans," TechCrunch quoted a company spokesperson as saying. The deal was closed a couple of weeks ago and nearly 20 Lattice engineers have joined Apple. Lattice was founded in 2015 as the commercialisation of DeepDive, a system created at Stanford to "extract value from dark data". It is unclear who Lattice has been working with, or how Apple would intend to use the technology that can be used for AI, medical research, and more, the report noted. However, accordign to a source, Lattice had been "talking to other tech companies about enhancing their AI assistants," including Amazon's Alexa and Samsung's Bixby, and had recently spent time in South Korea. Recently, Apple acquired Beddit -- an app and sleep system -- designed to monitor daily sleep habits through the iPhone. Earlier this year, Apple acquired "Workflow", a popular iOS tool that allows users combine the functionalities of various apps together to automate normally complex processes. --IANS rt/ksk/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Apple Acquires Ai Firm Lattice Data For $200mn | News-ians | General PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Apple acquires AI firm Lattice Data for $200mn US tech giant Apple has acquired Lattice Data, a specialist in turning unstructured "dark data" such as text and images into structured data, for nearly $200 million, the media reported on Saturday. US tech giant Apple has acquired Lattice Data, a specialist in turning unstructured "dark data" such as text and images into structured data, for nearly $200 million, the media reported on Saturday. Lattice applies an artificial intelligence (AI) enabled inference engine to take unstructured, dark data and turn it into structured (and more usable) information. "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans," TechCrunch quoted a company spokesperson as saying. The deal was closed a couple of weeks ago and nearly 20 Lattice engineers have joined Apple. Lattice was founded in 2015 as the commercialisation of DeepDive, a system created at Stanford to "extract value from dark data". It is unclear who Lattice has been working with, or how Apple would intend to use the technology that can be used for AI, medical research, and more, the report noted. However, accordign to a source, Lattice had been "talking to other tech companies about enhancing their AI assistants," including Amazon's Alexa and Samsung's Bixby, and had recently spent time in South Korea. Recently, Apple acquired Beddit -- an app and sleep system -- designed to monitor daily sleep habits through the iPhone. Earlier this year, Apple acquired "Workflow", a popular iOS tool that allows users combine the functionalities of various apps together to automate normally complex processes. --IANS rt/ksk/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple acquires AI firm Lattice Data for $200mn US tech giant Apple has acquired Lattice Data, a specialist in turning unstructured "dark data" such as text and images into structured data, for nearly $200 million, the media reported on Saturday. Lattice applies an artificial intelligence (AI) enabled inference engine to take unstructured, dark data and turn it into structured (and more usable) information. "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans," TechCrunch quoted a company spokesperson as saying. The deal was closed a couple of weeks ago and nearly 20 Lattice engineers have joined Apple. Lattice was founded in 2015 as the commercialisation of DeepDive, a system created at Stanford to "extract value from dark data". It is unclear who Lattice has been working with, or how Apple would intend to use the technology that can be used for AI, medical research, and more, the report noted. However, accordign to a source, Lattice had been "talking to other tech companies about enhancing their AI assistants," including Amazon's Alexa and Samsung's Bixby, and had recently spent time in South Korea. Recently, Apple acquired Beddit -- an app and sleep system -- designed to monitor daily sleep habits through the iPhone. Earlier this year, Apple acquired "Workflow", a popular iOS tool that allows users combine the functionalities of various apps together to automate normally complex processes. --IANS rt/ksk/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Apple Just Acquired This Little-Known Artificial Intelligence Startup Leena Rao Fortune May 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share has acquired a data mining and machine learning company Lattice.io, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter. Apple confirmed the acquisition exclusively to Fortune via telephone on Saturday, and provided the following statement via email: “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans.” There isn’t much information publicly available about Lattice, but according to the company’s CrunchBase profile, the startup was born out a Stanford research project called DeepDive. The company’s technology appears to use machine learning to parse through databases or the web to answer queries. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. Lattice was co-founded by Chris Re, a professor of computer science at Stanford, and Michael Cafarella, a professor of computer science at the University of Michigan. Cafarella was the co-creator of Hadoop, a widely used big data processing technology. Cafarella was also previously an engineer at telecommunications company TellMe Networks, which was bought by in 2007 for $800 million. According to this 2015 profile on Re, the professor’s Deep Dive program is able to understand “dark data,” which provides information within images or illustrations. The company’s technology is also similar to Google’s Knowledge Graph , which is the search giant’s technology that understands relationships between people, places, and things, and it provide answers to questions like “What’s the capital of California?” One source familiar with the matter said the acquisition price was between $175 million and $200 million. Lattice had raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Madrona Venture Group and GV, the venture arm of Google-parent Alphabet. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com This Cloud Technology Lives on But Its Promise Has Changed IBM Watson Boldly Goes Into VR With New Star Trek Game Cisco Pays $125 Million For This Artificial Intelligence Startup Apple Is Bringing iTunes to Microsoft's Windows Store Microsoft Says It Can Make Devices Smarter Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Here's the Simplest Reason Ever Why Apple Won't Spend More Than $50 Billion to Buy Tesla The Street iPad Pro 2: 5 Expected Features International Business Times Apple reportedly acquired an AI startup focused on 'dark data' for $200 million Business Insider Amazon Is So Dominant in This One Market Apple May Have No Shot at Being a Leader The Street 11 reasons why Apple and Adobe should fear the new Microsoft CNET GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance We Drove a Brand New $313,000 Lamborghini for a Few Days and Couldn't Believe How People Reacted The Street The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC The first trip to Mars will come with the longest layover ever BGR News Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Apple reportedly acquired an AI startup focused on 'dark data' for $200 million Alexei Oreskovic Business Insider May 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Tim CookMore (Apple CEO Tim CookReuters) Apple has acquired artificial intelligence startup Lattice Data for $200 million, according to a report in TechCrunch.  The deal closed a few weeks ago and roughly 20 engineers from Lattice have joined Apple, according to the report, which cited an anonymous source.  Lattice's technology focuses on "dark data," the mass of unorganized information stored in computer networks that is not in a proper format for companies to analyze or tap into. Lattice uses AI to make sense of all that data.  Apple and Lattice did not immediately return a request for comment.  AI has become a key technology for future products envisioned by tech companies like Apple, Google, Facebook and Microsoft, which are all racing to build up big artificial intelligence teams. You can read the full TechCrunch story here. More From Business Insider Apple isn't working on a car — it's working on something much bigger Snap's stock may have more room to fall — to single digits Look at the big gap between Snapchat's revenue per user and Facebook's Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Apple acquires AI company Lattice Data, a specialist in unstructured ‘dark data’, for $200M TechCrunch VCs see fertile ground in agtech TechCrunch Siri To Get Galaxy S8's Bixby Vision Like Feature? International Business Times Apple acquires AI startup Lattice.io CNET AI Might Shield Las Vegas Against Cyber Attacks International Business Times GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video REVEALED: The hedge funds who bought Snap Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett says if you want steady reliable returns, this instrument 'makes the most sense' CNBC Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Meet takes off without India, Xi Jinping says no harm to stability Violence across Bengal civic polls, Congress, BJP pull out Sofa, AC installed for Yogi Adityanath's visit to martyr’s family, removed after he left Pakistan army note hints at worry about India’s LoC response Banking consolidation 2nd wave: FinMin sees room for 3-4 more PSB mergers Home Technology Tech News Apple to invest $200 million in scratch-resistant glass Apple to invest $200 million in scratch-resistant glass Apple announced it would give the money to Corning Inc. to use at its facility in Harrodsburg, Kentucky. By: AP | Harrodsburg | Published:May 14, 2017 10:18 am Apple and Corning first teamed up 10 years ago when former Apple CEO Steve Jobs ordered the plastic screen on the company’s first iPhone to be replaced with a scratch-resistant glass just a few months before the product was to launch. (Source: AP) Apple says it will invest $200 million in a rural Kentucky facility that it credits with rescuing the company’s signature smartphone from a design flaw that would have led to scratched screens. The California-based company announced it would give the money to Corning Inc. to use at its facility in Harrodsburg, Kentucky. Apple and Corning first teamed up 10 years ago when former Apple CEO Steve Jobs ordered the plastic screen on the company’s first iPhone to be replaced with a scratch-resistant glass just a few months before the product was to launch. Since then, Corning says it has made 552 million square feet (51 million square meters) of its Gorilla Glass product for iPhones and iPads, or roughly enough glass to cover 10,000 football fields. “All of that work happened right here in Harrodsburg, and Apple owes you a big thank you,” Apple Chief Operating Officer Jeff Williams told workers at Corning’s Harrodsburg facility on Friday. Williams said the money is the first of $1 billion the company plans to spend on US-based companies from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund. “It’s only fitting that the first commitment from that fund be for Corning and specifically for Harrodsburg, where so much of our history is,” Williams said. Williams was joined by US Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Corning CEO Wendell Weeks. Officials from both companies did not say if the money would bring more jobs to Kentucky, or if the state offered any tax incentives for the investment. Corning officials said the money would be used “to sustain” the 400 employees who work in Harrodsburg. Officials said the partnership between Apple and Corning has produced 1,000 jobs in the United States. It was the fourth major business investment in Kentucky this year. In January, Amazon announced it would spend $1.4 billion to build a worldwide cargo hub in northern Kentucky. Toyota has said it will spend $1.3 billion in its Georgetown plant that produces its flagship Camry sedan. And last month, Braidy Industries announced it would spend $1.3 billion to build an aluminum plant in eastern Kentucky. State taxpayers could pay nearly $100 million in tax incentives to those companies over the next 10 years if they meet projected goals with spending and job creation. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Apple Corning No Comments. Must Read SportsRCB taste a wooden-spoonful of consolation SportsRising Pune Supergiant take a giant leap SportsUP cops zero in on IPL betting racket ‘kingpin’ TechnologyFlipkart's Big 10 sale: Redmi Note 4, Apple iPhone 7, Moto G5 Plus and other deals TechnologyWannaCry ransomware attack: Here is how to save your PC, and what to do if you are affected TechnologyWannaCry ransomware: Everything to know about the global cyberattack LifestylePriyanka Chopra shimmers in blue at Baywatch world premiere in Miami May 15: Latest News La Liga: Real Madrid, Barcelona pick 4-1 wins to set up final day title showdown Madhya Pradesh: Three killed, 42 injured as bus topples in Dindori A glass of beetroot juice could lower BP, heart attack risk Drake takes Irish model Ava Van Rose on Boy Meets World tour for six weeks Drinking alcohol does not change your personality as much you feel                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Sunday, 14 May 2017 | MYT 11:00 AM In Silicon Valley, even mobile homes are getting too pricey for longtime residents by tracey lien Pavlick outside her mobile home in the Plaza del Rey park. She is leading a rent control campaign in Sunnyvale, California. — Los Angeles Times/TNS SUNNYVALE, California: During the last week of March, Apple reached a record market value of US$754bil (RM3.27tril), Google tweaked a policy to protect its US$22bil (RM95.60bil)-a-quarter advertising business and Yahoo inched toward closing a US$4.83bil (RM20.98bil) sale.  Meanwhile, Judy Pavlick drove around her Sunnyvale, California, mobile home park collecting plastic bottles and empty drink cans to save her future.  At a recycling rate of five to 10 cents a bottle, the 70-year-old's attempt to raise US$10,000 (RM43,455) to campaign for a rent control measure seemed like a long shot. But living in the heart of Silicon Valley – where rents keep soaring, outside interests are encroaching and protections for renters are scant – what else was she going to do?  "People are looking for somebody to save them, and they're not looking to themselves," said Pavlick, a retiree who has lived in the Plaza del Rey mobile home park since 1989.  The mobile home park sits on more than 65 acres of some of California's hottest real estate. Its 800 tidy modular homes are less than 2 miles from the campuses of Apple, Google, Yahoo and LinkedIn. One of the world's largest private equity firms, the Carlyle Group, bought the land two years ago for US$151.1mil (RM656.60mil). And in its first year owning the park, it increased space rents (the amount that homeowners pay to lease land) by 7.5% – the largest in Plaza del Rey's 47-year history.  Pavlick knows how this goes. She's not going to wait to be priced out. She's rallying her neighbours: Plastics. Cans. Put 'em out, now.  To live in the Bay Area is to face skyrocketing rents, threats of displacement and evictions. It's to hear about techies moving in, to hear about even techies being priced out. It's to watch glistening tech campuses go up as the gulf between those who make the tech and those who just happen to be here widens.  "When people think Silicon Valley, they think 'pot of gold,'" said Dorothy Niblock, 90, a Plaza del Rey resident who lives alone in the two-bedroom mobile home she designed with her late husband 44 years ago. "That doesn't really apply to us."  Most of Sunnyvale's dozen or so mobile home parks started as retirement communities, and nearly half remain that way. Plaza del Rey is now a family park, but its retirement roots linger: Seniors make up the bulk of its population.  Its monthly newsletter includes a calendar of activities such as Mahjong Tuesdays, Bridge Club Wednesdays and exercise groups four days a week. On Valentine's Day, there was a spaghetti dinner in the main clubhouse. On St Patrick's Day, it was corned beef and cabbage. "Please bring your own plates and utensils," the flier read. "We will be serving water, but feel free to BYOB!"  Many longtime residents have never thought of themselves as part of the Silicon Valley story. But sometimes, you don't get to choose.  The most recent tech boom created staggering job growth in the region, with real estate brokers estimating that firms such as Google and Apple now occupy around nine times the amount of land they did in 2005. The expansion of companies such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Microsoft – along with the tens of thousands of employees they attract – has also significantly increased demand for real estate in the area.  One-bedroom homes in the Sunnyvale area have gone from a median selling price of US$205,000 (RM890,827) in 2012 to more than US$445,000 (RM1.93mil) in 2017. Apartments have over the last four years seen double-digit rent increases. Teachers have been priced out of the school districts where they teach. Even lawyers have left the region in a huff. And as investors still keen to park their money in Silicon Valley look for ways to squeeze value out of what's already there, no property is getting a free pass – not even mobile home parks.  On her first day driving around the park, Pavlick collected 10 bags of bottles and cans. Total Value: US$40.  "Next Thursday, how about 20 donations?" she wrote to Plaza del Rey's Nextdoor community forum.  It costs only US$200 (RM869) to file the initial paperwork to get a measure on the ballot in Sunnyvale. But getting a ballot measure passed is more expensive and difficult, said Juliet Brodie, an attorney who represented the Mountain View Tenants Coalition in its successful push for rent control last year.  Proponents have to publish a notice of intent in local newspapers, get the ballot measure written, gather signatures of at least 10% of the city's eligible voters and win a majority of votes. Printing costs alone can push costs into the thousands of dollars.  "You can't just take a notepad and get signatures," Brodie said.  When Pavlick bought her home in 1989, she paid US$65,000 (RM282,457) plus US$356 (RM1,547) in monthly space rent, which also included water, garbage, sewage and cable. She was a business systems analyst, working for companies such as Memorex and Genentech. The park was close to her job, and its affordability meant that she could get a two-bedroom, allowing her to care for her late mother, who had Alzheimer's disease.  The original owners kept Plaza del Rey in the family for more than four decades until granddaughter Shereen Caswell sold it to Carlyle in 2015 (Caswell could not be reached for comment).  Today, Pavlick pays US$1,004 (RM4,362) for space rent, the result of incremental rent increases over nearly 30 years. Residents now cover the cost of all utilities, in addition to personal property taxes and the cost of maintaining their homes, patios and yards. On top of doubling the space rent increase in 2016 from previous years (residents have long paid increases of 3% to 4% a year, comparable to neighbouring parks), Carlyle raised the space rents for new residents to US$1,600 (RM6,952), nearly 40% more than the park average.  Earlier this year the firm offered residents a five-year lease that would cap rent increases at 4% a year, but only if they also agreed to sign a contract that would give Carlyle the right to make the first bid if a homeowner decided to sell. Carlyle declined to comment on the rent increases or its plans for the park after the five-year period is up. As of May, around 70% of residents have signed the lease. Those who have not signed might see rents increase to market value – Carlyle declined to define what this would be.  Mobile home owners face a "double whammy," according to housing lawyers, because unlike traditional homeowners, they don't own the land beneath their houses. That means they can't expect a windfall when they sell. Newer, larger mobile homes can go for as much as US$400,000 (RM1.73mil), according to local Realtors, but older homes in the park can sell for as little as US$120,000 (RM521,460). Recent space rent increases have hurt homeowners looking to sell because Realtors estimate that for every US$100 (RM434) increase in space rent, a home loses US$10,000 (RM43,455) in value.  And unlike renters, who can easily up and leave, mobile home owners are saddled with a house that is, despite the name, difficult to move. Some homes exceed 1,800 square feet, with multiple bedrooms and bathrooms. Many are brought into the park in pieces and built on site. Taking apart and transporting a mobile home can cost tens of thousands of dollars. Putting one back together can cost even more. And once a home has been uprooted, homeowners have to find a new space for it.  "Just move, just move," said Pavlick, mimicking those who believe that the solution to her problem is to leave. "Move where?"  Mobile home parks have traditionally been mom-and-pop operations. But as the value of land in Silicon Valley soars, a growing number of institutional investors have been eyeing its undervalued lots.  That includes private equity firms. Private equity investors typically snatch up struggling or undervalued businesses and find ways to increase their value – either by investing resources to beef up the business or cutting costs to improve the bottom line – then reselling them at a profit.  Carlyle spokesman Randall Whitestone told the Los Angeles Times that the publicly traded Washington, D.C., firm, which has US$162bil (RM703.97bil) in assets under management across industries such as health care, aerospace, real estate and financial services, has been buying up mobile home parks because they're "less volatile than many other asset classes."  "We like to buy in locations where there are good supply-demand fundamentals and economic strength," Whitestone said.  Because of zoning rules, there is little chance that Plaza del Rey will one day become a tech campus. But there are other ways to raise the value of the park.  Investors can upgrade a park before they sell it. Although Carlyle declined to comment on its long-term plans for the park, Whitestone said it has "made significant capital investments to materially improve the property for residents."  Another way is to increase the rent.  Plaza del Rey is, to the dismay of many longtime residents, an ideal investment for Carlyle. In a place like Silicon Valley, where tech salaries are among the highest in the country and the housing market is among the most competitive, it won't be hard to find someone willing to pay US$1,600 (RM6,952) or more for space rent. And according to private equity experts, it doesn't matter to Carlyle who that someone might be.  "They won't care if it's seniors or young people," said Erik Gordon, a professor at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business. "Their challenge is to turn something they bought for US$100mil (RM434.55mil) into something that's worth US$300mil (RM1.30bil). That's the end game for a private equity fund."  This gives Carlyle reason to fear rent control. Any caps to rent increases would not only limit the park's near-term profitability but also potentially reduce its future resale value, which is where private equity firms make most of their profit.  And that's why Carlyle sent its managing director of US real restate, Dave Kingery, to a Sunnyvale City Council meeting in January to argue against rent control.  "We do not believe it furthers the objectives of the city, the residents or the owners in the long term," Kingery said at the meeting.  The firm's annual earnings reports spelled it out more plainly: Under the "risks" heading, which details all the things that could hurt Carlyle's business, the tenth bullet point reads "changes in government regulations (such as rent control)."  Depending on who you talk to, rent control either always works or it never works. It's the answer to the housing affordability crisis. It's the reason that homes are so expensive. It will deter developers from creating more housing stock. It will keep people in their homes. It has never solved a city's problems. It's the answer to residents' prayers.  Although Silicon Valley communities have either resisted or been slow to develop new housing to accommodate the influx of workers the region has attracted over the years, Sunnyvale has one of the strongest track records in California when it comes to building affordable housing. About 10% of the units in its development pipeline are affordable housing units.  But it's also one of the few cities in Silicon Valley that doesn't have rent control, either citywide or specifically for mobile home parks, and its City Council has shown a reluctance to entertain the thorny issue.  "The problem I have is there are a lot of loopholes in rent control, and we're going to have a lot of lawsuits the moment it goes through," council member Michael Goldman said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times.  The neighbouring city of Mountain View, which passed a voter-approved measure in November, was slapped with a lawsuit from the California Apartment Association seeking to block the measure from being enforced immediately after the election. A Santa Clara County judge in April denied the request for an injunction, clearing the way for the city to go ahead with its rent control rollout.  "This is a free country and anybody with a filing fee can file a lawsuit," said Brodie, the attorney who helped Mountain View get rent control. "If we allow that to prevent us from making good policy, that's just not reasonable."  For housing advocates, rent control is good policy. For opponents, it's a Band-Aid solution. Rents are high, they argue, not just because landlords can charge whatever they want, but because Silicon Valley became a global tech mecca faster than its cities could handle it. How do you solve that?  "There are no bad guys in all this," Goldman said of Carlyle and Plaza del Rey. "When I see people saying 'It's really expensive for me,' I say if you're not working in high tech, which requires you to be here, why are you here? If you're here, you're making a decision every minute you're here that the cost of being here is worth it."  There are tech industry workers who live in Plaza del Rey – employees of Apple, Google, Oracle and local startups. They're increasingly feeling the squeeze too.  Despite making a six-figure salary working in information technology, a traditional home was out of reach for Bay Area native Ron Van Scherpe, 45. Having a young family, he didn't want to rent anymore. So he and his wife did what they thought was the next best thing: They bought a three-bedroom home in Plaza del Rey.  When they moved in 12 years ago, their combined mortgage and space rent was only US$2,150 (RM9,342). Today, it's US$2,600 (RM11,298), which is still more affordable than the rent on a one-bedroom Sunnyvale apartment. But if the space rent keeps climbing, at some point they'll be no different from renters.  "The tech industry is displacing the middle class," said Van Scherpe, who has signed up to help Pavlick in her rent control effort. "We're going to give it two years with this rent control issue, and if it doesn't look promising, we're going to have to relocate by the end of five years."  He and his wife are considering Austin, Texas. He worries that it will be hard on his kids, though. Their grandparents live here.  On a recent Thursday morning, Pavlick drove around Plaza del Rey with her neighbours Patrick and Karen Garcia picking up heavy glass bottles of Perrier and empty cans of Coca-Cola.  "Someone must have had a party," Karen Garcia said.  At the recycling facility, they traded the goods for US$46.55 (RM202.28).  Pavlick frowned. "I thought we'd get more from those heavy bottles," she said. "But it's more than last week."  "Enough to pay for a third of an hour with an attorney!" Garcia joked.  Pavlick did the math in her head. If Plaza del Rey averaged US$40 (RM173) in recycling a week, and the dozen or so mobile home parks in Sunnyvale also got involved and raised US$40 (RM173) a week, they could collectively raise everything they needed in less than six months.  She currently has around 115 people from Plaza del Rey and neighbouring parks working with her. In the coming weeks she hopes that more people will put out their recycling, knock on doors and, eventually, campaign for rent control.  It's a long shot: a few dozen mobile home park residents trying to stop a private equity firm from upending their lives. But Pavlick likes to say aloud: "Carlyle has the money, but we have the people."  Now she just needs those people to knock on doors, push for rent control and fight for their future – one plastic bottle at a time. — Los Angeles Times/Tribune News Service Related Stories You May Be Interested Nvidia and Toyota team up on self driving cars Research finds digital activity lightens teen moods in short run, but … Cyberattack hits 200,000 in at least 150 countries Replaced by robots This startup is the Airbnb of warehouses and has Amazon in its sights 10 after work habits for personal success Others Also Read When every day is Mothers Day Giving furkids a seat at the table China's Xi says Belt and Road needs to reject protectionism advertisement Latest News Lyft, Waymo ink self-driving car deal: NY Times United Airlines mocked for trying to get in on viral teen nugget sensation World braces for more cyberattacks as work week begins European, Asian companies short on cyber insurance before ransomware attack Multinationals in Vietnam targeted by hackers linked to government Most Viewed in Tech Malaysia’s mapping communities switch gears United Airlines mocked for trying to get in on viral teen nugget sensation Replaced by robots World braces for more cyberattacks as work week begins Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyberattack, authorities brace for more Follow these tips to make sure your passwords are safe Multinationals in Vietnam targeted by hackers linked to government How to cope with a break-up in the digital age Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Xperia XA1: A new X-periance Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
TRENDING CES 2017 Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Apple may introduce new Siri speaker and edgeless 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC – BGR Click On Roger Goodell To Support Great Video-Blog News Coverage At Zennie62.com Posted on May 13 2017 - 5:35pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 35 Related SoFi President Nino Fanlo to Leave Firm for Biotech Startup – Wall Street Journal (subscription) BGR With rumors regarding some new Apple hardware swirling overhead, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo put out a new research note reaffirming his belief that Apple will introduce a new piece of Siri-based hardware next month at WWDC. As for the design, … Apple’s Siri home speaker said to complement voice controls with physical touch panelAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Analyst: Apple likely to unveil 10.5 inch iPad Pro at WWDCThe Verge KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software9to5Mac BGR –News4C –Blorge all 81 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Las Vegas Stadium Authority Shares Parking Problem With NFL Oakland Raiders Warriors 113 Spurs 111 NBA Playoffs Historic WCF Game 1 - Livestream Kara McCullough Miss DC Is 2017 Miss USA Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege - Miss USA 2017 Warriors Beat Spurs 113-111 NBA Western Conf Finals Game 1 Happy Mother's Day Everyone Ben Shapiro Says Racist Things, Then Attacks Black Rapper For Calling Him Racist On Richard Spencer And Diversity "I Hear Echoes" Is Wrong Richard Spencer Is Racially Confused On American Race With Charles Barkley Oakland Raiders Ignoring Jobs For Blacks In Las Vegas NFL Stadium? Livestream Clark County Adds Parking Costs On Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium - Livestream Las Vegas Stadium Authority Meeting Update - Oakland Raiders Livestream http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Apple chooses the first recipient of its $1 billion manufacturing fund Berkeley Lovelace Jr. CNBC May 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Source: Corning. The announcement comes a week after Tim Cook told CNBC about the $1 billion fund to spur jobs.More Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) said Friday that Corning (NYSE: GLW) will receive $200 million from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund to promote technology-driven manufacturing jobs in the United States. The announcement came a week after Apple CEO Tim Cook told CNBC's Jim Cramer in an exclusive interview about the $1 billion fund to spur jobs. ( Read the full interview here .) Corning is the first recipient of the fund. The fund is the tech giant's latest effort to show how it is creating jobs as President Donald Trump pressures American companies to hire U.S. workers. Apple said the investment will support Corning's research and development, capital equipment needs and glass processing. Corning has manufactured touchscreens for Apple's iPhones. "Corning is a great example of a supplier that has continued to innovate and they are one of Apple's long-standing suppliers," Apple Chief Operating Officer Jeff Williams said in a statement. "This partnership started 10 years ago with the very first iPhone, and today every customer that buys an iPhone or iPad anywhere in the world touches glass that was developed in America," he said. "We're extremely proud of our collaboration over the years and we are investing further with Corning who has such a rich legacy of innovative manufacturing practices." More From CNBC Op-Ed: The fact that Apple has to issue bonds is a great argument for tax reform Advertisers explain what Snap must do to squeeze more money from each user The Amazon Echo just made home phones cool again. Here's how to make calls with Alexa Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Here's the Simplest Reason Ever Why Apple Won't Spend More Than $50 Billion to Buy Tesla The Street iPad Pro 2: 5 Expected Features International Business Times Apple reportedly acquired an AI startup focused on 'dark data' for $200 million Business Insider Amazon Is So Dominant in This One Market Apple May Have No Shot at Being a Leader The Street 11 reasons why Apple and Adobe should fear the new Microsoft CNET GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Reuters The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC More disruptions feared from cyber attack; Microsoft slams government secrecy Reuters Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Dan: At least the tide has turned against Trump. That was a necessary and important beginning. A majority of Americans neither believe him, trust him, nor support him. With each passing week of idiocy from this White House, that power against him grows. It will be a juggernaut that will not be stopped, and Trump will spiral into greater anger, bitterness and loathing toward the majority of America's citizenry. He and his stalwart supporters are an increasing minority, and in time will be swept aside by more rational thinking. It takes a while to straighten out a big ship travelling stormy waters, but it will be righted. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3.8k
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Commentary 11 reasons why Apple and Adobe should fear the new Microsoft Commentary: The mixed-reality capabilities of Microsoft's Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, as well as its recent Windows 10 S debut, make the competition seem very behind the times. Laptops by Lori Grunin May 13, 2017 5:00 AM PDT @LoriGrunin Windows to get new look with Fluent Design System At Microsoft Build, execs show how the company is looking to freshen up the Windows interface with new design tools. 2:20 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF It looks to me like Microsoft has wrestled control of our creative future from Apple and Adobe. When you combine Microsoft's two most recent updates of its Windows 10 operating system -- the first Creators Update and the just-announced Fall Creators Update -- with its aggressive work in mixed-reality and computing-related hardware, it looks like Windows is becoming the go-to platform for creative work and cross-device productivity. Related coverage from Microsoft Build Everything just announced at Microsoft Build iTunes is coming to the Windows 10 Store Microsoft to take on Amazon's Alexa and Google Home I'm not saying "OMG Apple and Adobe are doomed!" Of course I don't believe that. Apple makes those popular phones and tablets you've probably heard of. Plus we don't know what Apple's got up its sleeve for its own WWDC developer conference next month, or what secret projects it may delight us with. And Adobe has diversified significantly, with a huge chunk of its business coming from the tools that let marketers track and drip-market to you as well as analyze the footprints you leave in your travels around the web (Marketing Cloud). That's in addition to the Creative Cloud applications like Photoshop, which most people think is Adobe. Also, it does produce some of the best professional editing tools available. However, while it benefits from improvements in the operating system, it suffers by comparison when Microsoft improves the creative process in ways Adobe should have been doing but probably can't because its users mire the interfaces in the past and the business model puts its tools beyond the reach of the nonprofessional. I'm not saying all these changes are win-win. The data Microsoft's collecting on you -- Microsoft Graph -- is at the core of almost all its recent development activities, and I think Microsoft has just accelerated the demise of your privacy. (I'm looking forward to reading the updated privacy policies.) Microsoft is doing its best to build a walled garden like Apple, just one that encompasses a whole lot more territory. If you can't see the walls, does it matter that they exist? For a lot of people who aren't me, the answer to that is no. But I do see a lot of important ways in which Apple and Adobe have ceded ground to Microsoft, whether intentionally or unintentionally. This time, Microsoft changes the interface Microsoft has a flourishing Xbox platform, which enabled it to bring aspects of game design -- such as the use of light, depth and motion physics -- into the interface tools informing its new Fluent Design System. In other words, you should be seeing easier to use, more engaging interfaces. It's been a while since Apple's interface design moved the needle on a large scale. Apple has to play catch-up All the recent big advances in MacOS are concentrated on desktop-to-mobile cross-platform capabilities like Continuum and Siri, which Microsoft has done its best to emulate in the Fall update. But beyond that, Microsoft is aggressively tackling areas that Apple is publicly ignoring, such as mixed reality (a combination of VR and augmented reality). Windows Mixed Reality developer kits are available for preorder now and are scheduled to ship this summer. Relatively inexpensive headset packages are set to ship in time for the winter holidays, including a new design of motion controllers for interacting with a virtual environment. Even if Apple debuts similar tools at WWDC, there probably won't be hardware and software ready to go any time soon. Microsoft introduces VR motion controllers for Windows 10 Microsoft shows off new VR motion controllers at its Build conference. The new devices will come packed in with Acer's headset for $399 and will be available for the holidays. 2:03 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Pro capabilities are just a memory for Apple Apple abandoned its creative professionals years ago and instead seems to have spent the past few years concentrating on making all its notebooks thinner rather than more powerful or more useful, and trying to convince itself that the iPad Pro would replace them anyway. In contrast, Microsoft has created innovative devices like the Surface Pro to jump-start new hardware designs, supported them with OS-based touch and ink capabilities, encouraged the development of powerful new systems and supported veteran workstation builders like HP. But for Mac Pro devotees who've bemoaned the lack of updates, as well as the impractical design of the 2013 model (of which I have firsthand experience), Apple announced a minor refresh of the desktop system earlier this year and promised more in the future. Pros can't live on promises. Apple only has a pencil Even if you think the Apple Pencil is Michelangelo's stylus, ubiquity is going to win here, especially now that Microsoft has streamlined the way styluses interact with software in the fall update. Yes, the Microsoft Dial isn't an awesome input accessory, but Apple's Touch Bar will likely be underutilized while Microsoft has a billion partners willing to step into the breach and innovate. And because Apple has no support for inking, it has no handwriting-recognition engine, which leaves a hole in its skill set. Apple talks mostly to itself Apple's tools concentrate on making software that links... Apple devices. Microsoft's early failure in the phone business has forced it to embrace development for both iOS and Android, making capabilities like Microsoft's Cloud Clipboard, which theoretically will make it possible to paste from Windows to any device and vice versa. Microsoft debuts Windows Story Remix to edit and organize your photos and videos At Microsoft Build, the company shows a new photo-and-video software tool to better edit, organize and store photos and videos. 3:54 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Microsoft tells the story Given Apple's lack of mixed-reality action, this isn't surprising. Microsoft's Fall Creator Update debuts an application, the rather boringly titled Microsoft Story Remix, that serves to highlight all the new, system-level capabilities available to developers for building the next generation of mixed-reality applications -- which, remember, will work on Windows 10 2-in-1 tablets, not just desktops. Much of Story Remix, um, remixes capabilities we've seen in other products. But it also lets you integrate 3D objects that you can anchor to moving subjects -- you can anchor ink as well -- and to automatically and intelligently revise based on a selection of a different subject to highlight within a composition. It can also incorporate videos and photos shot by friends on their iPhone or Android device. Most of the automation relies on what Microsoft Graph knows about you, including analysis of your photos and videos, to intelligently choose its themes, clips and photos. It can import a couple of standard 3D file formats, as well as take scenes you've created in Paint 3D. As an application, it sounds cool; as an indicator of what you'll be able to do in other applications, it sounds even cooler. And I can't help but wonder if some of this will make it into Microsoft's gaming foundation. I can't tell you how many times I've seen companies attempt to make 3D "easy" and failed. The missing ingredient: operating system support. Microsoft offers developers candy Thanks to Microsoft Graph and Cortana, the company is seemingly giving devs access to a huge amount of data about users and unprecedented ability to market to them directly. For example, when you start reading something on your laptop but don't finish, your phone -- iPhone or Android -- will be able to poke you and ask if you want to continue reading. Cortana just became the cross-platform nag you never knew you wanted. (You give it your phone information in the new Phone settings panel on Windows 10.) But it also gives the site or developer the ability to pop up one of those annoying "Please download our app for a better reading experience!" messages. Provided the app is in the Windows app store, that is. In other words, Microsoft has now made it easier to hound you on whatever platform you're on, even if it's not Windows. I'm sorry; I meant provide a better experience for you. This is candy for software companies. Adobe just looks old in comparison Adobe's current applications are woefully behind on mixed reality; it's 360-degree video editing is sort of blah, its Project Felix 3D model interaction interface is old-fashioned, somewhat difficult to use, works only with stills and -- oh yeah -- it's not meant for you. Microsoft's expanded API will let developers more easily build novel applications with far less user baggage attached to them. Adobe owns the pros now, but it's in danger of losing the pros of the future. Adobe and Apple are out of sync One of the big attractions of Creative Cloud is the actual cloud aspect of it. But Adobe's file syncing implementation for CC is awful. You have to sync everything or nothing, which means sucking up a lot of space on your local drive. Plus there's no way to meaningfully organize your files when you view them online and you can only see files related to the account you're logged into. (And I've tried, but Google Drive's implementation is meh, and juggling multiple accounts and selectively synchronizing are both excessively difficult.) Microsoft's OneDrive updates fix the syncing issues of the others; you can sync selectively, and it will download a file only on the first access. And it's more likely that the people you're sharing files with will be using the same operating system than have access to a pricey Adobe cloud subscription or use the same storage service like Box or Dropbox. As for Apple, iCloud sort of works on Windows if you want to sync files across platforms, but it's really geared toward Apple-happy friends and families on one end and large corporations on the other, with little in the middle. New Microsoft Graph helps connect devices to Android and iPhone Microsoft shows new software at Build that will make it easier for Windows users to connect across devices and cross-share to other platforms like iOS and Android. by Stephen Beacham 4:32 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF Microsoft knows where you've been and takes you back The new Timeline task history, a cross-device-capable card-based list of what you've done recently, lets you quickly jump back to, say, the project you were working on yesterday. That looks like it can streamline a design (or any) workflow immensely, especially if software developers can customize the information that appears on the card and what happens when you click on it. I still think a most frequently used option would be more useful, though. Microsoft wins the kids...and therefore the future Want to teach kids how to code? Apple invented an entirely new language (Swift), while Microsoft embraces existing tools kids already know how to use, like Codebuilder for Minecraft in Windows 10 S. As much as I dislike some aspects of Windows 10 S, as a way to get cheap computers into schools, it's a lot more practical than iPads. Even the conceptual graphics tools Microsoft is delivering are better and cheaper than Adobe's for kids, especially those at underfunded schools. What will Apple bring at WWDC? Naturally, there's still time for Microsoft to blow it. The initial Creators Update removed options (have you tried to disable Windows Defender on Windows 10 Home lately?). And of course, there's the browser-and-Bing lockdown in the newly minted Windows 10 S. Plus, it remains to be seen how Microsoft is planning to use all that Graph data, especially given how easy the government is making it to monetize you. (According to a Microsoft spokesperson, those policies aren't publicly available yet.) But at the very least, Apple is going to have to pull some seriously impressive stuff out of its hat during WWDC to top the good parts of Windows 10. Adobe didn't respond to a request for comment. Apple declined to comment. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Laptops Operating Systems Tablets Desktops Adobe Microsoft CNET Review Microsoft Windows 10 Microsoft has succeeded in building an operating system that's at home on PCs and mobile devices. $121.16 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. May 15 All of the iPhone 8's rumored features brought to life in beautiful concept designs May 15 Tech mattress company hires Woz and springs an iPhone-like ad May 14 Apple acquires AI startup Lattice.io May 13 11 reasons why Apple and Adobe should fear the new Microsoft All Apple Stories More stories Windows 10 Fall Creators Update and everything else at Microsoft Build Microsoft Windows Story Remix headlines Windows 10 Fall Creators Update 6 free apps to install on a new MacBook Best Laptops of 2017 Close   Discuss: 11 reasons why Apple and Adobe should fear... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Google I/O 2017: What to expect CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Music THEHOTLIST.am Listen To Past Playlists Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Listen To Past Playlists Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Siri Smart Speaker Introduction Pegged for WWDC17 Share Tweet It’s Not Over: New Variants Of #WannaCry Are Said To Be Emerging … [UPDATED X7] Deals: ‘Planet Earth: The Complete Collection’ Drops To £17.99 HD iBooks Offers Up Fiction for £1.99 Or Less, (incl. #Rotherweird + More) ‘Amar Pelos Dois’ Hits iTunes #1 Following ESC2017 [LISTEN] Apple Siri Smart Speaker Introduction Pegged for WWDC17 By Arron Hirst 13th May 17 11:35 pm Share Tweet Following Amazon’s announcing of ‘Echo Show’ – a new, premium version of its Echo smart speaker that carries a display, camera, is set to start at $229.99 and expected to see its release, on June 28 – the rumour mill is this weekend responding with claims that Apple may too planning on launching a Siri-powered smart speaker at WWDC, next month. The company’s worldwide developers conference which takes place every June and is usually focused on announcements of products and services targeted at developers, has, in the past, also been home to the introductions of some of Apple’s more notable ‘commercial,’ consumer offerings … … and according to KGI Securities analyst, Ming-Chi Kuo, this year will not only see the Californian firm introduce a new 10.5-inch iPad, but a smart speaker powered by the company’s ever-so-sassy assistant – Siri. “In our April 28 Insight report (“Apple’s first home AI product to see cyclical shipments of over 10mn units; main competitor is Amazon Echo”), we offered estimates for the new home AI/ Siri speaker line,” Kuo said, as the analyst explained that the research firm also believes this new product will “come with a touch panel.” Apple has long been rumoured to be working on a new Siri-powered product, as its once dominate virtual assistant begins to lose ground to the likes of Alexa, Cortana and Google Now … and the addition of a touch interface on the rumored new offering -whilst arguably not needed in a voice-driven environment- could ultimately work to win over already familiar iPhone owners, as iPad sales continue to decline … WWDC17 will take place at San Jose’s McEnery Convention Center from June 5-9. / Image Credit: Source Continue Reading You may also like... It’s Not Over: New Variants Of #WannaCry Are Said To Be Emerging … [UPDATED X7] Deals: ‘Planet Earth: The Complete Collection’ Drops To £17.99 HD iBooks Offers Up Fiction for £1.99 Or Less, (incl. #Rotherweird + More) ‘Amar Pelos Dois’ Hits iTunes #1 Following ESC2017 [LISTEN] Related Topics:Alexa, Apple, Cortana, Dev, Developers, Featured, featured top, Google, Google Now, iOS, iPad, iPhone, June, Ming Chi Kuo, Music, Report, Rumour, Siri, Smart, Software, Speaker, Speculation, SW, Worldwide Developers Conference, WWDC, WWDC17 Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Apple Apple Here’s What You May Have Missed [9/5-11/5] By Arron Hirst12th May 17 4:25 pm With WWDC fast approaching, and rumours of Apple’s next-generation iPhones continuing to swirl, a lot has... Apple Apple Announces Q2, 2017 Earnings Results [PR] By Arron Hirst3rd May 17 1:08 am As expected, Apple on Tuesday revealed its earnings results for the second quarter of FY2017 –... Apple Apple Postpones ‘Carpool Karaoke,’ As Previously Pegged April Launch is Cancelled By Arron Hirst25th Apr 17 1:57 am Those eagerly awaiting the airing of Apple’s first originally filmed show will be hit with disappointment... Apple A Word On The iTunes Affiliate Program … By Arron Hirst24th Apr 17 9:44 pm If you haven’t yet read the post that just went live over on TouchArcade, you probably... Apple Facebook’s Exclusive ‘Mentions’ App Gets Status Update Bug Fix On iPad By Arron Hirst11th Apr 17 12:03 am Okay so you’ve heard of the official Facebook app, and there’s a high chance you’ve now... Apple Apple Reportedly Working On Making #AirPods … Water Resistant? By Arron Hirst10th Apr 17 5:20 pm Publishing details of the patent filing over the the weekend, PatentlyApple claims that the Cupertino company... Apple WSJ: Apple Pay Has (Thus Far) Failed To Make Plastic Obsolete By Arron Hirst5th Apr 17 1:28 pm Citing the payment tehcnology’s original want to “make plastic obsolete,” a new report by The Wall... Apple Now Available: iOS 10.3, macOS 10.12.4, watchOS 3.2 + tvOS 10.2 By Arron Hirst27th Mar 17 6:35 pm Following an extensive beta period lasting just shy of 3 months, Apple has tonight publicly released... Apple Apple Debuts ‘News Preview’ Beta for Publishers By Arron Hirst18th Mar 17 4:02 am As Apple News popularity continues to increase amongst readers of all ages, the company is releasing... #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad Marvel: Color Your Own FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! Fiction: £1.99 or Less HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Bestsellers for £3.99 HD TV Series Under £10 TV Series Under £5 Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Simplees stickers by Normaals $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad Marvel Stickers: Guardians of the Galaxy $1.99 The RAZBlast™ A weekly roundup of what's new, breaking and trending — Coming Summer 2017. Email Address Discovered on MUSIC BUY 19 86ONUKA http://a609.phobos.apple.com/us/r30/Music49/v4/4a/94/33/4a9433a2-bdd4-1953-9cdc-020b5aa908e6/mzaf_4188837764172189328.plus.aac.ep.m4a Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Fifty Shades Darker $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 BUY Hidden Figures $9.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac MNML: Writing, Blogging, and Notes for Medium.com $29.99 More info Mac Cradle of Empires FREE More info Mac The Silent Age $9.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Bought Apple acquires 'dark data' intelligence company Lattice Data By Rene Ritchie Saturday, May 13, 2017 at 8:15 pm EDT 3 Comments Lattice Data, a company that specializes in extracting useful information from unstructured data now belongs to Apple. Ingrid Lunden, reporting for TechCrunch: Apple has picked up Lattice Data, a company that applies an AI enabled inference engine to take unstructured, "dark" data and turn it into structured (and more usable) information. We've heard from a single source that Apple has paid a price of around $200 million. The deal was closed a couple of weeks ago, the source said, and about 20 engineers have joined the larger company. A lot of data analysis in general, and "big data" in specific, has to do with the analysis of structured data: nice, orderly tables all stacked up in neat rows and columns. Unstructured data is everything else. So, almost like sifting for gold once all the easy-to-pluck nuggets have been harvested, extracting value from "dark data" has traditionally been much harder. But now we have artificial intelligence and machine learning. AI and ML have become huge buzzwords in the tech industry since last year, when several prominent companies took to their keynote stages to act like they'd just invented the terms. Apple's been using ML and AI for years in everything from Siri to battery life management. What the company does with "dark data" will be interesting to see. Any guesses? Reader comments Apple acquires 'dark data' intelligence company Lattice Data 3 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating cuttheredwire It will be the beginning of the grand unification search‼️ Search beyond the text itself, understanding context, without devs needing to add APIs. Spotlight and Siri: Spirit (goes well with courage!) 0 1 day ago Reply dejanh Nothing tangible for the next 5 years. After that, who knows. 0 1 day ago Reply cuttheredwire The far more likely answer, sadly. 0 6 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
VOX  CEPR's Policy Portal Research-based policy analysis and commentary from leading economists Create account | Login | Subscribe Search form Columns By Topic By Date By Reads By Tag Video Vox Vox Talks Publications ePubs CEPR Reports People A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Debates Rebooting Europe Secular Stagnation What's the use of economics? Events Workshops & Conferences Courses Discussion Meetings Submit an Event About About Vox Help Subscribe Contact What we can learn from euro-dollar tweets Vahid Gholampour, Eric van Wincoop 15 May 2017 Large numbers of traders share their thoughts about the euro-dollar exchange rate on Twitter. By identifying and classifying opinionated tweets, and constructing a daily measure of sentiment, this column shows that a trading strategy that takes long or short positions based on the forecasts of high-follower accounts provides a Sharpe ratio significantly above that of the carry trade. The methodology could easily be applied to other currencies or portfolios of currencies, as well as other financial markets such as the stock market. a A Related Stock prices and high-frequency news analytics Bastian Von Beschwitz, Donald Keim, Massimo Massa Risk panics: When markets crash for no apparent reason Cédric Tille, Philippe Bacchetta, Eric van Wincoop Research on the microstructure of foreign exchange (FX) has established the importance of private information for the determination of exchange rates. But private information is, by definition, unobservable. In social media, large numbers of people directly express their opinions about the direction of asset prices. Other studies, such as Antweiler and Frank (2004) and Das and Chen (2007), have investigated information content of online messages. In our recent work, we investigate the information content of opinions on one asset price, and ask how profitable trading based on this information would be (Gholampour and van Wincoop 2017). We focus on opinions posted on Twitter, because Twitter is widely used to express opinions about asset prices. Several anecdotal stories suggest that this information can be important. For example, on 13 August 2013, Carl Icahn, an activist investor, tweeted about his large position in Apple. As a result, Apple shares increased in value by more than 4% in a few seconds. We investigate what can be learned from Twitter by considering two and a half years of tweets that expressed opinions about the euro-dollar exchange rate. Our recent research is different to existing studies: The results of other studies are based on regressions of stock price returns on either ‘mood’ states (hope, happy, fear, worry, upset) or an opinion about the direction of stock price changes. At best, there is limited evidence of predictability in most of these studies, which is not surprising because they are based on short data samples. The main difference in our approach was the use of a model to leverage the short sample and learn about the information content of the messages from different moments of data. We developed a dictionary designed specifically to capture the vocabulary that investors use to express their opinion. Related literature uses the Harvard dictionary, which is not structured to classify messages related to the financial markets.    Data-only approaches to investigating the information content of online messages have significant limitations because they apply short data samples to asset prices that are volatile and hard to predict. In addition, opinions about future asset prices expressed through social media are usually directional: positive, negative, and neutral. They do not specify the magnitude of the expected change, or the horizon. The same is the case for our Twitter sentiment about future exchange rate changes. We aim to learn from data on Twitter sentiment and exchange rates through the lens of a model with a precise information structure. This was necessary because, in the absence of a model, the sample is too short to draw conclusions about predictability and Sharpe ratios. We find that the direction of exchange rate changes is predicted by tweets in a way that is statistically significant. This suggests that there was information content in the tweets. But we also find that Twitter sentiment does not predict the magnitude of future exchange rate changes in a statistically significant way. Such predictability would be needed to develop trading strategies from this data. This absence of predictability based on a data-only approach is not surprising, because exchange rates are notoriously hard to predict. Twitter sentiment is only directional, and the data sample covers only two and a half years. The data We use Twitter’s publicly available search tools since 9 October 2013, to download tweets, in real time, every 30 minutes. We start with all Twitter messages that mentioned “EURUSD” in their text and were posted between 9 October 2013 and 11 March 11 2016. Then, several steps are taken to construct a daily Twitter sentiment index (TSI) from the verbal tweets in the data. Opinionated tweets are identified and classified as positive, negative and neutral using a set of word combinations. The word combinations are based on language typically used by traders in the euro-dollar market. A score of +1, -1 and 0 is assigned to positive, negative, and neutral tweets, respectively. Each opinionated tweet is then assigned to a group based on the number of followers of the account that posted the tweet. Tweets posted by accounts with more than 500 followers are placed in an 'informed' group, and those posted by accounts with less than 500 followers are assigned to an 'uninformed' group. The daily TSI of the 'informed' and 'uninformed' groups are the simple average of the numerical score that is associated with opinionated tweets in each group.   Model and estimation The key methodological distinction of our approach is the use of a model, with a precise information structure, to interpret opinions captured by Twitter sentiment. The model we use is an extension of a noisy rational expectation (NRE) model for exchange rate determination developed by Bacchetta and van Wincoop (2006). The model allows us to interpret many aspects of the Twitter sentiment data, such as volatility, disagreement among agents, the relationship with current and future exchange rates, correlation between the sentiment of the informed and uninformed group, and the different information quality of informed and uninformed agents. We make no assumption in the estimation of the model about which group is informed, but the results showed that those with more followers gave higher-quality private signals about future fundamentals of the exchange rate. Since the model provides a good representation of the Twitter data, we use it to compute the Sharpe ratio of a trading strategy that would take daily long/short positions on the exchange rate based on the daily TSI. Sharpe ratio of trading based on TSI Predicting exchange rates is not easy. Meese and Rogoff (1983a, b) showed that the exchange rate is close to a random walk. Engel and West (2005) showed that reasonable estimates of the discount rate of future fundamentals in exchange rate models are a near-random walk. There will always be limited predictability, no matter how good the private information was. In our data sample the Sharpe ratio for the informed is 1.09, but with a large confidence interval of [-0.09, 2.27]. Figure 1 shows the distribution of the Sharpe ratio for both the informed and uninformed group, based on 1,000 simulations of the model over 633 days, using the estimated parameters. It demonstrates why a 633-day sample of data, without any model guidance, tells us little about the Sharpe ratio. The average Sharpe ratio across simulations was 1.68 for the informed group, but there was a large standard error. If the model is correct, the Sharpe ratio in the data for a 633-day sample can be either very large or very small.  Figure 1 Distribution of Sharpe ratio due to small sample variation After we estimate the parameters of the model, we compute the Sharpe ratio by simulating the model over a long sample, instead of just 633 days. The only remaining uncertainty about the magnitude of the Sharpe ratio is associated with the standard errors of the estimated parameters based on the 633-day sample. We are able to estimate the parameters of the model with great precision, translating this into the precision of the corresponding Sharpe ratio. Table 1 shows that the Sharpe ratio for the informed group is, on average, 1.68 with a 95% confidence interval of [1.59, 1.78]. Our model significantly reduces uncertainty about the level of the Sharpe ratio. Table 1 Annualised Sharpe ratio of daily returns in the model The large Sharpe ratios that we find suggest that there are significant gains from trading strategies based on Twitter sentiment. We can compare the Sharpe ratio from the TSI trading strategy to that of the popular currency carry-trade strategy based on interest differentials. Burnside et al. (2010) reported an average annualized Sharpe ratio of 0.44 for 20 currencies against the dollar based on a carry-trade strategy. A Sharpe ratio in the range [1.59, 1.78] is clearly very high by any reasonable standard. The methodology developed here could easily be applied to other currencies or portfolios of currencies, as well as other financial markets such as the stock market. References Antweiler, W and M Z Frank (2004), “Is All that Talk Just Noise? The Information Content of Internet Stock Message Boards,” The Journal of Finance 59 (3), 1259-1294. Bacchetta, P and E van Wincoop (2006), “Can Information Heterogeneity Explain the Exchange Rate Determination Puzzle?” American Economic Review 96(3), 522-576 Burnside, Craig, M Eichenbaum, I Kleshchelski and S Rebelo (2010), “Do Peso Problems Explain the Returns to Carry Trade?” Review of Financial Studies 24(3), 853-891. Das, S R and M Y Chen (2007), “Yahoo! for Amazon: Sentiment Extraction from Small Talk on the Web”, Management Science 53(9), 1375-1388 Engel, C and K D West (2005), “Exchange Rates and Fundamentals”, Journal of Political Economy 113(3), 485-517. Gholampour, V and E van Wincoop (2017), “What Can we Learn from Euro-dollar Tweets?” NBER working paper 23293. Meese, R A and K Rogoff (1983a), “Empirical Exchange Rate Models of the Seventies: Do They Fit Out of Sample?” Journal of International Economics 14, 345-373. Meese, R A and K Rogoff (1983b), “The Out of Sample Failure of Empirical Exchange Models,” in Exchange Rates and International Macroeconomics, edited by Jacob A Frenkel, Chicago: University of Chicago Press (for NBER). a A Topics:  Financial markets Tags:  Sharpe ratio, Twitter, carry trade, FX, Social Media, exchange rate Related Stock prices and high-frequency news analytics Bastian Von Beschwitz, Donald Keim, Massimo Massa Risk panics: When markets crash for no apparent reason Cédric Tille, Philippe Bacchetta, Eric van Wincoop 992 reads Printer-friendly version Vahid Gholampour Assistant Professor of Economics, Bucknell University Eric van Wincoop Robert P. Black Professor of Economics at the University of Virginia Don't Miss Long-term effects of educational tracking Dustmann, Puhani, Schӧnberg Rage against the machines: New technology and violent unrest Caprettini, Voth Trends in US absolute income mobility since 1940 Chetty, Grusky, Hell, Hendren, Manduca, Narang Sleep deprivation and employment Costa-i-Font, Fleche Twenty years on: Is there still a case for Bank of England independence? Balls, Stansbury DSGE Models in the Conduct of Policy: Use as intended Gürkaynak, Tille New eBook: DSGE Models in the Conduct of Policy: Use as intended. Gürkaynak, Tille Exchange rate prediction redux Cheung, Chinn, Garcia Pascual, Zhang Theory and evidence for the last two decades of tariff reductions Caliendo, Feenstra, Romalis, Taylor Robots and jobs: Evidence from the US Acemoglu, Restrepo Online exploration, content choice, and echo chambers Bar-Gill, Gandal Central bank exit strategies: Next steps and new horizons Editors What has bank capital ever done for us? Jordà, Richter, Schularick, Taylor The global corporate saving glut Chen, Karabarbounis, Neiman Smoke pollution and health in the 19th century Hatton The effect of banning junk food advertising Dubois, Griffith, O'Connell Introducing a new Vox series: CEPR Flashbacks: Insights from past reports Editors Economic growth in the US: A tale of two countries Piketty, Saez, Zucman Post-Brexit trade and development policy Baldwin, Collier, Venables Exchange rate implications of border tax adjustment neutrality Buiter New ICMB/CEPR Report: Bail-ins and Bank Resolution in Europe Philippon, Salord The great Chinese inequality turnaround Kanbur, Wang, Zhang The Long Economic and Political Shadow of History, Volume 3 Michalopoulos, Papaioannou Apprenticeship and the rise of Europe de la Croix, Doepke, Mokyr Quo Vadis? Identity, policy and the future of the European Union Beck, Underhill European integration and populism: Addressing Dahrendorf's quandary Buti, Pichelmann Macroprudential stress tests: A new analytical tool Constâncio Globalisation and economic nationalism Colantone, Stanig When the IMF evaluates the IMF Wyplosz The Long Economic and Political Shadow of History, Volume 2 Michalopoulos, Papaioannou New eBook: The Long Economic and Political Shadow of History - Africa and Asia Michalopoulos, Papaioannou Crisis, Credit and Resource Misallocation: Evidence from Europe during the Great Recession Banerjee, Coricelli New eBook: The Long Economic and Political Shadow of History Michalopoulos, Papaioannou US tariffs are an arbitrary and regressive tax Furman, Russ, Shambaugh Public policy in a zero-growth scenario Perotti When behavioural economics meets randomised control trials French, Oreopoulos Globalisation and Brexit Colantone, Stanig Think global, act local Shafik Production fragmentation and the global trade slowdown Timmer, Los, Stehrer, De Vries Unwinding of the pound carry trade Mody New eBook | Long-term Unemployment after the Great Recession: Causes and remedies Bentolila, Jansen The limitations of randomised controlled trials Deaton, Cartwright Know your facts: Poverty numbers Cuesta, Negre, Lakner The fundamental factors behind the Brexit vote Becker, Fetzer, Novy Most Read This Month All TIme Drivers of the post-crisis slump in the Eurozone and the US Kollmann, Pataracchia, Raciborski, Ratto, Roeger, Vogel Ricardo and comparative advantage at 200 Irwin Arguments against basic income are straw men Ravallion Trends in US absolute income mobility since 1940 Chetty, Grusky, Hell, Hendren, Manduca, Narang Brexit, globalisation, and de-industrialisation Tomlinson more A tale of two depressions: What do the new data tell us? February 2010 update Eichengreen, O'Rourke Eurozone breakup would trigger the mother of all financial crises Eichengreen Educated in America: College graduates and high school dropouts Heckman, LaFontaine Panic-driven austerity in the Eurozone and its implications De Grauwe, Ji Debt, deleveraging, and the liquidity trap: A new model Krugman more CEPR Policy Research Discussion Papers Insights Homeownership of immigrants in France: selection effects related to international migration flows Gobillon, Solignac Climate Change and Long-Run Discount Rates: Evidence from Real Estate Giglio, Maggiori, Stroebel, Weber The Permanent Effects of Fiscal Consolidations Summers, Fatás Demographics and the Secular Stagnation Hypothesis in Europe Favero, Galasso QE and the Bank Lending Channel in the United Kingdom Butt, Churm, McMahon, Morotz, Schanz Rebooting the Eurozone: Step 1 – Agreeing a Crisis narrative Baldwin, Beck, Bénassy-Quéré, Blanchard, Corsetti, De Grauwe, den Haan, Giavazzi, Gros, Kalemli-Ozcan, Micossi, Papaioannou, Pesenti, Pissarides , Tabellini, Weder di Mauro A world without the WTO: what’s at stake? Baldwin, Nakatomi The economics of insurance and its borders with general finance Thimann Maturity mismatch stretching: Banking has taken a wrong turn Goodhart, Perotti Fiscal multipliers in downturns and the effects of Eurozone consolidation Gechert, Hughes Hallett, Rannenberg Events 3rd International Conference on Energy & Environment 29 - 30 June 2017 / Rua Dr. Roberto Frias, 4200-464 Porto PORTUGAL / School of Economics and Management, University of Porto (FEP) 6th MoFiR workshop on banking 15 - 16 June 2017 / London / EBRD and Bank of England UNDERSTANDING VOLUNTARY AND FORCED MIGRATION 15 - 15 May 2017 / University of Lille / University of Lille 2017 Annual Meeting of the Central Bank Research Association at the Bank of Canada 20 - 21 July 2017 / Conference Center of the Bank of Canada, Ottawa, Canada / CEBRA & Bank of Canada Warwick Summer School 16 July - 4 August 2017 / London / University of Warwick in collaboration with St Mary's University Subscribe @VoxEU RSS Feeds Weekly Digest
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Clips, a new app from Apple that makes it easy to create expressive videos on iPhone and iPad, is now available as a free download on the App Store. The app provides an all-new way to produce quick, engaging videos to share with friends or family through the Messages app, or on Instagram, Facebook and other social networks. Clips’ simple, single-screen interface lets users make polished, multi-clip videos in minutes without video editing timelines, tracks or complicated tools to learn. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Next PostNext iPad Pro artist illustrates NBA stars Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation The report also highlights the latest information about Apple’s global forestry partnerships. This year, through its partnership with WWF in China, Apple has transitioned approximately 320,000 acres of forest in China toward Forest Stewardship Council certification. This advancement means, in just two years, the company has now reached its goal of protecting and creating enough sustainably managed forests to cover all its packaging needs. Apple’s forestry work is just the beginning of its efforts to conserve the world’s precious resources. The company also announced the ambitious goal of creating a closed loop supply chain, where products are built using only renewable resources or recycled material. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious iPad Pro artist illustrates NBA stars Next PostNext Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Park opens to employees in April “Steve was exhilarated, and inspired, by the California landscape, by its light and its expansiveness. It was his favorite setting for thought. Apple Park captures his spirit uncannily well,” said Laurene Powell Jobs. “He would have flourished, as the people of Apple surely will, on this luminously designed campus.” “Steve invested so much of his energy creating and supporting vital, creative environments. We have approached the design, engineering and making of our new campus with the same enthusiasm and design principles that characterize our products,” said Jony Ive, Apple’s chief design officer. “Connecting extraordinarily advanced buildings with rolling parkland creates a wonderfully open environment for people to create, collaborate and work together. We have been extremely fortunate to be able to work closely, over many years, with the remarkable architectural practice Foster + Partners.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Next PostNext Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition Search Recent Posts Dual Capacity Established for Jason High Precision Ocean Altimetry Mission Metop-A celebrates 10 years in orbit and high impact on weather forecasts International science meeting discusses achievements and prospects for Ocean Altimetry EUMETSAT extends Metop-A lifetime, approves contract, and signs agreements for extracting new environmental products from observations of next generation satellites EUMETSAT and China National Space Administration sign framework agreement RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple This online tool lets you check if your iPhone is stolen Chris Smith BGR News May 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The best way to avoid buying a stolen iPhone is getting it from Apple, an electronics store, or a carrier. But because the iPhone comes with a rather high price tag, some people choose to purchase second-hand iPhone. These are still expensive, but the price is lower than what you’d pay in stores. In many cases, you can score a great iPhone deal, if you know what to look for. But there’s always the risk that seller stole the phone and it’s now looking to flip it. Thankfully, there’s now a simple service that tells you instantly whether the iPhone you want to buy or any other smartphone, has been stolen. Don't Miss: This $22 under-bed LED lighting system is our new favorite thing in the world What’s the worst thing that can happen if you buy a stolen iPhone? Aside from the moral dilemmas, you can end up with a bricked device, or receive an unexpected visit from the owner and/or police. Created the CTIA, the stolenphonechecker.org site will let anyone verify the status of a device. Whether you’re a private customer, a company, or a law enforcement organization, you’ll be able to see whether a device was stolen or not. All you have to do is get the IMEI of a device that you want to purchase, which is a unique identification number. CTIA’s tool will compare the IMEI against multiple source databases, and return an instant result. The IMEI number can be found on the back of some devices, including iPhones. If it’s not there, you have to head to the Settings section of the phone, find the About menu, and retrieve the IMEI. The person selling the smartphone can also offer the IMEI so you can check it online well ahead of an actual meeting. Any resistance to sharing the number might be an indication that the phone was either lost or stolen. Consumers can check up to five devices a day, but law enforcement agencies will get unlimited access. Hopefully, the tool will prevent buyers from purchasing used iPhones that were stolen from their rightful owners, and make it harder for thieves to sell them. Trending right now: OnePlus 5 leak shows specs and price that would make it crazy to buy a Galaxy S8 instead The first trip to Mars will include the longest layover ever Apple’s iPhone 8 will be the most expensive iPhone the world has ever seen See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Businesses brace for Monday as ransomware threat lingers Reuters Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack Associated Press Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Reuters The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists finally have a decent guess as to why Earth exists BGR News
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Project Treble: Google Hopes To Make Android Update Process Smoother With New Initiative Mobile 0 0 0 May 14, 2017 Project Treble: Google Hopes To Make Android Update Process Smoother With New Initiative Lorenzo Tanos For years, Apple device owners have had it much easier than Android phone or tablet users. While new versions of iOS, first and foremost, typically roll out to everyone at the same time, that’s not exactly the case when it comes to Android updates, which roll out on separate dates depending on the device or mobile carrier, and tend to be pushed out in “phases,” meaning some users may get the new software days before others do. This phenomenon of fragmentation has frustrated Android device owners for quite some time, but Google hopes to take some steps to change this with its new initiative, Project Treble. In a blog post shared earlier this week on Google’s official Android Developers site, Project Treble team lead Iliyan Malchev offered a quick advance look at the new project, which is hyped up as being the biggest change to date to the Android operating system’s low-level system architecture. With an infographic explaining how the average Android update is fleshed out before getting rolled out to users, Malchev explained that there are five steps in this process, starting with the release of the update’s open-source code, and ending with the testing, certification, and eventual release of the new software. Perhaps a beginning to the slow process of creating better Android updates https://t.co/W62jQqfg8g — Ars Technica (@arstechnica) May 14, 2017 According to Google’s blog post, Project Treble is a “re-architecting” of the Android operating system as we know it, one that would result in a more affordable, simpler, and faster way for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to roll out new Android updates to their users. Based on how it’s described, Project Treble looks like a potential game-changer and an instant solution to the myriad of update issues Android users have to go through. Thanks to its “stable” vendor interface, OEMs only need to update the Android OS framework without having to get input from silicon manufacturers, should they be ready to roll out an update to device owners. That, as well as the new vendor interface itself, is going to be a byproduct of the project’s main feature — the isolation of device-specific vendor implementation from Android’s framework. However, a report from Ars Technica suggests that Android users shouldn’t set their expectations too high — Project Treble can theoretically make Android updates roll out faster, but there are a lot of variables that could come into play, starting with OEMs tendencies to add their own user interfaces/experiences (UI/UX) on top of stock Android. With companies like Samsung known for changing the entire Android UI and adding their own special software features, it would seem that Project Treble doesn’t reduce the amount of work Android OEMs need to, or would want to do, when it comes to software updates. Companies such as Samsung tend to add a ton of features on top of stock, or vanilla Android software. [Image by Brad Barket/Getty Images for Samsung] There’s also the problem of motivation, as Ars Technica described it. Just how willing would OEMs and carriers be to break the cycle and start rolling out updates sooner, or to make sure everybody gets their updates at the same time instead of the software rolling out in “phases” or “stages”? “OEMs and carriers will still be a roadblock in the way of updates, and they are still free to drag their feet when it comes to updating older models.” Google explained that its partner OEMs tend to take a while when rolling out Android updates for older devices because it is often time-consuming and expensive to do so. This business implication — a “negative effect on companies’ bottom lines,” according to Ars Technica — often results in OEMs taking their sweet time when it comes to new versions of Android. Those hoping to have this new, hopefully smoother Android update process take effect on their existing devices may have to wait, as it still isn’t sure if, when, or how Project Treble will be available on older phones or tablets. Google says Project Treble will be available on all new devices with Google’s upcoming “Android O” platform and beyond, with its architecture found on Android O’s Developer Preview for Pixel phones. [Featured Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Lorenzo Tanos Tags: android, google, Google I/O May 13, 2017 Kourtney Kardashian Birthday Shoot: She Strips Down On ‘KUWTK’ May 13, 2017 ‘Teen Mom OG’ Split: Amber Portwood Dumps Fiancé Matt Baier After He Fails Lie Detector Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Punk Band PWR BTTM’s Album Release Derailed By Lead Singer’s Alleged Sexual Abuse Scandal ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Ask LH: Is Netflix Really Increasing Its Prices On Weekends? How Bad Credit Affects Your Love Life How To Buy Second-Hand Tech Without Getting Ripped Off Focusing On The Value Of Your Time Can Stress You Out Home Why Giant Ice Cubes Are The Only Cubes Your Home Bar Needs The Best Ways To Cook Expensive And Cheap Steaks 3-Ingredient Happy Hour: The Grapefruit Elderflower Mum-osa Will It Sous Vide? Plump And Juicy Duck Breasts Entertainment George R. R. Martin Is Probably Never Going To Finish A Song Of Ice And Fire Watch: Every Music Video From The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest How To Watch The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest In Australia Online And Free How To Turn Your Smartphone Into An (Almost) Nintendo Switch Travel Is It Legal To Drive With Headphones On? How To Choose Between A Backpack And A Suitcase For Travel Waze Now Lets You Record Navigation Instructions In Your Own Voice Find The Best US Cities For Craft Beer And Microbrews With This Tool Health 51 Ways To Lose Weight Don't Believe Anything This Bot Says About Pregnancy Nutrition How To Not Eff Up Your Partner's Mother's Day It's Official: No One Has Sex On Mondays Design Watch Apple's New Video Series On iPhone 7 Photography How To Take Selfies That Don't Look Like Selfies Aldi Is Selling A $499 3D Printer This Weekend Build Your Own Adobe Creative Suite With Free And Cheap Software Work Productivity The Body Is Not A Computer, So Stop Thinking Of It As One 30 Tips To Improve Your Google Searches [Infographic] We're Gianna Toboni And Isobel Yeung, Correspondents For VICE On HBO, And This Is How We Work Talking To Yourself Makes You Smarter, Not Crazy Communicate How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds The MP3 Is Officially Dead Stop Spam Calls Before You Kill Your Phone Google Allo's Selfie Stickers Are Cool, But Don't Get Too Excited Organise Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts 5 Start Ups That Fight Homelessness With Innovation Why We Continue To Use Crappy Old Apps Like Flickr YouTube Roundup: The Best Online Videos Of The Week Career 15 Signs You're Underpaid At Work 'Don't Be A Know-It-All; Be A Learn-It-All' The Artificially Intelligent Factory Robots Are Coming! Ask LH: How Can I Make My Workspace More Inspiring? Business Travel Nvidia Wants To Make All Cars Autonomous Zones Provides Easy Time Zone Conversion On The IPhone Here's The Pricing For Qantas' Direct Flights To London Ask LH: Which Visa Does My UK Girlfriend Need To Work In Australia? Security How To Permanently Delete Files Off Your Hard Drive [Infographic] How To Avoid The WannaCry Ransomware Attack Get Ready For Persirai: Like Mirai But Worse Popular Mac App Developers Issue Urgent Malware Warning Small Business & Startups How To Amazon-Proof Your Business Adopting The Wacky Habits Of Celebrity CEOs Won't Fix Your Work-Life Balance How To Make Business Decisions Like Sir Richard Branson Small Business Wins In Budget 2017 With $20,000 Instant Asset Write-Offs IT Pro Cloud Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Megaport Boosts Trans-Pacific Network Capacity Amazon Announces EC2 Price Cuts How To Access Your Files On Your Mobile Device IT Career IBM's Advice For Hiring Managers Deals: Because Every Job Can Benefit From Project Management Training Age Bias Isn't Just About Older Workers Would You Trade Money To Work From Home? IT Security WannaCry Is What Happens When You Don't Patch Or Update Software WannaCry Ransomware Explained By An Aussie Security Expert Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Abandoned Wordpress Plugins Can Make Your Site Vulnerable Developer Time To Update SourceTree: 'Critical' Vulnerability Found In URI Parsing Windows 10 S, Project Centennial and Developers Optus And World Vision Team Up For Innovation Challenge Deals: Grow Your Programming Skills With This Massive Course Bundle Deployment Review: Synology RT2600ac Router Apple Acquires Lattice Data As Their AI Ambitions Grow Opera Makes Song And Dance About New Features Hands On With The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Servers Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Buy Your Personal Domain Name... Before A Troll Does The Best Add-Ons For Protecting Your Gmail Account Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers 51 Ways To Lose Weight Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds The MP3 Is Officially Dead Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Chris Jager May 15, 2017, 8:30am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts Share You wanted: Apple earning ruminations, home loan deals and Eurovision Song Contest viewing tips. Kick off your Monday by checking out the ten most popular posts from last week. Deals: How Refinancing Could Save Up To $39,000 On Your Home Loan Australian banks have been quietly bumping up interest rates in recent months, tightening the already-strained budgets of many mortgage holders. Alternative home loan options are out there, but many aren’t taking the extra step to switch lenders. Enter Australia's biggest home loan sale event — now underway for 40 hours from 6am Monday May 8. Reduced rates, waived fees, exclusive deals. Here's how to start saving. Hands On With The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 I'm over a month into my project to find a Windows 10 tablet that can replace the iPad Pro I've been using for the last few months. Over the last couple of weeks I've been running with a Surface Pro 4. That includes time on planes, at home, in cafes and on public transport. Microsoft's tablet is meant to be a standard by which other Windows 10 devices are judged. Here's what I thought. What Those Spray Paint Marks On The Street Actually Mean Walking around your city, you might have noticed spray paint markings on the street and footpath. Clearly they're there to mark something, but what? Turns out, construction workers aren't just doodling for fun — those marks are there to protect you. Five Things Apple Could Do WIth Their $250B Bank Balance Last week, during Apple's quarterly earnings call, the company announced they were holding more than US$250B in cash. Here are five things I think Apple should do with their cash (aside from cover my mortgage!). How To Watch The 2017 Eurovision Song Contest In Australia Online And Free Whether you watch it for the music, the costumes or the cheese factor, Eurovision is quality television. Here's everything you need to know about watching the 2017 Eurovision song contest in Australia, including when it starts, how to vote in the competition live and where to watch online for free. Small Business Wins In Budget 2017 With $20,000 Instant Asset Write-Offs If you're a small business owner, the 2017 Federal Budget has one very useful inclusion for you: the continuation of a $20,000 instant asset write-off for equipment expenses. Couch Potato To Wonder Woman: Month Four I've learned more about myself this year than in any other. I've gone from being a couch potato, to a self-starter, to a fully fledged-fitness noob, complete with a month of "failures". Now I'm in month four of Couch Potato to Wonder Woman, I'm finding some balance. How To Run Faster Without Really Trying This weekend, Nike set up an event where they declared three athletes would run the world's fastest marathon. They were amazing athletes, to be sure, but the real news was how Nike controlled every possible condition to give the runners just the tiniest of speed boosts. And some of these are things you can do yourself. The Money Advice I Wish I'd Learned Sooner There's probably a lot of money advice you wish you would have gotten sooner. But for many people it wasn't about when they got the advice, it was more about when they decided to actually take it. The Single Best Type of Exercise For Your Brain, According To Scientists Want an all-natural way to lift your mood, improve your memory, and protect your brain against age-related cognitive decline? Get moving. Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now WannaCry Ransomware Explained By An Aussie Security Expert Logan Booker 15 May 2017 7:00 AM There's been so much noise regarding the "WannaCry" ransomware that it can be difficult to get a straight answer about what it does and how to fix (or avoid) it. Fortunately, Gold Coast-based Microsoft security MVP Troy Hunt has been able to shed some light on the situation for those in the dark. How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds Chris Jager 15 May 2017 11:30 AM Telstra has announced it will start reimbursing customers after failing to deliver on promised NBN speeds. The telco has blamed the different technologies behind the NBN for the inconsistent speeds. Here's how to get your refund. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Get 1TB Of Cloud Storage For Life Deals: Because Every Job Can Benefit From Project Management Training Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Deals: Grow Your Programming Skills With This Massive Course Bundle Trending Articles 1 WannaCry Ransomware Explained By An Aussie Security Expert 2 How To Get A Refund From Telstra For Slow NBN Speeds 3 51 Ways To Lose Weight Robots Are Replacing Auto Workers In China Now Too Some HP Laptops Came With A Keylogger Pre-Installed New Poster Gives A First-ish Look At Okja's Titular Creature Chris Harris Thinks Porsche Spoiled The New Boxster By Making It Better Get Alan Wake Before It Disappears Marvel's Cancelling Black Panther & The Crew, One Of Its Most Important Comics Right Now Metabox Alpha's N850HK: Plenty Of Bang, Not Much Buck Report: Nintendo's Making A Mobile Zelda Game Is It Legal To Drive With Headphones On? Why Giant Ice Cubes Are The Only Cubes Your Home Bar Needs IBM's Advice For Hiring Managers How To Permanently Delete Files Off Your Hard Drive [Infographic] The ANZ Bank says the new levy will mean lower shareholder returns Labour MPs quietly believe the party will lose 120 seats in the general election Brits are going to get much poorer this year AUSTRALIAN STOCKS GO NOWHERE: Here's what you need to know © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Latest News Dow 20,897 -22.81 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,121 +5.27 +0.09% S&P 500 2,391 -3.54 -0.15% 3:04 A.M. ET Crude oil jumps to 2-week high as Saudis, Russia back continued output cuts 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.4% higher at 12,825.42 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,410.12 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,447.77 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 396.32 2:52 A.M. ET Petronas Chemicals net profit more than doubles 2:52 A.M. ET Fevertree sees 2017 results ahead of market views 2:51 A.M. ET Updated 4 tips to protect yourself from becoming a ransomware victim 2:50 A.M. ET Updated With $11 domain purchase, U.K. techie arms for battle vs. ‘WannaCry’ ransomware 2:40 A.M. ET Updated Microsoft slams spy agencies for hoarding hacking tools used in cyber attacks 2:34 A.M. ET Vodacom net profit up on subscriber growth 2:33 A.M. ET Lonmin loss widens on impairment charges 2:18 A.M. ET China's economy slows in April in 'turning point' 2:17 A.M. ET Waymo, Lyft to collaborate on self-driving cars 2:15 A.M. ET WannaCry attack hits Renault, 200,000-plus victims 12:02 A.M. ET Private colleges are offering discounts at historic levels 5/14 Asian markets largely surge ahead despite global risks 5/14 Western Digital seeks arbitration to block Toshiba’s chip-unit sale 5/14 Updated The biggest heavyweight Silicon Valley legal fight of our time is driving forward 5/14 China's economic activity widely slows in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services Apple buys 'dark data' startup Lattice: report By Mike Murphy Published: May 14, 2017 7:35 p.m. ET Share By MikeMurphy Editor Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.40% has acquired Lattice Data Inc., a Silicon Valley company that specializes in machine learning and artificial intelligence, according to a report Saturday by TechCrunch. The deal, which closed a coupe of weeks ago, was worth about $200 million, TechCrunch reported, and about 20 Lattice engineers have been absorbed into the tech giant. Apple issued its typical statement regarding purchases Sunday, saying it "buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans." Lattice was founded in 2015, and uses its technology to turn "dark data," such as raw text and images, into more structured, usable information. Quote References AAPL +2.15 +1.40% Most Popular Bridgewater’s Dalio says the ‘magnitude’ of the next downturn will be epic Mother’s Day Moneyologist: My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — I want my fair share Tech stocks’ three winners, three losers after earnings season 4 tips to protect yourself from becoming a ransomware victim 4 Easy Tips for Shooting Better iPhone Video MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $156.10 +2.15 (+1.40%) Volume 32.0M Open $154.70 High $156.42 Low $154.67 P/E Ratio 18.26 Div Yield 1.61 Market Cap 813.9B
Advertisement Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement THE BLOG The Death Taboo: What's Your Digital Legacy? 14/05/2017 15:27 Tim Snaith Tim Snaith, private client partner at Winckworth Sherwood, is one of eprivateclient’s Top 35 Under 35 outstanding practitioners. littlehenrabi via Getty Images Good news: we are all living longer. Over the past twenty years life expectancy has risen significantly, with the average life expectancy in England now over 80. Bad news: the longer we live, the more data we store electronically and the more thought we should be giving to what might happen to it when we're no longer around. Naturally, some of this data is extremely personal or valuable to us (like photos, contacts, emails and documents). However, unlike the processes that come into effect for our physical assets when we die, the processes and laws surrounding electronic data are much less developed. There is also a significant disconnect developing between how the physical device (say an iPhone, tablet or computer) and the data on it would pass in the event of your death. I wrote about "digital legacies" in a previous article last year (The Death Taboo) and with the help of a colleague of mine, Matt Cowen, we have dug a little deeper into how some of the more well-known online platforms are dealing with our ever growing digital footprint when we die. 1. Data in "the cloud": There are now countless services that offer online storage for your data, allowing instant access via countless devices. Android phones/Google Drive are leading the charge on this front. Google's 'Inactive Account Manager' allows you to select up to ten people to take control of your account if there has been no activity for a set period of time. With a bit of planning then, it should be possible to allow your family or executors to access the files stored. Apple's iCloud policy is not so flexible or developed. A recent addition to their terms and conditions states: "Unless otherwise required by law, you agree that your Account is non-transferable and that any rights to your Apple ID or Content within your Account terminate upon your death. Upon receipt of a copy of a death certificate your Account may be terminated and all Content within your Account deleted." With that said, again Apple treat requests for access on a case by case basis, so it may be possible to obtain access to copy across the data. 2. Streaming Services For streaming services like Spotify or Netflix, the answer is quite simple: as the consumer you do not own any of the content, you just have a licence to use it during your lifetime - so that licence will end on your death and along with it, access to their service. As soon as Spotify or Netflix are told about your death, all songs, films and playlists in that account will be deleted. 3. iTunes iTunes is a slightly different beast to a streaming service. You purchase specific songs, albums and films, crafting a virtual library of digital media. You, like many of my friends, may have spent hundreds, if not thousands, of pounds on building these libraries of music and films. The problem is that whilst iTunes allows you to build these libraries (at significant cost) you are again just buying a right to use that song or film, which expires when you do! The result being that Apple would be perfectly within their rights to delete/block all of the content as soon as they are informed of your death. Happily, there seem to be more and more stories of Apple allowing relatives to gain control of an account in these situations but it is by no means guaranteed. 4. Kindle (and Amazon account) As with iTunes, your e-book library (and Amazon account) is another that will die when you do (or as soon as Amazon are notified of your death). Unlike Apple, I have not come across any similar stories of Amazon agreeing to transfer the library across to another member of the family. Unlike the data on your Kindle, the device itself is yours, so it will pass along with all your other possessions, under the terms of your will (which you should also be thinking about if you do not have one, or have not looked at it for more than seven years!). 5. iPads and iPhones As with a Kindle, the device itself can be passed under the terms of your will, along with the rest of your possessions, but what about the data, contacts and photos that are stored on them but not otherwise backed up? The short answer is that in the absence of you having shared your PIN number with someone else, Apple will not allow you to obtain access to these devices without first wiping them (you may remember that this was the problem faced by the FBI last year). Even if a loved one has been allowed access via a finger print, it seems this is not guaranteed to solve the problem either: most devices require the pin to be entered after restarting. 6. Emails There are too many providers to cover here, but selecting a few: Gmail: the 'Inactive Account Manager' discussed above for Android phones also applies to Gmail, so with a bit of planning there should be no issues here. Yahoo: Yahoo's terms state that no content in the user's email account is transferable, even upon the death of the user. It seems, then, that Yahoo will not provide anyone with passwords/access to your email account if you die. Outlook.com (including Hotmail, Outlook, Windowslive, MSN): like Google, Microsoft have also taken significant steps to smooth the way. They offer a 'Microsoft Next of Kin' process, which allows for the release of all emails (including attachments and address book) on your death. Access is not given to the account directly, instead the data is provided on a DVD. The above only scratches the surface of this subject but, the more it is discussed, hopefully the more your thoughts (and those of the companies involved) will develop to create simple, joined up systems that activate when we die. As Benjamin Franklin put it all those years ago: "in this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes", so armed with the (hopefully unsurprising!) news that we will all expire at some point, the more we can do to plan for it, the easier life will be for those left behind. Tim Snaith is a partner in the private client team at Winckworth Sherwood. He advises high-net worth families and entrepreneurs on their wills, estate planning and probate matters. www.wslaw.co.uk Follow Tim Snaith on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Tim_Snaith More: Death Uk Tech UK Death Digital Media Digital Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK TECH Learn more Newsletter 146 K 17.5 K 22.8 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Advertisement The Death Taboo: What's Your Digital Legacy? CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS 450 litres of illegal liquor seized by excise department in Gaya Dreaded Maoist leader Kundan Pahan surrenders before police in Ranchi Open ATMs only after software update: RBI Unite against killing of Lieutenant Ummer Fayaz, Army chief General Bipin Rawat says After 8 years, Rajinikanth meets his fans 1 killed, 1 injured in Mumbai road mishap On cam: Martyr's family members thrashed in full public view Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 09:51 AM | 15 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,289100.83 NIFTY 50 9,42928.05 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,0084.0 USD/INR 64.07-0.31 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Apple acquires artificial intelligence firm Lattice Data for $200 million By IANS | Updated: May 15, 2017, 01.18 AM IST Post a Comment Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans, Tech-Crunch quoted a company spokesperson as saying. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You SAN FRANCISCO: US tech giant Apple has acquired Lattice Data, a specialist in turning unstructured “dark data” such as text and images into structured data, for nearly $200 million, the media reported on Saturday. Lattice applies an artificial intelligence (AI) enabled inference engine to take unstructured, dark data and turn it into structured (and more usable) information. “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,” Tech-Crunch quoted a company spokesperson as saying. The deal was closed a couple of weeks ago and nearly 20 Lattice engineers have joined Apple. Lattice was founded in 2015 as the commercialisation of DeepDive, a system created at Stanford to “extract value from dark data”. It is unclear who Lattice has been working with, or how Apple would intend to use the technology that can be used for AI, medical research, and more, the report noted. Comments(0)Add Comments Apple acquires artificial intelligence firm Lattice Data for $200 million To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONUSTextLATTICE DATAImagesDark dataApple Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA In conversation with Sundar Pichai State Farm Insurance Her Dress Dropped Jaws At The 2015 Met Gala StyleBistroMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Apple buys artificial intelligence startup Emotient Inc 5 times when Artificial Intelligence went miserably wrong Artificial intelligence won’t overtake humans as of now From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times I Tried Munchery, Here's Why It Beats Other Meal Kits Laundry in Louboutins for Munchery A Story Of Life And Struggle With Psoriasis HealthCentral.com Meryl Streep Sells Her Hollywood Hills Home to A-Rod for $.. Lonny What does a data analytics manager do? Find Your Context Artificial intelligence is coming soon, to a device near you Apple publishes its first paper on artificial intelligenc Askme acquires BestsAtLowest.com for $10 million KPIT acquires auto engineering services firm in Germany Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Income tax department launches facility to correct errors in PAN, Aadhaar Did Manohar Parrikar-led BJP government just survive a coup? Kapil Mishra threatens to ‘drag’ Arvind Kejriwal to Tihar, alleges money laundering Next cyber attack tomorrow, could be unstoppable, warns man who stopped the first strike India's longest bridge to be inaugurated near China border More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebDD vs RCB|RERA Amazon Sale|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Around Town: Modern gadgets provide both issues and advantages Sunday May 14, 2017 at 2:00 PM By Marsha Holden Correspondent You know how some people think they are addicted to their phones? I didn’t think that I was addicted to my computer, but when it crashed for good about ten days ago, I certainly was in toxic shock. I almost couldn’t function. I was not able to check my bank balance, or communicate, or even type my column. Fortunately time was in my favor on that account. My favorite recipes were all hidden and my medical records were unobtainable. I really felt as though I was hog tied. I was really out of whack. So, folks, as I write today this is the first writing I have done on my new MacBook Pro. When my computer decided not to continue life, I spent about 45 minutes on the telephone with Apple support, but none of their telephone recovery efforts helped. So on Monday, I made my way to Apple in Madison to their Genius Bar and presented my case, or rather, my computer. Since it was five years old, not much could be done without sending it off to expensive and drastic repairs. But here is the amazing part: all my many saved documents that I had transferred to a Mac Cloud about a few weeks ago were all saved. I certainly don’t know how they do it, but even though my computer was flat down, by opening my new computer under the same saved name, there they were up in the cloud. All of them. I am still in shock. Last week, we had a family birthday party because my husband’s, my sons’ and my birthday all fall within a week. When my son Dean came from Chicago, he decided to bring Holly, the Cocker Spaniel puppy, for a visit. So as pets go we had Holly, Ellie and Kitty, all who expected to sleep in my bedroom. Ellie is too big for sleepovers, but Holly and Kitty fully expected to be afforded the courtesy. Holly just wants to be friends with Kitty and play, but Kitty thinks that her life is in imminent jeopardy, so here we were at 3 a.m. with Holly in hot pursuit and Kitty hissing and growling. Finally Kitty took refuge in my closet while I had Holly on the leash on my bed. Now it is hard to believe but after all that commotion, with leash in hand, we all did go back to sleep and all remained quiet until 6 a.m. With that I decided that our night was over and it was time to rise and shine. Since then, our nights have been much calmer, but with Kitty locked out of the room. And to all the world's mothers, I shall be thinking of you and wishing you a good day with friends and family. Correspondent Marsha Holden is a Freeport native and a former director of adult services at the Freeport Public Library. She can be reached at mholden2539@yahoo.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Purchase Photos E-Edition Contact Us Gas Prices Submit News Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Cars Rentals Coupons Community Info City of Freeport Stephenson County Carroll County Ogle County Jo Daviess County Sports iHigh IHSA HighSchoolSports.net Sign up for our Daily Deals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Entertainmentlife Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Standard ~ 50 West Douglas Street #900, Freeport, IL 61032 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Public Safety Government Education Nation & World State 815 Columns Shareable Databases Sports Gridiron (Prep Football) Preps College Professional UPICK'EM Auto Racing Entertainment Advice Life Celebrations Columnists TV Guide Calendar Opinion Our View Freeport Chuck Sweeny Guest Columns Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Rebuilding Neighborhoods Season of Giving Freeport Favorites Made in NW Illinois RRV Insider TV Book Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Monday, May 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Aftershocks of Cyberattack May Be Felt, Experts Warn By DAVID E. SANGER, SEWELL CHAN and MARK SCOTT 8:59 PM ET The effects could be magnified as workers return for a new workweek, because many, particularly in Asia, had logged off before the malware began proliferating. President Trump has ordered his homeland security adviser to coordinate a response and help organize the search for who was responsible. China Hit Hard by Hacking Attack as Asia Assesses Damage 2:12 AM ET To Catch Hackers: Old-School Sleuthing With Digital Twist By KATRIN BENNHOLD and MARK SCOTT Cybercrimes, like the recent ransomware attack, require a combination of the most basic old-school detective work and the most complex of modern technology. Russia, a Victim of the Cyberattack, Voices Outrage Small Countries’ New Weapon Against Goliaths: Hacking Protecting Your Digital Life in 8 Easy Steps Trump, National Monuments and the Battle of Bears Ears By JULIE TURKEWITZ Mr. Trump’s move to reconsider the conservation area has thrust southeast Utah back to the front line in the fight over how much control Washington should have over Western lands. On Washington Unity on Sentencing Was Emerging. Then Came Jeff Sessions. By CARL HULSE The attorney general’s call for the toughest penalties possible ran counter to a growing bipartisan view in Washington and many state capitals. MORE IN POLITICS Senators Express Concerns About Trump’s Threat of Taped Conversations 9:07 PM ET Iranians Hold Little Hope That Election Will Lift Fortunes By THOMAS ERDBRINK 12:01 AM ET Few in Iran, where roughly 8 million are unemployed, are optimistic that Friday’s presidential election will help end a cycle of poverty and turn around a dysfunctional economy. Emmanuel Macron Is Inaugurated as France’s President By ALISSA J. RUBIN On Monday, he is expected to travel to Berlin to meet with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, France’s most important ally. The Daily 360 2:09 A Gender Fluid Mother’s Day Logan Jaffe/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. From the Magazine A Gunnison’s prairie dog on the grounds of the Museum of Northern Arizona in Flagstaff. Credit Ronan Donovan for The New York Times Can Prairie Dogs Talk? An Arizona biologist believes that their sounds should be considered language — and that someday we’ll understand what they have to say. By FERRIS JABR  Comments Your Monday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:35 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Smarter Living 9 Suggestions for Movies to Watch With Your Mother By MONICA CASTILLO Whether your mother enjoys weepy dramas like “Steel Magnolias” or intense films like “Aliens,” find the right movie to watch with her this Mother’s Day. Guide How to Meditate By DAVID GELLES Meditation is a simple practice available to all, which can reduce stress, increase calmness and clarity and promote happiness. Learning how to meditate is straightforward, and the benefits can come quickly. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Ordered to Catch a Warlord, Ugandan Troops Are Accused of Hunting Girls As Ugandan forces prepare to withdraw from a mission in Central African Republic, they leave behind troubling reports of sexual abuses. By ZACK BADDORF Lyft and Waymo Will Collaborate on Self-Driving Cars By MIKE ISAAC Uber, the industry leader, will almost certainly feel the pressure of a partnership between the ride-hailing start-up Lyft and Waymo, a unit of Google’s parent company. A Shocking Diagnosis: Breast Implants ‘Gave Me Cancer’ By DENISE GRADY A rare cancer of the immune system, linked to implants, has had devastating effects on women, many of whom had reconstructive surgery after breast cancer. What You Need to Know if You Have Breast Implants On Network TV, Gap Between a Hit and a Dud Is Shrinking By JOHN KOBLIN One conclusion from the 2016-17 season: A show with ratings that once would have prompted cancellation can now be the source of some relief. NBC Hopes to Reclaim Thursdays as ‘Must See TV’ What’s Next for Comey? Probably Not ‘a Normal Job’ By MATTHEW GOLDSTEIN and ALEXANDRA STEVENSON James B. Comey, the fired F.B.I. director, has held positions at a hedge fund and a large corporation, as well as in academia. His next act may call for a big stage. Fired by Trump, Comey Makes an Outing to See a Musical U.S. Firms Want In on China’s Global Spending By KEITH BRADSHER General Electric, Citibank and Honeywell are among the companies angling for potentially big business in China’s “One Belt, One Road” plan, but foreign firms must contend with Chinese rivals. Xi Jinping Positions China at Center of Economic Order On Baseball Derek Jeter, Out of Pinstripes, Can Finally Reflect By TYLER KEPNER 10:51 PM ET The shortstop was famous during his 20-year career for staying in the moment. But as the Yankees retired his No. 2 jersey on Sunday, he could, at last, ponder his place in baseball history. Amid Funding Woes, 500 Students Share One-Room School By KAREN ROUSE Critics say New Jersey has underfunded many school districts, leading to layoffs, overcrowding and even schools that use bookshelves and whiteboards in lieu of walls for classrooms. More News Ex-M.L.B. Umpire Steve Palermo Dies; Shooting Ended Career North Korea Says Missile It Tested Can Carry Nuclear Warhead Merkel’s Party Scores Big Win in Key German State Election Pricey ‘King Arthur’ Flops in First Weekend Irreplaceable Plant Specimens an ‘Obscene’ Loss After Being Incinerated in Quarantine Flub A shipment of specimens from France to Australia included samples that were more than 200 years old and rich in scientific value. How Australia Bungled Its $36 Billion High-Speed Internet Rollout Its businesses and consumers burdened with some of the developed world’s slowest speeds, the country is a cautionary tale about big-money ambitions. Australia’s Leftward Turn Economic growth has unleashed two trends that tilt an electorate to the left: booming cities and mass migration. Jewish Delicacies Beguile the German Capital Young Jews have been emigrating to Berlin, and their traditional foods, reimagined or not, are a hit on the flourishing foodie scene. Shooting Style, With a Focus on Headwear The photographer Amy Arbus said she was inspired by the “crazy number of pussycat hats” at the Women’s March. Bizarre Case of ‘Mommy Dead and Dearest’ This HBO documentary looks at Dee Dee Blanchard’s death, a case in which her daughter and her boyfriend became suspects, our critic writes. Sunday Review What a TV Series Tells Us About Erdogan’s Turkey By WILLIAM ARMSTRONG A tale of medieval warfare against Christians captures the mood in Turkey. Editorial: The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior Bruni: Trump à la Mode Douthat: Predictable Trump Dowd: A Trump-Comey Chat Kristof: Is President Trump Obstructing Justice? ‘How Worried Should I Be?’ What We’re Losing in Comey Drinking Fanta With Islamist Militants A Syrian Family in America For Liberals, Is It Time to Move to Norway? By LEE SIEGEL We always fantasize about moving abroad to avoid Republican presidents. Under Trump, it’s different. Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions Bill Clinton Didn’t Want His New York Times Crossword to Be Boring Times Journalists Use Words, Photos, Graphics and Video. And Now, a Comic Strip Times Insider » Bill Clinton Didn’t Want His New York Times Crossword to Be Boring The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Travel Mastering Machu Picchu, Cheaply and Quickly Sunday Review ‘How Worried Should I Be?’ If you study autocracy for a living, there’s one thing everyone wants to know. N.Y. / Region Far Rockaway: City, Sea and Wilderness T Magazine Beautifully Flawed Work of Emerging Ceramists Sunday Review Grandbabies: The Great Reward for Aging Times Insider Kids Take Over The Times Music Love, and Intrigue, Among the Flowers Opinion The Census and Right-Wing Hysteria Predictions about the end of the white majority are misleading. Art & Design An Elizabeth Taylor Gem? Cue the Turmoil Theater A Musical That’s Both Cult and Classic Opinion For Liberals, Is It Time to Move to Norway? Times Insider Taking Pictures While Climbing a Mountain Sections World » North Korea Launches a Missile, Its First Test After an Election in the South Emmanuel Macron Is Inaugurated as France’s President Cyberattack Aftershock Feared as U.S. Warns of Its Complexity Business Day » Lyft and Waymo Reach Deal to Collaborate on Self-Driving Cars U.S. Firms Want In on China’s Global ‘One Belt, One Road’ Spending Advertising: A Network Ad Wrangler Undaunted by Facebook and Google Opinion » Opinion: For Liberals, Is It Time to Move to Norway? Editorial: The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior Frank Bruni: Donald Trump à la Mode U.S. » Battle Over Bears Ears Heats Up as Trump Rethinks Its Monument Status A Shocking Diagnosis: Breast Implants ‘Gave Me Cancer’ Demonstrators in Virginia March in Support of a Confederate Symbol Technology » Education Disrupted: How Google Took Over the Classroom Hacking Attack Has Security Experts Scrambling to Contain Fallout Uber Has a Union of Sorts, but Faces Doubts on Its Autonomy Arts » Would Fees at the Met Deter Visitors? Pricey ‘King Arthur’ Is a Box Office Pauper Critic's Notebook: Venice Notebook: A Feast at the Biennale and Beyond Politics » G.O.P. Senators, Pulling Away From Trump, Have ‘a Lot Less Fear of Him’ Senators Voice Concerns About Trump’s Threat of Taped Conversations On Washington: Unity Was Emerging on Sentencing. Then Came Jeff Sessions. Fashion & Style » Table for Three: Sheryl Sandberg and Elizabeth Alexander on Love, Loss and What Comes Next The Look: Amy Arbus Returns to Shooting Style, This Time Focusing on Headwear Where, Oh Where, Has My Little Dog Gone? Refresh Your Feeds Movies » Pricey ‘King Arthur’ Is a Box Office Pauper Charlie Hunnam: Pushy When It Counts (Picky, Too) Oren Moverman: An Actor’s Director, Almost by Accident New York » 500 Students in a One-Room School: Fallout of New Jersey’s Funding Woes Police Officer Who Manhandled Tennis Star James Blake Avoids Trial For Cuomo’s Free-Tuition Plan, Lessons From Tennessee Sports » On Baseball: Derek Jeter, Out of Pinstripes and in Monument Park, Can Finally Reflect On Pro Basketball: After Steve Kerr’s Halftime Speech, the Warriors Rally Past the Spurs Si Woo Kim, 21, Claims the Players Championship Theater » Fired by Trump, James Comey Makes an Outing to See a Musical Paula Vogel to Host Free Playwriting Workshop Tony Awards: The Hats That Crowned Broadway Science » NASA Denies Trump’s Request to Send Astronauts Past the Moon on New Rocket Trilobites: A Gene Mystery: How Are Rats With No Y Chromosome Born Male? Rare White Wolf Killed in Yellowstone Park Was Shot Illegally Obituaries » Yale Lary, a Force on the Detroit Lions’ Title-Winning Teams of the 1950s, Dies at 86 Henry Chung, Who Helped Bring Hunan’s Flavors to America, Dies at 98 Nicholas Sand, Chemist Who Sought to Bring LSD to the World, Dies at 75 Television » Review: The Bizarre Case of ‘Mommy Dead and Dearest’ Melissa McCarthy Plays an Angst-Ridden Sean Spicer on ‘Saturday Night Live’ On Network TV, the Gap Between a Hit and a Dud Is Shrinking Health » A Shocking Diagnosis: Breast Implants ‘Gave Me Cancer’ What You Need to Know if You Have Breast Implants Global Health: Candidate to Lead the W.H.O. Accused of Covering Up Epidemics Travel » The Bloomsbury Bohemians in the British Countryside 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Detroit Where to Go Now: Suddenly Intrigued by Scandals and Spies? Here’s What to See Books » Q. & A.: Tell Us 5 Things About Your Book: Rafe Bartholomew on Growing Up at McSorley’s Nonfiction: Patrick Buchanan Reveals Himself to Be the First Trumpist Nonficton: William F. Buckley and the Odyssey of Conservatism Education » Education Disrupted: How Google Took Over the Classroom For Cuomo’s Free-Tuition Plan, Lessons From Tennessee 500 Students in a One-Room School: Fallout of New Jersey’s Funding Woes Food » City Kitchen: A Green That Does More Than Garnish A Good Appetite: Crab, Meet Sugar Snap Peas Los Angeles Restaurant Scene Is on the Move and Mixing It Up Sunday Review » On Campus: U Can’t Talk to Ur Professor Like This Editorial: The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior Frank Bruni: Donald Trump à la Mode Real Estate » Homes Built for Healing Renters: From Homeless Shelter to Her First Apartment What's Selling Now: Homes That Sold for Around $1.5 Million The Upshot » If Americans Can Find North Korea on a Map, They’re More Likely to Prefer Diplomacy Mother’s Pay: The Gender Pay Gap Is Largely Because of Motherhood Economic Trends: What the Tea Leaves Tell Us About Trump’s Trade Agenda Magazine » Feature: Is an Open Marriage a Happier Marriage? Feature: How Homeownership Became the Engine of American Inequality Feature: Can Prairie Dogs Talk? Automobiles » Wheels: Discounted Cars Benefit Buyers, but May Spell Trouble for Industry Driven: Video Review: A Competition Puts S.U.V.s Through Their Paces A Robot Revolution, This Time in China T Magazine » Profile in Style: The Technicolor World of Anna Sui Some Things T Editors Are Really Into Right Now Making It: The Beautifully Flawed Work of Emerging Ceramists Times Insider » How I Got the Shot: Point, Shoot, Belay: Snapping Pictures While Hanging From an Ice-Covered Mountain Kids Take Over The Times ‘A Mother Simply Cannot Win’ Real Estate » 360 View Condo Tower to Rise Where Muslim Community Center Was Proposed By RONDA KAYSEN The developer who had proposed a Muslim community center and mosque near the World Trade Center instead opts for condos and a small Muslim museum. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology ARM revenues jump as SoftBank prepares tech fund launch Annual revenues increased 22pc Credit: Bloomberg James Titcomb 14 May 2017 • 7:13pm The British microchip giant ARM Holdings has reported record sales in the first set of annual figures since its controversial £24bn sale to Japan’s SoftBank last year. Revenues at the Cambridge-based group increased by 22pc to £1.27bn in the 12 months to the end of March, results published on ARM’s website showed last week. A quarter of the company is set to be spun into SoftBank’s £75bn Vision Fund, a London-based technology fund that is expected to be announced as early as this week. The fund, whose backers include Apple, Qualcomm and Saudi Arabia’s sovereign wealth fund, is due to be finalised in the coming days. ARM was Britain’s biggest listed technology company before SoftBank agreed to buy the company in July, shortly after the Brexit vote. Opponents of the deal said that the Japanese tech giant was capitalising on the pound’s fall after the EU referendum and the sale deserved to be scrutinised by the Government. ARM’s microchip designs are used in almost every smartphone and tablet computer, including Apple’s iPhone and iPad, as well as wearable technology, connected cars and “internet of things” devices. ARM was sold to SoftBank last year Credit: AFP Earlier this year it said that 100bn chips using its designs had been made. SoftBank’s chief executive, Masayoshi Son, said this would rise to one trillion chips over the next 20 years. The company’s results showed adjusted earnings, a measure of profitability, increasing by 7pc to £604m. The accounts reveal ARM is investing heavily in research and development and hiring new staff. Total employee numbers rose from 4,064 to 4,852, with the number in the UK up from 1,609 to 1,937. R&D costs were up by more than half to £349m. To smooth over last year’s deal, SoftBank promised it would double the number of ARM employees over five years, both in the UK and overall, and said the base would remain in the UK. ARM has been focusing on boosting its standing in markets such as connected cars as the smartphone market saturates. It said 17.7bn chips using its technology were made last year, up from 15.1bn the year before, with sales also boosted by the weak pound. Last week, SoftBank announced that it had led a $502m (£390m) investment in Improbable, a British tech start-up dedicated to building simulations of the real world. The deal made Improbable one of a handful of private UK tech companies valued at $1bn or more. Share this article Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Science & Tech Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Follow on Pinterest Related Topics ARM Holdings Japan Wearables Tablets Show more Technology latest 15 May 2017, 7:58am Comment: It's time to smarten up our act in the fight against cybercrime Juliet Samuel Premium 15 May 2017, 7:42am How to protect yourself from ransomware 01:33 15 May 2017, 7:42am What is WannaCry and how does ransomware work? 15 May 2017, 7:34am Live NHS cyber attack latest: Authorities warn of day of chaos as ransomware threat spreads 15 May 2017, 6:00am Comment: The dotcom bubble? this time it really is different Tom Stevenson Premium 15 May 2017, 5:53am Japan and China wake up to global 'ransomware' cyberattack while Microsoft slams US government  15 May 2017, 5:01am Google promises stricter control over advertising network 14 May 2017, 5:44pm Comment: SoftBank's Masayoshi Son is the type of investor British tech needs James Titcomb Premium 01:33 14 May 2017, 5:26pm Cyber attack: ransomware explained 13 May 2017, 6:36am Taiwan on alert amid fears it could be hit with second wave of global cyber attack 13 May 2017, 5:45am Cyber attack crisis 'isn't over': Warning from researcher who found ransomware 'kill switch' 12 May 2017, 9:16pm Comment: We are too fragile and hackers know it Allister Heath Premium 12 May 2017, 7:38pm Royal Mail subsidiary admits gig economy worker is entitled to holiday pay 12 May 2017, 5:02pm Comment: Hacking the NHS is easy - ransomware is freely available on the dark net Jamie Bartlett Premium Gallery 12 May 2017, 3:03pm Gallery: The biggest technology flops in history 12 May 2017, 12:28pm Facebook U-turns on banning abortion page after claims it was stifling human rights 12 May 2017, 12:00pm The best laptop deals for May 2017 Gallery 12 May 2017, 11:19am Gallery: Graduate jobs: top 12 degree subjects for getting a job 12 May 2017, 10:00am HP issues urgent security update after laptops found to secretly save what users type Gallery 12 May 2017, 8:27am Gallery: When did you last memorise a phone number? 13 skills that are dying out because of modern technology  11 May 2017, 11:32pm SoftBank leads $500m investment in British startup Improbable Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple MacBook Territory: iPhone 8 Could Cost $1,100 Mark Spoonauer Editor in Chief Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) May 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Will the iPhone 8 cost as much as a MacBook? That's the type of sticker shock you should expect, according to new analyst predictions. iPhone 8 concept. Credit: Gabor Balogh iPhone 8 concept. Credit: Gabor BaloghMore Based on multiple iPhone 8 rumors, there's no question that Apple's 10th-anniversary phone will command a premium. Some of the expected features include an edge-to-edge OLED display, wireless charging and dual cameras with 3D sensors, which could enable a whole new breed of augmented reality applications. The iPhone 8 will probably also be the fastest phone on earth, thanks to its A11 processor, which reportedly entered production this week. If the alleged first benchmarks are to be believed, Apple's new flagship will smoke the Galaxy S8. MORE: iPhone 8 May Come with This Surprise Freebie But how much should shoppers expect to pay for all of this? We hope you're sitting down. According to MacRumors, Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski says the iPhone will start at $999. That's for the the 128GB model, which will apparently be the baseline storage option. Those who want even more room would pay $1,099 for the 256GB model. For those scoring at home, that would be between the price of the $999 MacBook Air and $1,299 12-inch MacBook. Keep in mind that rumors also point to Tim Cook & Co. debuting a lower-cost iPhone 7s and 7s Plus this fall, so you won't be Apple Taxed out of an upgrade. Those phones will likely get the same A11 chip and wireless charging, but not the radical redesign of the top-of-the-line new iPhone. This isn't the first time we've heard a $1,000 iPhone 8 rumor. Back in February, Fast Company reported a similar price range, while also predicting that Apple's flagship wouldn't sport any buttons at all. Some predict the iPhone 8 will embed the Touch ID sensor in the screen, while others say it will find a home on the back. The Galaxy S8 starts at $750 and the Galaxy S8 Plus $850, so if this rumor proves true, the iPhone 8 will cost at least $150 more than Samsung's best. However, the Galaxy Note 8--which is expected to sport dual cameras, an S Pen and other premium goodies--could wind up in the same ballpark as the iPhone 8. See also : The Most Amazing iPhone 8 Concepts The iPhone 8 We've Been Waiting for Looks Like This 29 Hidden iOS 10 Features You Need to Try Best iOS Games - Top Rated Games by Category Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Businesses brace for Monday as ransomware threat lingers Reuters Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack Associated Press Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Reuters The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists finally have a decent guess as to why Earth exists BGR News
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow MB Vans Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Notes to My Younger Self Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Tip Sheet The Playbook Founders Forum Peak Performance Women Who Lead Notes to My Younger Self World's Coolest Offices How I Did It Lift Inc. Tested Drinks With… Origin Stories Inc. Live Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. INNOVATE Retail Isn't Dead, But It Does Need To Adapt Rumors of its demise have been greatly exaggerated By Greg Satell Greg Satell is a popular writer, speaker, and innovation adviser. Previously, he served as senior vice president of strategy and innovation at Moxie Interactive, a division of Publicis Groupe, one of the world’s leading marketing services organizations, as well as co-CEO of KP Media, a leading publisher of magazines and websites in Ukraine, including the news magazine Korrespondent and the web portal Bigmir. You can find Greg's blog at DigitalTonto.com. His first book, Mapping Innovation, will be published by McGraw-Hill in May. @Digitaltonto Author, Mapping Innovation@Digitaltonto WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement It seems like there has never been a worse time for retail. Sears looks doomed. Many other large retailers, including J.C. Penney and Macy's are closing stores and even fashionable boutiques like BCBG Max Azria are filing for bankruptcy. CNN reports that store closings this year are already outpacing 2008, the worst year on record. Yet look a little broader and things don't look so bad. Apple's stores have been a hit and a number of digital companies, like Amazon, Warby Parker and Bonobos have been opening brick and mortar locations. Sure, e-commerce is growing, but the Census Bureau estimates that it still accounts for less than 10% of total retail. As Darrell Rigby explained in an article in Harvard Business Review, every 50 years retail goes through a major disruption. The rise of urban centers led to department stores. Automobiles created suburbs and shopping malls. Then category killers and discount stores challenged that status quo. Today, retail is in the process of being reinvented once again. The Consumer Context Clearly, over the last century retail has changed a lot, but if you analyze the trends, success comes down to three factors: Convenience, spontaneity and experience. Department stores brought everything under one roof, malls catered to suburban shoppers with cars and now digital commerce enables people to make a purchase while waiting for their dry cleaning. Each of these formats then needed to be made not only functional, but immersive. Department stores invested in elaborate displays. Malls created food courts, playgrounds for kids and held events. Online shops learned to measure the effect of every pixel and button. Today, retailers need to adapt to the current context. Melissa Gonzalez, CEO of The Lionesque Group and author of The Pop Up Paradigm, told me, "A shopping experience used to be an event centered around the store, but with the rise of digital commerce that's no longer true. Today, retailers need to think about how they can operate within the consumer's context, whether that be in store, online or in a pop-up environment." So the key to survival has less to do with mindless debates about "digital vs. brick and mortar" than it does about putting customers at the center and building out operations that can service them effectively. Embracing The Customer Mindset Traditionally, the core purpose of a store was to drive transactions. People shopped primarily to buy stuff. That's why so much of the floorplan, labor and customer interaction tended to be centered around the cash register and metrics like sales per square foot and average transaction size were used to measure success. Today though, customers often go to a store to browse, get advice and then make a purchase online. This trend, called "showrooming" is often cited as a factor in the decline of brick and mortar stores. Retailers investing in physical locations and paying for rent, utilities and staff get killed every time someone walks into a store and then searches for better prices on their phone. When customers can make a purchase from anywhere, retailers need to switch their focus to giving customers what they really want. "Don't fight showrooming, embrace it," says Gonzalez and she points to Bonobos Guide Shops and J. Hilburn's "The Studio" as a model. There, customers can get fitted, consult a stylist and process returns just like in a standard store. However, there is a crucial difference. You can't actually take a purchase home. These are "shoppable showrooms" that don't stock inventory, but provide the experience and service that customers want. That allows for smaller stores and big savings on the rent and labor expenses it takes to manage transactions. Creating The Experience When so many customers prefer to make purchases online, the old metrics focused on in-store sales clearly no longer suffice. Today, retailers need to measure and improve the in-store experience and there is a wide array of technologies that can help. For instance, Gonzalez recommends that the fashion retailers she works with use RFID tags to track products on the floor. That can help retailers learn whether customers are simply not showing any interest in a particular item or whether it being taken to the dressing room and then discarded. These data trends can be investigated further by talking to floor staff and a strategy to improve sales can be devised. She also sees great results from sensors within the store that can be used to generate heat maps to improve the store layout. Are people stopping by a display and not making a purchase or is it simply not getting noticed? Touchscreens can also be used to investigate what information customers most want to know about a product. Finally, a variety of strategies, such as in-store and curbside pickup can be used in physical stores that can support online sales. Another option is to use a service like Postmates to facilitate same day delivery from store locations. In the end, it's all about optimizing the experience, regardless of where the transaction actually takes place. Dealing With Disruption In The Innovator's Dilemma, Harvard professor Clayton Christensen explains that when new technologies reshape the marketplace, customer needs shift and there is a change in the basis of competition. The response of market leaders is, all too often, to try to increase efficiency and get better and better at things people care about less and less. That's how you get disrupted. You essentially become a square-peg business in a round-hole world. Clearly, this is what most retailers are facing today. They act as if they are still operating in an environment where the function of a physical store is to drive transactions, rather than to provide an immersive physical experience, build personal relationships and upsell. The good news is that the opportunities are endless. Apparel retailers can become style guides. Toy stores can become playrooms. Electronic retailers can demo the newest gadgets and help even the most tech averse customers adopt technology that will enrich their lives. The best part is that these strategies can also reduce inventory and rental costs while at the same time expand reach to smaller urban locations and pop up shops. So the rumors of retail's demise has been greatly exaggerated. Retail isn't dead. It just needs to be reinvented once again. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: May 14, 2017 Advertisement
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Reddit This online tool lets you check if your iPhone is stolen Chris Smith @chris_writes May 14th, 2017 at 12:00 PM Share Tweet The best way to avoid buying a stolen iPhone is getting it from Apple, an electronics store, or a carrier. But because the iPhone comes with a rather high price tag, some people choose to purchase second-hand iPhone. These are still expensive, but the price is lower than what you’d pay in stores. In many cases, you can score a great iPhone deal, if you know what to look for. But there’s always the risk that seller stole the phone and it’s now looking to flip it. Thankfully, there’s now a simple service that tells you instantly whether the iPhone you want to buy or any other smartphone, has been stolen. Don't Miss: This $22 under-bed LED lighting system is our new favorite thing in the world What’s the worst thing that can happen if you buy a stolen iPhone? Aside from the moral dilemmas, you can end up with a bricked device, or receive an unexpected visit from the owner and/or police. Created the CTIA, the stolenphonechecker.org site will let anyone verify the status of a device. Whether you’re a private customer, a company, or a law enforcement organization, you’ll be able to see whether a device was stolen or not. All you have to do is get the IMEI of a device that you want to purchase, which is a unique identification number. CTIA’s tool will compare the IMEI against multiple source databases, and return an instant result. The IMEI number can be found on the back of some devices, including iPhones. If it’s not there, you have to head to the Settings section of the phone, find the About menu, and retrieve the IMEI. The person selling the smartphone can also offer the IMEI so you can check it online well ahead of an actual meeting. Any resistance to sharing the number might be an indication that the phone was either lost or stolen. Consumers can check up to five devices a day, but law enforcement agencies will get unlimited access. Hopefully, the tool will prevent buyers from purchasing used iPhones that were stolen from their rightful owners, and make it harder for thieves to sell them. Tags: Apple, CTIA, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Tech OnePlus 5 leak shows specs and price that would make it crazy to buy a Galaxy S8 instead 2 Tech The first trip to Mars will include the longest layover ever 3 Tech Introducing the most absurd virtual reality headset of them all 4 Entertainment 14 new movie trailers you need to watch from this past week 5 Deals AirPods have drop-in charging, and the AirPods case can too with this $14 accessory Picked For You Reliable leaker claims to reveal iPhone 8 launch timing, and it’s not what we’re expecting By Zach Epstein May 11th at 9:59 AM Apple’s iPhone 8 will be the most expensive iPhone the world has ever seen By Yoni Heisler May 12th at 11:46 AM Apple may introduce new Siri speaker and edgeless 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC By Yoni Heisler May 13th at 5:35 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss The 12-Inch MacBook Might Finally Be A Serious Laptop This 2017, Claims Apple Analyst Gadgets 2 0 0 May 14, 2017 The 12-Inch MacBook Might Finally Be A Serious Laptop This 2017, Claims Apple Analyst Simon Alvarez The 12-inch MacBook is arguably Apple’s most polarizing device in years. An ultrathin laptop that is full of compromises, the sleek machine traded power and usability over form and design. Even with the release of the 2016 MacBook, which featured a processor bump, numerous serious laptop users shunned the device over its lack of horsepower and massive limitations. Fortunately for the 12-inch machine, it appears that the ultraportable would finally be a serious productivity machine when its latest iteration gets released this year. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who is one of the tech industry’s most reliable sources for Apple leaks and updates, has stated that the 12-inch MacBook would feature numerous updates this 2017, as stated in a MacRumors report. According to the analyst, Apple would equip the 12-inch device with an Intel Kaby Lake M-class processor, which would give the laptop a significant boost in speed. While the Intel Core M processor is inferior to the top-tier i-Class chips that are rumored for the 2017 MacBook Pro, the processors would nonetheless give this year’s 12-inch MacBook a lot more power than its predecessor. Apart from a Kaby Lake processor, Kuo also stated that the 12-inch MacBook 2017 would be fitted with 16GB of RAM, a notable improvement over the 8GB of memory that is featured in the current iteration of the machine, according to a CultofMac report. With a Core M Kaby Lake chip and 16GB of RAM, the 12-inch MacBook 2017 would most likely be able to initiate and complete tasks extremely well. Even tasks such as video editing, which were notably difficult in the 2016 MacBook, would most probably be feasible with the upcoming device. Apple's 12-inch MacBook $300 off plus open-box deals from $880 https://t.co/qFbyt1zEqt pic.twitter.com/qi2UmGMzlp — 9to5Toys (@9to5toys) May 3, 2017 While most rumors about Apple laptops for 2017 are centered on the MacBook Pro, there have also been many notable speculations emerging about the upcoming 12-inch MacBook. Among these is the inclusion of an improved Force Touch trackpad that would be compatible with the Apple Pencil, as well as the possible debut of an LTE version of the ultraportable laptop. Other colors are also speculated to be debuting with the 12-inch MacBook 2017, such as a Jet Black or red option. The frame of the ultraportable machine, however, is speculated to be the same as the 2015 and 2016 variants. Other rumors have also suggested that the 2017 MacBook would come with a larger, 13-inch variant. The specs of this larger unit are speculated to be comparable to the 12-inch version, though its battery life is rumored to be superior. Of course, these speculations have not been confirmed by leaks or any official announcements from the Cupertino-based tech giant. Thus, these predictions must be taken with a notable grain of salt. Setup: by @tiffwang_ ???? #apple #macbook #iphone #clean #amazing #awesome #photo #photography #tech #workspace #mini… https://t.co/G92A0upBDI pic.twitter.com/aFsyLFSmRw — 1PIXEL GEEK (@onepixelgeek) May 8, 2017 What has been predicted by Kuo, however, is the possible production and release date of the upcoming device. According to the noted Apple analyst, the 12-inch MacBook 2017 would start its mass production early in the second quarter of the year. Thus, while unconfirmed, there is a good chance that the 2017 MacBook is already being mass-produced. If this is indeed the case, there is a good chance that the device would be unveiled to the public sometime around June, when the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2 is speculated to be revealed. Kuo has stated that the shipments of MacBooks would be far more efficient this year, especially as it appears that Apple has already ironed out its alleged production problems. If this is indeed the case, the 12-inch MacBook 2017 would be available sooner than initially expected. Pricing for the 12-inch MacBook 2017 has not been announced or leaked as of date, though rumors are high that the upcoming machine would be priced at a similar price point as its predecessor. [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: 12-inch MacBook 2017, Apple, macbook May 14, 2017 ’13 Reasons Why’ Star Katherine Langford Responds To Backlash May 14, 2017 Miss USA Pageant Host Julianne Hough Shares Her Secret For Avoiding Wardrobe Malfunctions Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Punk Band PWR BTTM’s Album Release Derailed By Lead Singer’s Alleged Sexual Abuse Scandal ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Accessories Image Source: Jose Sanchez/AP/REX/Shutterstock AirPods have drop-in charging, and the AirPods case can too with this $14 accessory Maren Estrada May 14th, 2017 at 10:30 AM Share Tweet Apple’s new AirPods are cool for so many reasons. The fact that they’re truly wireless is the most obvious one, but there’s an awesome feature of the AirPods’ design that most people don’t ever think about. The AirPods don’t feature wireless charging, but they do support drop-in charging thanks to the exposed charging contacts at the bottom of each AirPod stem. It’s a very smart design, and you can actually do something similar with the AirPods case itself. Instead of fumbling with a Lightning cable, pick up a Spigen Compact Airpods Stand, which lets you simply place your AirPods case on top to charge it up. Here are some highlights from the product page: Conveniently docks and keeps your AirPods charged with an opening for the lightning cable Features a Nanotac base to ensure a non-slip experience Thermoplastic Polyurethane (TPU) exterior with Polycarbonate (PC) interior keeps the charging case extra durable and scratch-free in everyday use Compatible only with Spigen / Apple Authentic Original Lightning Cable (Not Included) Patent Pending Spigen Compact Airpods Stand Charging Case Dock for Airpods [Compatible with Spigen / Apple Aut… $13.99 Available from Amazon BGR may receive a commission Buy Now Follow @BGRDeals on Twitter to keep up with the latest and greatest deals we find around the web. BGR Deals content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and BGR may receive a commission on purchases made through our posts. Tags: BGR Deals View Comments Trending 1 Tech OnePlus 5 leak shows specs and price that would make it crazy to buy a Galaxy S8 instead 2 Tech The first trip to Mars will include the longest layover ever 3 Tech Introducing the most absurd virtual reality headset of them all 4 Entertainment 14 new movie trailers you need to watch from this past week 5 Deals AirPods have drop-in charging, and the AirPods case can too with this $14 accessory Picked For You Apple may introduce new Siri speaker and edgeless 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC By Yoni Heisler May 13th at 5:35 PM The first trip to Mars will include the longest layover ever By Chris Smith May 14th at 9:00 AM Google Pixel 2 concept suggests Google will double down on a key Pixel feature By Chris Smith May 11th at 8:46 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Little Kitten is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Apple Acquires Lattice Dark Data Company for $200 Million Nike Releases New iPhone Cases With Air Force 1 and Roshe Outsole Patterns Apple Posts New 'How to Shoot on iPhone 7' Video Series [Watch] You Can Now Develop, Build, Deploy, and Debug iOS Apps on a Windows 10 PC, No Mac Needed [Video] Anker Speakers and Earbuds on Sale Up to 72% Off [Deal] Shazam App Updated With Fresh Look and Feel Apple Awards Corning Its First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment Goldman Sachs Expects iPhone 8 to Cost $1000 The Future of Microsoft Design [Video] iTunes is Coming to the Windows Store by the End of the Year Apple to Announce Amazon Prime Video App for Apple TV at WWDC [Report] LG Innotek to Supply Facial Recognition Camera for iPhone 8? TSMC Begins Chip Production for the iPhone 8 [Report] Electronic Arts Soft Launches 'The Sims Mobile' in Brazil [Video] SoundHound Now Connects to Apple Music Turner Launches Complete Redesign of TBS and TNT Streaming Apps Little Kitten is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 16 hours ago by iClarified · 3098 views · Translate Apple has selected Little Kitten as its free 'App of the Week'. Little Kitten is every child's dream - a cheeky, funny and adorable little pet. Take a ride on the airplane, shoot some hoops, play hide & seek and bed trampoline or get creative with paw painting - you can always have a great time with your best kitten friend! Explore the kittens world and discover cute animations, laugh with and care for your sweet furry pal. The unique game-design encourages children to explore the room with minimal use of icons or menus. The 6 mini-games offer a wide variety of interactions and are designed so they appeal to a wide age range. The philosophy is not about winning, losing or competition, it's about having fun in a child friendly environment and learning without even realizing it! Features: 1) Kitten Hide&Seek - encourages focus and attention. 2) Paw Painting - creativity unleashed! Mix red, yellow, blue to get every imaginable color - your child will learn realistic paint mixing, then come up with your own master piece using a paw print or a standard brush. 3) Mouse & Cheese - Memorize where the zones are to sneak mouse past little kitten over to the cheese. Or just have some laughs seeing what happens when little kitten catches the mouse! 4) Bed Trampoline - Discover all little kitten's hidden tricks and moves! 5) Animal Puzzle - Mix and match funny animal combinations to earn biscuits that you can then feed to your little kitten. 6) Feeding - Each time you play a mini-game you receive cat food snacks, children love feeding little kitten and watching it licking it's lips and purr after a good feed! 7) Cat-in-the-box educational mini game You can download Little Kitten from the App Store for free. Download Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters Search for: Google Pixel 2 Leak Reveals A Powerful Android O Handset By Darren Wall on May 14, 2017 8:55 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip Up until the release of the Pixel and Pixel XL, Google’s smartphones, although competent devices, where never a match for Samsung and Apple flagships. However, with the launch of the search giant’s branded handsets came a new era. One that saw it try to take back the Android mantle. As such an array of successors is on the horizon, with one, the Google Pixel 2 ‘Taimen’ leaking via benchmark results. Here’s what we know. Image Source: Google Store (screenshot) Google Pixel 2 Taimen Test Leak Before you continue to read, it is worth noting that, there has been no official announcement by Google. Yes, many rumors are doing the rounds about the handset codenames Muskie, Walleye, and Taimen, but we know nothing for certain. As such, please take the following information with a pinch of salt! Recently, a device with the name Taimen appeared on the database of the popular mobile benchmarking outfit Geekbench. To some, this provided the much-needed proof that there will be not two, but three Google Pixel 2 handsets. Now, you may be thinking to yourself, “This is nothing new,”, however, we beg to differ. Becuase this time the information was spotted on the Primate Labs website, in the form of Geekbench 4 test results database. The Test Results Right now, there’s no doubt that the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are the most powerful Android handsets we’ve ever seen. However, these two devices are available now, while there’s no information available about a Google Pixel 2 launch. As for the test leak results, it shows, that yet again, the search giant, is working on at least one incredibly powerful device. How does it compare to the S8’s? If accurate the results show that it’s in line with the Samsung’s flagships especially in single core CPU testing. It’s worth noting at this point that both devices use Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 chipset. Although, it is also interesting to note that this is probably a Google Pixel 2 prototype, so its performance may not be up to scratch. As for how it compared to other on sale and rumored to have been tested Android handsets. Here’s how its test leak results looked against those of the Galaxy S8, Sony Xperia XZ Premium, and One Plus 5. All of which use or are rumored to use the Snapdragon 835. Google Taimen: Single Core: 1804 | Multi Core: 6284 Galaxy S8: Single Core: 1929 | Multi Core: 6084 Xperia XZ Premium: Single Core: 1943 | Multi Core: 5824 OnePlus 5: Single Core: 1963 | Multi Core: 6687 So, what do the above figures tell you about the Google pixel 2 Taimen? It shows that for single core testing it lagged behind its competitors, however, not enough to cause concern. Additionally, there’s the multi-core results, which show the handset pulling in respectable scores against everything, but the OnePlus 5. Taimen Specs Running Android O According to the specs being reported by those who claim to know, the Google Pixel 2 Taimen, will sport the Snapdragon 835. Which will run at 1.9Ghz and be supported by 4GB of RAM. As for storage, 64, 128, and 256GB options are possible, however, will an SD card slot be available? No one has given any indication yet, but, as last year’s handsets did not have one, maybe it’s a no. Regarding the OS, the tested version was running Android O, so it’s likely this will come installed out of the box. Again, this is an assumption; we will bring you confirmation on this and other details as we discover them. How Much? Last year’s Pixels entered the market as Google’s only devices, as such they were both premium devices. Both had base 32GB models with prices starting at $649 and 769 respectively. As such, any rumors which suggest the Google Pixel 2 and it’s siblings could cost less, are likely false. While we do not have a definite price guide for what could be a three Google handset lineup this year. It is almost inevitable that consumers will be asked to pay more. Rumors are suggested $699 for the base model and as much as $800 for a Google Pixel 2 XL. As for the third, Pixel 2 XXL, maybe $900+? Release Date Late last month reports surfaced which suggested Google was already testing it’s 2017 flagships. This news sparked rumors which spread like wildfire, suggesting a handset launch was closer than people thought. Now, the rumor mill is predicting a Google I/O announcement, with details of the handset shared at the event. Will that happen? Who knows, however, it is more likely that October is again the month of choice. In doing so, an announcement can be made, and the launch takes place before Christmas. That would be perfect for taking advantage of holiday sales. Although, the last year’s handset availability issues must be averted this time around. Tags: Google Pixel 2 Taimen Test Leak Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk Warren Buffett’s Financial Advice to Students Financial Services Is Industry Most at Risk for a Mega-Cyberattack: AIG Survey Steve Sjuggerud, “This Is Not What The Peak Of A Bull Market Looks Like” Book Interview: WSJ Guide To The 50 Economic Indicators That Really Matter Copyright © 2016 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Amazon (AMZN) to Bring Prime Video to Apple TV? Zacks Equity Research Zacks May 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN is reportedly looking to offer Amazon Prime Video app on Apple's AAPL Apple TV. There are rumors that Apple will make an official announcement at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on Jun 5 in San Jose, CA. Prime’s video app is expected to go live on Apple TV later this summer. If rumors are to be believed, Amazon and Apple have settled their ongoing differences over the “acceptable business terms” that Jeff Bezos had mentioned in a conference last summer, when he was asked why Amazon was not selling Apple TV. Notably, Amazon stopped selling Apple TV boxes in 2015 citing the absence of Prime Video service on Apple TV that could have disappointed customers. But now it appears that the two camps have decided to live in harmony as far as their video efforts are concerned. There are speculations that Amazon might resume selling Apple TV boxes. Factors Leading to the Possible Settlement of Issues Though the reasons behind the apparent reconciliation are not clear, it appears that Apple is now desperate to wipe off the biggest drag on sales of Apple TV. As far as Amazon is concerned, it is always looking to diversify its offerings for Prime members. The company’s current focus is on building video content, primarily for Prime subscribers as the growth prospects in that market are considerable. Coupled with this, the presence of Prime Video on Apple TV could get more people to Prime and generate increased sales for Amazon. Amazon.com, Inc. Net Income (TTM) View photos Amazon.com, Inc. Net Income (TTM) | Amazon.com, Inc. Quote We note that year to date Amazon stock has underperformed the Zacks Internet Commerce industry over the last one year. Its share price has appreciated 27.4% compared with the industry’s gain of 31.4%. View photos Despite this underperformance, we believe there are a lot of factors that could turn the wheel in favor of Amazon such as Prime expansion, its grocery initiatives and efforts around AWS. The company capitalizes largely on its execution strength, robust performance and technological prowess. Zacks Rank and Stocks to Consider Currently, Amazon is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock. Better-ranked stocks in the broader technology sector include Marchex, Inc. MCHX and Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. MPWR, each carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Read More Long-term expected earnings per share growth rates for Marchex and Monolithic Power are 15% and 17%, respectively. Sell These Stocks. Now. Just released, today's 220 Zacks Rank #5 Strong Sells demand urgent attention. If any are lurking in your portfolio or Watch List, they should be removed immediately. These are sinister companies because many appear to be sound investments. However, from 1988 through 2016, stocks from our Strong Sell list have actually performed 6X worse than the S&P 500.  See today's Zacks "Strong Sells" absolutely free >>. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report   Marchex, Inc. (MCHX): Free Stock Analysis Report   Apple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report   Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next How Amazon May Secretly Be Using Stealth Robots to Really Kill Everyone Else Online The Street Here's the Simplest Reason Ever Why Apple Won't Spend More Than $50 Billion to Buy Tesla The Street iPad Pro 2: 5 Expected Features International Business Times Apple reportedly acquired an AI startup focused on 'dark data' for $200 million Business Insider iPhone 8 Leak 'Confirms' Apple's Expensive Secret Forbes GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance Snap Could Now Be One of the Most Hated Companies on All of Wall Street The Street The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC Trump Won't Like What General Electric Is Now Doing to Workers, But Investors Should Be Thrilled The Street Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Tech Stocks from Briefing.com Briefing.com May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Tech Stocks from Briefing.comMore This week's action wound to a close on a split affair on Friday. By all accounts, the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite was the best performer today, adding 5.27 points (+0.09%) at the close to 6121.23. The S&P 500, by contrast, was the worst performing major index, declining about 3.54 points (-0.15%) to 2390.90, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average shed about 22.81 points (-0.11%) to 20896.61. In all, this week's moves take the three major US indices to +13.7%, +6.8% and +5.7% YTD, respectively. Among economic data today, the total CPI reading rose 0.2% in April while core CPI, which excludes food and energy, increased 0.1%. On a year-over-year basis, total CPI is up 2.2% and core CPI has increased 1.9%. April retail sales increased 0.4%, while the prior month's reading was revised higher to 0.1% from -0.3%. Excluding autos, retail sales rose 0.3%. The prior month's reading was revised higher to 0.3% from 0.2%. Business Inventories rose 0.2% in March while the prior month's reading was revised to 0.2% from 0.3%. Lastly, the preliminary reading of the University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index for May rose to 97.7 from 97.0 in April. The Technology (XLK 55.56, +0.14 +0.25%) space was among the select few S&P sectors which managed to escape Friday with gains. Component Broadcom (AVGO 235.90, +4.81 +2.08%) was the best performer in the space today after an announcement that Brocade's (BRCD 12.66, +0.03 +0.24%) acquisition by AVGO was cleared by the EU, subject to conditions. Then, rebounding off yesterday's weak session, the US Telecom space led all other S&P sectors higher today IYZ +1.63% followed by XLU +0.49%, XLY -0.14%, XLV -0.17%, XLB -0.25%, XLP -0.29%, XLE -0.34%, XLRE -0.38%, XLF -0.42%, XLI -0.55%. In the S&P 500 Information Technology (951.57, +3.01 +0.32%) space, trading ended the week on a high note. Component Apple (AAPL 156.10, +2.15 +1.40%) again closed at all-time highs, edging above the $155 level for the first time ever. Other names in the space which outperformed today included CRM +1.52%, STX +1.32%, QCOM +1.17%, QRVO +1.16%, NVDA +1.10%, TDC +1.05%, GLW +0.90%, ADP +0.74%, V +0.68%. Other notable news items among sector components: Mitel Networks (MITL 6.53, +0.16 +2.51%) signed a memorandum of understanding to transfer certain assets and support obligations, including existing inventory, from Toshiba (TOSBF 2.21, -0.02 -0.90%) to Mitel. The deal is expected to be immediately accretive. Expedia (EXPE 139.81, -0.05 -0.04%) will acquire a majority stake in rail technology company SilverRail. In addition to reporting quarterly results, CyberArk (CYBR 48.29, -6.86 -12.44%) acquired privately-held Conjur, Inc., a Newton, Mass.-based provider of DevOps security software for $42 million in cash. Apple (AAPL 156.10, +2.15 +1.40%) announced Corning (GLW 29.06, +0.26 +0.90%) will receive $200 million from Apple's new Advanced Manufacturing Fund. Gannett (GCI 7.79, -0.23 -2.87%) announced a partnership with Snapchat (SNAP 19.14, +1.09 +6.04%). Netflix (NFLX 160.81, +2.27 +1.43%) announced 400 new jobs in Europe and two new European original series. Universal Display's (OLED 114.20, +0.60 +0.53%) Adesis Inc., purchased its New Castle, Delaware building. Frontier Communications (FTR 1.21, +0.01 +0.83%) announced that Chris Levendos, former head of the Network Deployment and Operations organization at Google (GOOGL 955.14, -0.75 -0.08%) Fiber, will join the company as Executive Vice President, Field Operations. FTR also announced a 1:15 reverse split; shares to begin trading ex-split on July 10, 2017. According to Bloomberg, GlobalStar (GSAT 2.29, +0.38 +19.90%) may be exploring a sale. Brocade (BRCD 12.66, +0.03 +0.24%) acquisition by Broadcom (AVGO 235.90, +4.81 +2.08%) was cleared by the EU, subject to conditions. Spotify is planning a direct listing on the NYSE for either late 2017 or early 2018, according to CNBC. In reaction to quarterly results: CA Tech (CA 31.60, -0.43 -1.36%) reported better than expected Q4 EPS and revenues of $0.54 and $1.01 billion, respectively. For FY18, the company sees EPS between $2.35-2.40 and revenues in the range of $4.12-4.17 billion, both below market expectations. CyberArk (CYBR) reported better than expected Q1 EPS and revenues of $0.28 and $59.04 million, respectively. For Q2, the company sees EPS and revenues below market expectations at $0.23-0.25 and $61-62 million, respectively. For FY17, the company sees EPS of $1.18-1.22 and revenues between $268.5-271.5 million. The Trade Desk (TTD 51.90, +12.01 +30.11%) reported better than expected Q1 EPS and revenues of $0.18 and $53.4 million, respectively. For Q2, the company sees revenues ahead of market expectations at $67 million. Additionally, for FY17, TTD raised revenue guidance to at least $291 million from $270 million. Upland Software (UPLD 21.26, +0.02 +0.09%) reported Q1 adjusted earnings of $0.16 and revenues of $20.75 million. Uni-Pixel (UNXL 0.44, -0.09 -17.74%) reported a worse than expected Q1 loss of $0.15 per share on worse than expected revenues of $1.3 million. Companies scheduled to report quarterly results Monday morning: DGLY, FENG, SPNS, TRVG Analyst actions: TTD was upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Cantor Fitzgerald, FLEX was upgraded to Buy from Hold at Craig Hallum, TRIP was upgraded to Long-term Buy from Neutral at Hilliard Lyons; CYBR was downgraded to Underperform from Buy at BofA/Merrill, to In-Line from Outperform at Imperial Capital and to Hold from Buy at Summit Redstone, CSLT was downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley, EA was downgraded to Neutral from Long-term Buy at Hilliard Lyons, CHT was downgraded to Sell from Buy at UBS, HIMX was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Lake Street, INPX was downgraded to Neutral from Buy at B. Riley & Co., TEF was downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Barclays, UNXL was downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Roth Capital; PAYC and ULTI were initiated with Outperform ratings at Wells Fargo, CSOD and PCTY were initiated with Market Perform ratings at Wells Fargo Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance Apple reportedly acquired an AI startup focused on 'dark data' for $200 million Business Insider The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Reuters Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video REVEALED: The hedge funds who bought Snap Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett says if you want steady reliable returns, this instrument 'makes the most sense' CNBC Secretary of State Rex Tillerson: I Won’t ‘Compromise My Own Values’ for Trump Fortune In Wisconsin, ID law proved insurmountable for many voters Associated Press More disruptions feared from cyber attack; Microsoft slams government secrecy Reuters Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Skip to section navigation Skip to page content Objective Analysis. Effective Solutions. Toggle Menu Site-wide navigation About RAND RAND at a Glance Vision History and Mission Leadership Organizational Structure Contacts Locations Quality Standards Educational Opportunities Employment Support RAND Press Room Events Research Policy Focus Children and Families Education and the Arts Energy and Environment Health and Health Care Infrastructure and Transportation International Affairs Law and Business National Security Population and Aging Public Safety Science and Technology Terrorism and Homeland Security Trending Topics North Korea Health Insurance International Diplomacy Information Security The Islamic State (Terrorist Organization) Adolescent Health Immigrants and Emigrants Corrections All Topics Browse Reports Research Programs Homeland Security Operational Analysis Center RAND Army Research Division RAND Australia RAND Education RAND Europe RAND Health RAND Justice, Infrastructure, and Environment RAND Labor and Population RAND National Security Research Division RAND Project AIR FORCE All Programs Featured Research Activities RAND International Center for Asia Pacific Policy Center for Global Risk and Security Center for Middle East Public Policy Center for Russia and Eurasia RAND Gulf States Policy Institute Research Departments Latest Insights Reports Iranian Domestic Issues Could Challenge the Nuclear Deal Lessons from Russia's Operations in Ukraine Blog Posts Using Wearable Fitness Devices to Monitor More Than Just Fitness Macron's Fractious France Multimedia Direction of Foreign Policy in Trump Administration's First 100 Days Media Conference Call on the North Korea Crisis Policy Experts All Experts Spotlight Christopher S. Chivvis @CChivvis Commentary: Macron's Fractious France Lillian Ablon @LilyAblon Commentary: How to Protect Hospitals and Patients from Ransomware By Policy Focus Children and Families Education and the Arts Energy and Environment Health and Health Care Infrastructure and Transportation International Affairs Law and Business National Security Population and Aging Public Safety Science and Technology Terrorism and Homeland Security Capabilities Drawing upon decades of experience, RAND provides research services, systematic analysis, and innovative thinking to a global clientele that includes government agencies, foundations, and private-sector firms. Capabilities Overview RAND Solutions Who We Work For Public Sector Philanthropic Sector Private Sector Work with Us Explore Business Contacts About RAND Research Disciplinary Expertise Methods Centers Quality Standards Featured Solutions Assessing and Articulating the Wider Benefits of Research Managing Escalation in Crisis and War Methods Centers RAND Center for Causal Inference RAND Center for Scalable Computing and Analysis Graduate School The Pardee RAND Graduate School (PRGS.edu) is the largest public policy Ph.D. program in the nation and the only program based at an independent public policy research organization—the RAND Corporation. About PRGS Admissions Academics and Degree Program Students Faculty Featured Video on PRGS.edu Overview: Pardee RAND Graduate School Student Spotlight Balys Gintautas Assistant Policy Researcher; Ph.D. Candidate, Pardee RAND Graduate School Steven S. Davenport Assistant Policy Researcher; Ph.D. Candidate, Pardee RAND Graduate School About 中文(简体) العربية Sign In Sign out Cart Toggle Search Site-wide SearchSearch RAND > The RAND Blog > The RAND Blog commentary (Scientific American) May 14, 2017 Using Wearable Fitness Devices to Monitor More Than Just Fitness Photo by leolintang/Getty Images by Douglas Yeung and Astrid Cevallos Fitness trackers and other wearable devices provide quantifiable information that helps users increase physical activity, engage in friendly competition and improve fitness. But simply having access to information is not the same as knowing what it means or what to do with it—and the market for these gadgets is slumping. Many of these devices, such as Fitbits or Apple Watches, seem geared to appeal to the young, healthy and affluent consumer who can easily afford expensive smartphones or other gadgets. As research suggests, they also happen to be the least likely to be obese or to have high cholesterol—the kinds of health problems that fitness trackers try to address by motivating consumers to be more active or eat healthier. If the appeal of wearables is, well, wearing off—and data from wearables is not helping people meaningfully change their health behaviors—part of the problem may be the narrow set of health-related concerns that personal health wearables tend to emphasize. Manufacturers could help reinvigorate the market for personal health devices by targeting a larger, broader community of users that could directly benefit from the information. Devices that are designed specifically for users who require consistent updates on their personal health data—such as heart rate, blood oxygen levels, or blood glucose levels—may encourage more consistent use. Research from the Pew Foundation has shown that nearly half of adults have one or more chronic health problems like diabetes, hearing loss or heart disease. And those with one chronic health problem are twice as likely to monitor their personal health data as those without such health problems. Education, employment, and neighborhood environment affect individual and community health and well-being more than individual health behaviors alone. One challenge to building a bigger market is that personal health depends less on personal fitness habits than commonly believed. Recent research suggests that community-wide factors—such as education, employment and neighborhood environment—affect individual and community health and well-being more so than individual health behaviors alone, such as exercising or healthy eating. Across the United States, where someone lives and how much they earn is strongly related to life expectancy. Instead of continuing to focus narrowly on health and fitness, makers of these devices should consider seeking creative ways to incorporate other measures of health and well-being into them. Miniature motion sensors, cameras, barometers, and sophisticated algorithms that recognize voices, faces or landmarks—all of which are already available on smartphones and wearable devices—might be used to gauge a neighborhood's air quality, the amount of green space, how safe it is, the presence of public art, or the level of social connectedness. Air Louisville, an innovative community partnership program that began in 2012, takes this approach. The program gives out free sensors to attach to asthma inhalers, which track when and where people in Louisville, Kentucky, experience asthma symptoms and take medication to deal with them. The result is real-time air quality information that city leaders could use to make data-driven decisions about how to try to improve air quality. As of last fall, Air Louisville had collected data from 97,000 inhaler uses by 1,100 residents diagnosed with asthma. By connecting inhaler use to weather, pollution or traffic conditions, the city could target certain areas for such specific interventions as introducing congestion pricing (to cut down on the number of vehicles on the road) or rearranging noise barriers on city streets (the barricades have been shown to spread air pollutants). Trackers focused on well-being also could complement similar citizen science efforts by helping members of the public who are already collecting information about the well-being of their community. During the contaminated water crisis that began in 2014 in Flint, Michigan, residents sounded the alarm and eventually collaborated with researchers to help figure out what was going on. Volunteers knocked on doors in Flint to collect samples of tap water in homes, initially collecting about 270 samples. But when they returned to see whether conditions had improved, many of the residents had moved away, unintentionally thwarting the data collection and analysis. Smart devices might have prevented that. Because they can repeatedly sample community conditions like air or water quality, or monitor health conditions (such as lead levels in blood), wearables can reveal trends and help pinpoint when changes occur. If trackers being worn across the community had been able to connect the dots, the polluted water might have been detected much earlier, possibly preempting the full-blown crisis. Wearables offer potential benefits far beyond monitoring heart rate or counting the number of steps walked. Wearables offer potential benefits far beyond monitoring heart rate or counting the number of steps walked. Wearable data could be combined with other health indicators present in nontraditional data (like social media content) or traditional data (like that gleaned from the U.S. Census or clinical and public health systems). Manufacturers could look for opportunities to ease the constant burden of self-monitoring for those with chronic diseases or disabilities and to partner with policymakers, who increasingly recognize the potential in digital health data. City governments have used social media information to improve food safety, monitor outbreaks of the Ebola virus and disrupt illegal drug distribution. In a major drive to use technology to reduce patient deaths, England's National Health Service has made devices and apps available for free to millions to help them manage conditions such as diabetes and heart disease. Although their popularity may be in flux, personal health apps and wearables are likely here to stay. Those designed to help people who will actually benefit from them most will have the potential to help people function more effectively in the world, inform data-collection for public health—and improve community well-being. Douglas Yeung is a behavioral scientist at the nonprofit, nonpartisan RAND Corporation and on the faculty of the Pardee RAND Graduate School. Astrid Stuth Cevallos is a policy analyst at RAND. This commentary originally appeared on Scientific American on May 11, 2017. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Authors Douglas Yeung @DouglasCYeung Behavioral and Social Scientist; Faculty Member, Pardee RAND Graduate School Topics Asthma Community Health Emerging Technologies Environmental Quality Neighborhood Influences On Health Physical Exercise Related Resources Journal Article The Power of Place: Social Network Characteristics, Perceived Neighborhood Features, and Psychological Distress Among African Americans in the Historic Hill District in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Nov 1, 2016 Karen Rocío Flórez, Madhumita Ghosh Dastidar, et al. Journal Article Smartphone Applications for Mental Health Aug 24, 2016 Ana Radovic, Pamela Vona, et al. Research Brief Can Technology Make Schools Safer? Aug 22, 2016 Heather L. Schwartz, Rajeev Ramchand @RRamchand, et al. Previous Blog PostMacron's Fractious France Save to My RAND Email Print Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn About The RAND Corporation is a research organization that develops solutions to public policy challenges to help make communities throughout the world safer and more secure, healthier and more prosperous. RAND is nonprofit, nonpartisan, and committed to the public interest. Vision Leadership Quality Standards Career Opportunities Santa Monica, CA Washington, DC Pittsburgh, PA New Orleans, LA Boston, MA San Francisco, CA Cambridge, UK Brussels, BE Canberra, AU Connect Contact Us Contact Us Locations I am interested in Jobs at RAND Media Resources Congressional Resources Doing Business with RAND Supporting RAND Educational Opportunities Alumni Association Follow RAND Corporation on Facebook RAND Corporation on Twitter RAND Corporation on LinkedIn RAND Corporation on YouTube RAND Corporation on Google Plus RAND Corporation RSS Feeds RAND Corporation mobile applications Stay Informed Subscribe to the weekly Policy Currents newsletter to receive updates on the issues that matter most. Subscribe View all email newsletters Resources Multimedia Latest Reports Browse by Author RAND Classics Databases and Tools Site Information Site Map PRIVACY POLICY Support Policy Feedback Help 1776 Main Street Santa Monica, California 90401-3208 RAND® is a registered trademark. Copyright © 1994-2017 RAND Corporation.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Surface Laptop Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Project Scorpio VPN News New iPad and Siri speaker again tipped to appear at WWDC in June New iPad and Siri speaker again tipped to appear at WWDC in June By David Nield Tablets   And AI is also on the menu Shares KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, a man with a better-than-average record at predicting which way Apple will go in the market, is confident that we'll see both the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro and the long-rumored Siri speaker unveiled at WWDC this June. As 9to5Mac reports, Ming-Chi Kuo puts the chances of the iPad showing up at 70 percent, and the chances of Apple's Echo competitor appearing at 50 percent, so tailor your expectations accordingly. The claim does fit in with earlier rumors we've heard about both the tablet and the speaker. WWDC, or the Worldwide Developers Conference, runs from June 5 to June 9 this year. The annual developer shindig is traditionally used to show off advancements in macOS, iOS, tvOS and watchOS, but the event has also been used to debut hardware before. Talk to the touch panel The revamped 10.5-inch iPad Pro, technically the third model in the series but effectively the iPad Pro 2, is said to be ditching the bezels down the side in order to cram a larger display into a chassis that's just about the same size as the 9.7-inch iPad Pro that got launched in March 2016. Meanwhile Ming-Chi Kuo says the Siri speaker features a touch panel of some kind, though it's not certain whether that means an actual display (which would make more sense) or just an input panel. Amazon has recently been getting itself ready for increased competition in the market with the launch of the Amazon Echo Show. The analyst also says Siri will get extra AI capabilities for managing your smart home at WWDC this year - so the new software and hardware could mark a fresh push into the smart home space from Apple. It sounds like the 2017 Apple developer conference is not to be missed this year, and we'll of course bring you all the news as it happens. Remember all the news that came out of WWDC last year? Related news Download of the day: EaseUS Todo Backup Free Microsoft sends out a Windows XP patch to block new ransomware Best VPN for Windows: Our 5 top choices The HTC U 11 will come with an app to show you how to squeeze it See more Tablets news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The OnePlus 5 is ready to take on the Galaxy S8, latest leaks suggest 2 Kodi: the good, the bad, and the illegal 3 The best free VPN 2017 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Apple Watch 3 release date, news and rumors 1 Say it ain't so: Amazon Echo will soon play ads 2 Samsung, please let me buy this new flip-phone 3 The Samsung Galaxy Note 9 could look like this TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror North East Home News North East News Apple News How well do you know your iPhone? Here's 10 things you didn't know it could do We take a look at some of the device's great hidden features and give tips to use the equipment on the 10th anniversary of the first-ever iPhone  Share  Comments BySonia Sharma 11:49, 14 MAY 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextiPhone marks 10th anniversary Watch this video again Watch Next How to spot if an iPhone charger is fake - and th1:37 Convoy tribute to car enthusiast Barry Carmon1:35 Molly the cat who was shot in the neck with an ai2:43 See Brave Bradley Lowery carried onto the pitch b1:00 Close up of controversial banner flying over the 0:25 Take a look around Leazes Park Food Fair1:07 Fans want to know what's up with Geordie Charlie 0:44 Video will play in  10 things you didn't know your Iphone could do Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email It has been 10 years since the iPhone first launched in the UK - and the device has now become one of the most popular in UK households. But very few people know the extent of exactly what our iPhones are capable of, especially Apple’s amazing virtual assistant, Siri. The equipment has a range of great features, from various uses of Siri to ways of maintaining the phone’s battery. We have put together a list of 10 things you might be missing out on and explain how to enable the features. How many of these were you aware of? 1. See everywhere you’ve been You iPhone tracks each place you’ve been. Press Settings, head to Privacy; Location Services; System Services then scroll to the bottom and select Frequent locations 2. Use Siri to find photos quickly Using iOS 9, you can ask Siri to filter photos by date or location, For example, you could say “show me photos from 2013 taken in Spain” which will take you straight to the photos 3. Use Siri to keep on top of messages Don’t have the time to reply to a text or email? Simply tell Siri to “remind you to read this text later” 4. Save battery If you’re running low on juice and just need your phone’s basic features, head to Settings; General; Accessibility and click “Grayscale” 5. Use Siri hands-free Instead of holding down the home button to launch Siri, just enable Hey Siri and quite simply say “Hey Siri”. From there you can then use Apple’s assistant to read and reply to messages 6. Find out which apps are draining your battery Head over to Settings: Battery, this will tell you which apps are occupying the most battery power 7. Have Siri read anything Siri is capable of reading articles, books, text and more. Just go to Settings; General; Accessibility; Speech and turn on speak screen and speak selection Read More The iPhone is 10: look at how the handsets have changed through the years 8. Search for anything in the Settings menu Gone are the days of digging through the iPhone’s Settings menu, you can now use a search bar at the top of the menu to jump to any given setting 9. Access emergency medical info from the lock screen Set up a Medical ID in the Health app and you can access medical info without having to unlock your phone, just tap Emergency and you’ll see the Medical ID button Read More What to do if your iPhone won't charge or recognise your charging cable 10. Launch a music app with your earphones If you listen to music at the same time every day, your phone will automatically launch the music app as soon as you plug your earphones in Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @ChronicleLive Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple Sunday Sun News all Most Read Most Recent Benwell'We're devastated' - Benwell dad's heartbreak at sudden death of 'gentle giant' 21-year-old son The father of the 21-year-old has warned others of the risks of using legal highs following the sad death of his son West AllotmentTen more homes WILL be demolished on West Allotment Bayfield estate due to subsidence The Coal Authority has received permission to knock down the properties that have suffered damage caused by the effects of historic coal mining Newbiggin-by-the-seaCharity on brink of folding after Northumberland County Council sells building Staff at the Little Gems Arts and Craft Gallery charity are 'absolutely gutted' after being evicted from their base Sunday SunYou could be breaking the law by driving on prescription drugs - here's what you need to know All you need to know about medicines from the GP that could land you in trouble Britain's Got TalentBritain's Got Talent: Gateshead singer Jamie Lee Harrison wows the judges and the crowd Simon Cowell congratulated the Gateshead singer for his performance on Britain's Got Talent Traffic & TravelNorth East news LIVE: Latest breaking news, sport, weather, traffic and travel The Chronicle's live breaking news service including Monday's  traffic, travel, weather, sport and more covering Newcastle and the North East West AllotmentTen more homes WILL be demolished on West Allotment Bayfield estate due to subsidence The Coal Authority has received permission to knock down the properties that have suffered damage caused by the effects of historic coal mining Newbiggin-by-the-seaCharity on brink of folding after Northumberland County Council sells building Staff at the Little Gems Arts and Craft Gallery charity are 'absolutely gutted' after being evicted from their base Ant & DecBafta success for Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway at television awards The Geordie duo thanked for the viewers after winning the award and revealed they've already started on the next series Ant & DecAnt and Dec nominated twice for best entertainment show at BAFTA TV Awards Ant & Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway and Britain’s Got Talent are both in the running for the entertainment programme category Most Read Most Recent Newcastle United FCNewcastle United news and transfer rumours LIVE: New transfer links as Magpies push on All the latest news, opinion and analysis as Rafa Benitez and Newcastle begin preparations for their Premier League return Hull City AFCNewcastle United to be offered Harry Maguire after Hull City are relegated Former Sheffield United defender eager to stay in Premier League as 24-year-old's representatives prepare next move Peter BeardsleyNewcastle United aiming for DOUBLE promotion - and Peter Beardsley appeals for backing Magpies in need of support as they look to win promotion against a talented West Ham side Benwell'We're devastated' - Benwell dad's heartbreak at sudden death of 'gentle giant' 21-year-old son The father of the 21-year-old has warned others of the risks of using legal highs following the sad death of his son Newcastle United FCNewcastle United news and transfer rumours RECAP: Gibbs linked as Magpies scout in Italy All the latest news, opinion and analysis as Rafa Benitez and Newcastle begin preparations for their Premier League return Traffic & TravelNorth East news LIVE: Latest breaking news, sport, weather, traffic and travel The Chronicle's live breaking news service including Monday's  traffic, travel, weather, sport and more covering Newcastle and the North East Jack ColbackJack Colback: Newcastle United's new-found character has been key this season Newcastle United have discovered a way to win this season - and Jack Colback thinks that's down to character in the dressing room Newcastle United FCNewcastle United news and transfer rumours LIVE: New transfer links as Magpies push on All the latest news, opinion and analysis as Rafa Benitez and Newcastle begin preparations for their Premier League return Peter BeardsleyNewcastle United aiming for DOUBLE promotion - and Peter Beardsley appeals for backing Magpies in need of support as they look to win promotion against a talented West Ham side Swansea City FCSwansea City could 'quite easily' have been where Sunderland are now, says Lukasz Fabianski Goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski says Swansea City could easily have been relegated had it not been for former Sunderland target Paul Clement Top Stories West AllotmentTen more homes WILL be demolished on West Allotment Bayfield estate due to subsidence The Coal Authority has received permission to knock down the properties that have suffered damage caused by the effects of historic coal mining Newbiggin-by-the-seaCharity on brink of folding after Northumberland County Council sells building Staff at the Little Gems Arts and Craft Gallery charity are 'absolutely gutted' after being evicted from their base Jack ColbackJack Colback: Newcastle United's new-found character has been key this season Newcastle United have discovered a way to win this season - and Jack Colback thinks that's down to character in the dressing room Benwell'We're devastated' - Benwell dad's heartbreak at sudden death of 'gentle giant' 21-year-old son The father of the 21-year-old has warned others of the risks of using legal highs following the sad death of his son Ant & DecBafta success for Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway at television awards The Geordie duo thanked for the viewers after winning the award and revealed they've already started on the next series Newcastle United FC HistoryOne of Newcastle United's all time greats to be remembered in sporting auction A rare signed photograph of a legendary Newcastle full back will be sold on Tuesday Whitley BayPhotography proves the perfect remedy for Bafta-winning cameraman who once worked on Notting Hill Paul Otter, of Whitley Bay, has worked on well-known films and TV shows - but hit a brick wall and began to suffer from depression Hull City AFCNewcastle United to be offered Harry Maguire after Hull City are relegated Former Sheffield United defender eager to stay in Premier League as 24-year-old's representatives prepare next move Beamish MuseumLike your cocktails? Beamish is opening a Georgian gin cocktail bar for one night only The open air museum will open late for one night only complete with Georgian gin cocktail bar BerwickConvoy tribute to car enthusiast Barry Carmon as pals drive to his funeral Scores of mourners turned out to the funeral of Barry Carmon, who tragically died in a head-on crash on the A1 Sunday SunTributes to Newcastle crash victim, cyber attack and other news you might have missed If you've been out in the sunshine we have a round-up of the stories that have made the headlines in our region this weekend NHSNHS cyber attack: More disruption expected at hospitals and GP surgeries on Monday Patients are being warned they could face disruption as the NHS tries to get its IT systems back online following Friday's ransomware attack Benwell'We're devastated' - Benwell dad's heartbreak at sudden death of 'gentle giant' 21-year-old son The father of the 21-year-old has warned others of the risks of using legal highs following the sad death of his son West AllotmentTen more homes WILL be demolished on West Allotment Bayfield estate due to subsidence The Coal Authority has received permission to knock down the properties that have suffered damage caused by the effects of historic coal mining Newbiggin-by-the-seaCharity on brink of folding after Northumberland County Council sells building Staff at the Little Gems Arts and Craft Gallery charity are 'absolutely gutted' after being evicted from their base Sunday SunYou could be breaking the law by driving on prescription drugs - here's what you need to know All you need to know about medicines from the GP that could land you in trouble Britain's Got TalentBritain's Got Talent: Gateshead singer Jamie Lee Harrison wows the judges and the crowd Simon Cowell congratulated the Gateshead singer for his performance on Britain's Got Talent Cheryl Fernandez-VersiniHow Newcastle welcomed Cheryl and Girls Aloud at the Arena 10 years ago 10 pictures of Girls Aloud and Cheryl Cole at Newcastle's Metro Radio Arena on this day 10 years ago General electionVoting poll reveals the Conservatives could take safe Labour seat in the North East Our exclusive figures reveal formerly safe seats in the region are under threat and could turn blue in the General Election Traffic & TravelNorth East news LIVE: Latest breaking news, sport, weather, traffic and travel The Chronicle's live breaking news service including Monday's  traffic, travel, weather, sport and more covering Newcastle and the North East Geordie ShoreEx-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan steps out of pool to shows off stunning training results Holly Hagan has completed intense training at the same Thailand school which Aaron Chalmers learned MMA Newcastle United FC HistoryOne of Newcastle United's all time greats to be remembered in sporting auction A rare signed photograph of a legendary Newcastle full back will be sold on Tuesday NHSNHS cyber attack: More disruption expected at hospitals and GP surgeries on Monday Patients are being warned they could face disruption as the NHS tries to get its IT systems back online following Friday's ransomware attack HeritageMeet the newest famous faces added to Newcastle and Gateshead's Walk of Fame Tim Healy, Brian Johnson, Mike Neville and John Grundy have all been added to NewcastleGateshead's Walk of Fame Ant & DecBafta success for Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway at television awards The Geordie duo thanked for the viewers after winning the award and revealed they've already started on the next series Beamish MuseumLike your cocktails? Beamish is opening a Georgian gin cocktail bar for one night only The open air museum will open late for one night only complete with Georgian gin cocktail bar North East NewsPervert flashed at schoolgirls on bus and said 'have you seen anything like this before' Drunk David Mavin was seen on CCTV by the bus driver smirking and exposing his genitals to a group of 12 and 13-year-old girls Sunday SunAre you a parent travelling abroad with a child with a different surname? You need to know this A family lawyer has warned that airport staff could refuse permission to fly or even call police if they fear the possibility of kidnap Stadium of LightWatch the moment Newcastle United fans flew controversial banner over Stadium of Light The banner, organised by Darren Curry, flew over the Stadium of Light as Sunderland played their final Premier League game for at least a year Mr JusticeMan who thought he'd cancelled phone contract 12 years ago hit with £4000 bill Blyth customer loses thousands after paying for a phone he hand't used in more than a decade but unknowingly kept paying for it TransportThis is the man tasked with helping to fix Newcastle's transport woes New transport boss Simon Bird will have a big say over Haddricks Mill, Blue House Roundabout and city centre bus lane cameras NHSNewcastle hospital bosses refuse to address questions over future of NHS chief Sir Leonard Fenwick Sir Leonard was put on extended leave in January - but the trust has refused to say whether an investigation into him has been completed News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time Bingo How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
menu Sections Monday, May 15, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Apps and Softwares share this Top iPhone apps as of May 2017: ‘Injustice 2′, ‘B612′, ‘Hooked – Chat Stores’ AFP Relaxnews / 05:53 PM May 14, 2017 Batman and friends take on Superman and his pals in “Injustice 2″ on iPhone. Image: Warner Bros./Apple, Inc. via AFP Relaxnews Glossy superhero fighting game “Injustice 2″, image, video and audio filter suite “B612″ and user-generated text-format story collection “Hooked” feature in this survey of top iOS apps as of May 12, 2017. United States Injustice 2 (games) A fighting game featuring some of DC Comics’ best known heroes and villains (Batman, Wonder Woman, Superman, Harley Quinn), and a number of lesser-known characters combine in a battle to save or control the world. The top-selling in-app purchase is for a $2.99 starter pack; prices range up to $99.99. United Kingdom Injustice 2 (games) ADVERTISEMENT Australia Lottoland (entertainment) Offering the opportunity to buy tickets to both Australian lotteries and those based in other countries. China B612咔叽 – 全球自拍达人的新圣地 [en. B612 – Trendy Filters, Selfiegenic Camera] (photo and video) Photo filter, video capture, and sticker suite filled with beauty effects, augmented reality overlays, staggered video chat. Germany WhatsApp Messenger (social networking) Facebook-owned multimedia messaging and voice calling app that uses wifi or carrier data connection, leverages existing phone contacts lists, and provides support for group chats. Independent secure messaging suite Threema currently Germany’s number three paid app. Siri overdubbing added on April 21. France Hooked – Chat Stories (books) Thriller stories formatted as chat conversations; users can write and upload their own narratives, solo or with a group of friends. Unlimited stories come by way of a subscription fee: $2.99 a week, $7.99 per month, or $39.99 on an annual basis. Netherlands Ziggo GO (entertainment) Official app for Dutch cable television provider Ziggo, offering live broadcasts, a TV guide, movies and TV series on demand, and a TV remote. Canada Injustice 2 (games) Japan Kurashiru (food and drink) Video recipe app attracting users with short videos, daily updates, favorites (for curating a recipe book.) $3.99 USD per month for Kurashiru Premium. Singapore oBike (travel) Stationless bike-sharing service that uses location detection and QR or numeric codes to unlock each bicycle. 10-minute advanced booking feature, payments can be made via card, PayPal and other services. ADVERTISEMENT Malaysia WhatsApp Messenger (social networking) India Amazon App (shopping) Official mobile application inviting users to shop, scan barcodes and compare online, and read reviews, track orders, or play music, listen to eBooks and so on. South Africa Wish (shopping) Online shopping app that advertises itself as a mall experience via mail order. Discounts, user reviews and photos, flash deals, wishlists, personalized feeds. Store rankings courtesy of App Annie. JB RELATED STORY: iPhone 8 set for October release; reports assure no production delays Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled Sulphur-powered giant shipworm unearthed in Philippines April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled New Google Earth unveiled that works on browsers and smartphones April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled Samsung launches Galaxy S8 phones, virtual assistant March 30, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo Switch console goes on sale in strategy reboot March 05, 2017 TAGS: Apple, Apple App Store, Apps, iPhone apps For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING entertainment Sharon Cuneta tells all: No third party, tired of being ‘used’ May 14, 2017 newsinfo A suicide at age 8? Very rare, but not inconceivable May 14, 2017 newsinfo Well-guarded secret: Leila’s ma doesn’t know she’s in jail May 14, 2017 entertainment Solenn’s hubby pokes fun at ‘highlighter’ shirt of Anne Curtis May 14, 2017 newsinfo Teacher said he had sex with student on most nights—FBI agent May 13, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Companies How High Can Apple Stock Go? Companies How High Can Apple Stock Go? Company poised to become the first $1 trillion U.S.-listed company By Fan Yu, Epoch Times | May 14, 2017 AT 5:45 AM Last Updated: May 14, 2017 5:50 am The Apple logo is seen inside the Fifth Avenue Apple store in New York. (Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images) Apple Inc. first eclipsed $800 trillion in valuation on May 9, becoming the first U.S.-listed firm to surpass that threshold. The maker of iPhones, iPads, and Mac computers has been on a recent tear. Shares of the Cupertino, Calif.-based company closed at $156.10 on May 12, up 35 percent since Jan. 1 and 68 percent over the last twelve months. In other words, two-thirds of Apple’s current value was created in the last year. There are a few key factors propelling Apple’s recent rise, with some due to the overall market and some unique to Apple. With a new iPhone on the horizon for later this year, eclipsing the $1 trillion mark will likely be a matter of when, not if. Rise of Index Funds Peter Lynch put mutual funds on the map in the 1990s. Two decades ago, mutual funds were a part of many investor’s portfolios. Today, the same can be said of index funds—we are squarely in the age of passive investing. This trend has been a boon to Apple perhaps more than any other company. The most popular index funds, which can include exchange-traded funds (ETFs), are baskets of stocks that mimic the performance of an index such as the S&P 500. By their definition, index funds don’t beat the market—as actively managed funds try to—but merely attempt to replicate the performance of a particular index. That may sound dull, but given their low expense ratios, index funds have become extremely popular with retail investors today—an era where most actively managed funds cannot manage to beat the market. According to the latest S&P Dow Jones Indices, 66 percent of large-cap managers, 89 percent of mid-cap managers, and 86 percent of small-cap active managers underperformed their respective benchmark indices during 2016. Apple is the biggest component of the S&P 500 Index with a weighting of 3.9 percent. But as index funds try to track the S&P 500—by way of purchasing the stocks that make up the index—they have poured billions of dollars into purchasing Apple stock. This trend is evident by scanning Apple’s biggest owners, as reported in the numbers for the first quarter. Its largest single shareholder was Vanguard Group Inc., which owned 343.8 million shares, worth around $54 billion. Vanguard is the world’s second-largest ETF provider. The four single biggest shareholders of Apple were Vanguard, BlackRock, State Street, and FMR (Fidelity Investments). All of these companies are big players in the index fund industry. An Apple iPhone 7s is seen at the Apple store on Regent Street in London, England. (Leon Neal/Getty Images) As index funds continue to occupy a prominent position within investors’ portfolios, inflows into Apple shares will continue, driving up demand for the stock. Cash Repatriation While details of President Donald Trump’s tax overhaul proposals are scarce, analysts say that the corporate cash repatriation aspect of the tax bill will likely receive most support from both Democrats and Republicans. And that has huge ramifications to Apple shareholders. The tax proposal will likely grant corporations a one-time lower tax rate applied on repatriation of any cash parked abroad. Repatriation will be “one element of tax reform that both sides of the aisle can agree on,” UBS analyst Julian Emmanuel wrote on a note to clients on May 7, according to CNBC. “The potential for continued buybacks (and resulting EPS [earnings per share] uplift) from repatriation reinforces our overweight call on Tech and Health Care, which together hold over 80% of the offshore cash,” Emmanuel wrote. Apple currently has the most cash parked abroad of any U.S. corporation. As of March 31, $240 billion—or 93 percent—of Apple’s total cash of $257 billion resided outside the United States, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said at the company’s fiscal first quarter 2017 earnings call with Wall Street analysts. When Apple decides to bring back its massive overseas cash pile, it could gradually increase the company’s share price. Apple already runs one of the most effective share buyback programs of any U.S. listed company. Generally, companies buy back enough shares to cover the issuance of stock-based compensation to prevent dilution of existing shareholders. But Apple has bought back far more shares than that. Since CEO Tim Cook announced the buyback program in 2012, Apple has spent around $144 billion to repurchase shares, taking more than 1.4 billion shares out of trading. Its weighted average share count has decreased from 6.6 billion in 2012 to around 5.2 billion today. Apple’s weighted average number of shares outstanding (Source: NASDAQ) The company’s board has authorized $175 billion of share buybacks. To see the effect of Apple’s buyback program, just compare the company’s diluted earnings per share (EPS) figures for the calendar quarter ended December 2016 (typically the company’s best quarter due to holiday sales) for 2016 and 2015. Although net income was lower for calendar fourth quarter 2016 ($17.9 billion) compared to 2015 ($18.4 billion), diluted EPS was higher ($3.36 vs. $3.28) due to lower-weighted average shares outstanding. Apple is currently funding its share repurchase with debt, so further buybacks are constrained by the amount of cash on its onshore balance sheet. But if the company decides to repatriate the majority of its $240 billion offshore cash, the board could be incentivized to ramp up the hugely successful share buyback program further. Apple, the Value Stock Over the last few years, Apple—despite its technology sector bona fides—has morphed from growth stock to value stock. As of May 12, Apple’s price-to-earnings (PE) ratio is currently 18.3, and its forward PE is even lower at 17.9. Compared to S&P 500 averages of 21.2 and 19.7, respectively, Apple’s stock seems cheap versus the market. Cheap may not be the first thought that comes to mind when considering Apple stock, but it’s an accurate depiction. And it’s attracted the attention of the world’s most famous value investor, Warren Buffett. While another Berkshire Hathaway portfolio manager initially bought Apple stock—not Buffett himself—Buffett has since increased his holding in the technology company. Buffett has cited the popularity, and consumer loyalty, of the iPhone for his belief in the company. “You can’t move people by price in the smartphone market remotely like you can move them in appliances or all kinds of things. People want the product. They don’t want the cheapest product,” Buffett said on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” May 8. “[The iPhone]’s a very, very, very valuable product to people that build their lives around it. And that’s true of 8-year-olds and 80-year-olds.” Apple’s market capitalization sits at just over $825 billion as of May 12. Subtracting its net cash (cash less debt) of $158 billion, Apple’s valuation sits at around $667. By that measure, the company’s core business has a relatively reasonable valuation multiple of 14.6.  With a completely new iPhone expected later this year—to commemorate the tenth anniversary of its introduction—Apple could be at the beginning of another lucrative iPhone upgrade cycle. BMO Capital Markets estimated that 31 percent of iPhone users will have a phone that is at least two years old by the time the next iPhone is introduced. And with that, Apple’s stock, and its valuation, could have more room to run. Editor’s Picks The Economic School You’ve Never Heard Of Former Prime Minister Tony Blair Jumps Back Into the Fray Recession Unleashed America’s Entrepreneurial Energy Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in CompaniesRecession Unleashed America’s Entrepreneurial EnergyUber Deemed Transport Service by EU Top Court AdviserCompelling Marketing Engages Both Sides of the BrainNew York Elites Celebrate the Opening of Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices in Manhattan Latest in Business Business America’s Top 10 Consumer Complaints Business Antitrust Lawsuit Likely Sinks American-US Airways Merger Business Exploring America’s $2 Trillion Underground Economy Business 2012 Year End Feature – Business & Economy Business ‘Transformers’ Helps Viacom Reap Earnings Business Wall Street Bonuses Scrutinized Business Super Bowl: A Bonanza for Advertisers Business Don’t Forget Your Unclaimed Money (Part 1) Business Big Returns for Public Sector Marketers at MARCOM 2010 × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
About Cookies We want you to enjoy your visit to our website. That's why we use cookies to enhance your experience. By staying on our website you agree to our use of cookies. More info about cookies. Accept & close Book an Ad Business Directory Local Info Dating Buy Sell Our Facebook feeds Wirral Globe Like us on Facebook Our Twitter feeds @WIRRALGLOBENEWS All the latest news and views from the Wirral Globe @wirral_sport All the latest sports news from the Wirral Globe Register | Sign In Search Wirral 10°c News Sport jobs Rovers Events What's On Property Announcements Cars education Sections Search What's OnLocal Leisure Local Events Wirral Restaurants Showbiz News Cinema Music TV Guide Travel & Days Out News Education ZoneHillsboroughGranty's InfernoNational NewsWirral Globe School Awards 2017Contact UsPet Of The Week Sport Tranmere RoversThe Open 2014RugbyBowlsCricketMore sports newsNational sport Rovers Jobs Search JobsPost a JobJobs News Events What's On Local LeisureLocal EventsWirral RestaurantsShowbiz NewsCinemaMusicTV GuideTravel & Days Out Property Property for saleProperty for rentFind agentsHouse pricesProperty NewsPrivate For SaleCommercial Property Announcements Death NoticesPublic NoticesIn MemoriamAcknowledgementsBirthdaysAnniversariesGreetingsBirthsAll Cars Used Car DealsNew Car DealsSell Your CarCar Reviews Education Secondary SchoolsCollegesOfsted Top RatedEventsParents' Guides Send us your news Have you got a local story, picture or video you would like to send to us? Send it to us now for a chance to get published. Services JobsBusiness DirectoryLocal InfoDatingBuy SellBook an Ad Hot off the stage: 'Thoroughly Modern Millie' at the Liverpool Empire Show caption () View gallery Skip to next image » / Peter Grant, Reporter FLAPPERS, y'all, were those dancers that made the Big Apple sparkle in the roaring '20s. They got their name from the buckled overshoes that flapped along as they strolled along the boulevards. They were girls who wanted to have fun. Based on the Academy-Award winning film starring Julie Andrews, Thoroughly Modern Millie takes you back to the jazzy heights of 1922 in New York City. This production, with a new score from Jeanine Tesori and Dick Scanlon, won six Tony Awards and it's easy to see why it was such a hit on Broadway. It oozes upbeat 'feel good' family entertainment. It celebrates a time when 'moderns', including a flapper called Millie Dillmount, were bobbing their hair, painting their lips red, raising their hem-lines and re-writing the rules of fashion and love. An age when money talked years before the Wall Street Crash left many speechless. And a time when drink prohibition saw cigarrete-smoking, cocktail-drinking rebels galore. In this two-hour 40 minute production there are some wonderful visual and comic references to the golden age of silent movies. Michelle Collins of Coronation Street and Eastenders fame goes back to soap in a way - playing the dubious Chinese laundry manager Mrs Meers. She has plenty of hiss-ability as the brains behind an unscrupulous evil Chinese takeway plot, involving kidnapping wannabee actresses. Joanne Clifton, the sparkling star of Strictly Come Dancing - winning in 2016 - is perfectly cast as the delightfully dizzy, yet canny Millie. She plays the girl from Kansas who wants to marry a rich guy, but life is what happens while you are busy making other plans. There are some stunning dance sequences created by director and choreographer Racky Plews, notably the clever typing pool numbers which all go swimmingly. And there's a great quaint rooftop ledge routine which wouldn't look out of place in the film La La Land. As well as dancing, Joanne can sing beautifully. A live, eight-piece band help the numbers come alive on a set that resembles a huge crown from the Statue of Liberty. The art-deco backdrop becomes an office, nightclub and hotel. Music-wise, the title song bounces along nicely while Sam Barrett's Jimmy provides a lovely duet with Millie on I Turned The Corner. There are some laugh out loud moments from Graham MacDuff's dapper Mr Graydon. His acrobatic drunken antics and great comic timing a highlight. There's a cracking version of Only In New York by the characater Muzzy Van Hos played by Jenny Fitzpatrick while Katherine Glover is sunny and sublime as not-what-she seems Dorothy. Two laundry workers Ching Ho (Damian Buhagiar) and Bun Foo (Andy Yau) talk and sing in Chinese happily translated on a screen via subtitles. And there's a smashing twist at the end. Four stars - slick and stylish The show is at the Empire until this Saturday, February 25. Tickets from the box office on 0844 871 3017 Most popular See more stories Most popular See more stories Comments are closed on this article. Next Up Mobile site Contact Us Subscribe Photo Sales Advertise AdChoices Archive Topics Announcements Site Map Exchange and Mart Dating Leap Terms & Conditions Contributor Terms Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©Copyright 2001-2017 This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network | A Gannett Company Newsquest (North West) Ltd, Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. HP10 9TY |3102566| Registered in England & Wales Ipsoregulated This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can contact IPSO here
About Cookies We want you to enjoy your visit to our website. That's why we use cookies to enhance your experience. By staying on our website you agree to our use of cookies. More info about cookies. Accept & close Book an Ad Business Directory Local Info Dating Buy Sell Our Facebook feeds Daily Echo Like us on Facebook Southampton FC - Daily Echo Saints news on Facebook Daily Echo Sport Grass roots sport on Facebook What's On Southampton Your guide to everything happening in Southampton. Our Twitter feeds @dailyecho Daily Echo on Twitter @dailyechosaints Saints news on Twitter Daily Echo Sport Grass roots sport What's On Southampton Your guide to everything happening in Southampton. Register | Sign In Search Southampton 11°c News Sport jobs Photos What's On Your Say Property Announcements Cars education Sections Search What's OnGamesGame NewsGaming Picture Galleries Game Reviews Game News Competitions Game Trailers Play News DistrictsCrimeEducationNightlifePoliticsHealthBusinessTravelShippingEnvironmentNews in briefCharity Sport SaintsFootballCricketRugbyGolfBoxingFishingHockeySailingTennisAthleticsMotorsportThe PinkLocal Sports ClubsCycling Photos GalleriesHow to Order PhotosFlickrPhoto SalesSaints GalleriesRock ChallengeCoast and Country Book Jobs Search JobsPost a JobJobs FairJ.P Morgan What's On StageMusicGamesFoodFestivalsPub ReviewsEntertainmentsNightlifeSchool PromsHolidaysShowbiz Your Say Readers' LettersSubmit a letterContactTwitterBlogsForumsHeadlines on your site Property Property for saleProperty for rentFind agentsHouse pricesProperty NewsProperty NewsAdvertiseHampshire Homes & Lettings App Announcements Death NoticesPublic NoticesIn MemoriamAcknowledgementsBirthdaysAnniversariesGreetingsBirthsAllAnnouncements ArchiveSubmit ObituaryPublic Notices Cars Used Car DealsNew Car DealsDrive TimeSell Your VehicleNews Education Secondary SchoolsCollegesOfsted Top RatedEventsParents' Guides Send us your news Have you got a local story, picture or video you would like to send to us? Send it to us now for a chance to get published. Services JobsBusiness DirectoryLocal InfoDatingBuy SellBook an Ad Kodi: A quick guide to the media player that's taking the country by storm Kodi: A quick guide to the media player that's taking the country by storm 0 comments Whether it's at home, at work, on the bus, in the pub or on social media, everybody is raving about Kodi and what it can do. Over 20 million people across the UK are reportedly using Kodi, but for those that think it's the latest craze in dodgy online piracy - you're wrong. If you don't have a clue what's going on, don't fret. By the time you finish reading this you should have a good idea of what Kodi is and what it can do for you. What is Kodi? Kodi is a piece of open source, cross-platform software designed to be used for home entertainment. In simple terms, it's a free piece of media centre software that anyone can use, modify, or add to. Will Kodi work on all my devices? Pretty much. Kodi's official downloads page lets you download software for most operating systems: Windows, OS X, Linux, Ubuntu, Android, iOS, Raspberry Pi, BSD, and Freescale IMX6. As you can see, there are some notable exceptions to Kodi's near-universal compatibility. The most obvious are Chrome OS and iOS devices - Kodi can be put on iOS devices but it does involves some jiggery-pokery. When it comes to iOS, Kodi is not available from the Apple App Store. Apparently, it's something to do with the option of adding third-party add-ons that aren't vetted by Apple. You can get it on your device though and it doesn't involve jailbreaking or damaging your warranty. There is also no official Kodi support for games consoles. This is a little bit odd, given the software's origins on the original Xbox. There is still an Xbox version of XBMC - the original name for Kodi - that runs on the original Xbox and still gets periodic updates. Unfortunately there isn't anything for the Xbox One or Xbox 360. However, the Xbox One's HDMI input means you can always run a separate Kodi device through your Xbox. If you're using a PS3, PS4, or Wii U, you don't have any options for running Kodi. Kodi has Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) compatibility, which lets you set up your own 'master' server that communicates with the rest of your devices. That means everything you own that runs Kodi will automatically keep up to date with the rest, so you don't have to worry about making sure libraries are individually updated. What files work with Kodi? When it comes down to filetype compatibility, you're going to be hard pressed to find something that Kodi can't play. Having a look at the list of compatible filetypes will make you realise just how much stuff there is out there. So it's just for streaming content? Streaming is a big part of what Kodi can do, as is playing media files from local or networked storage. There isn't much you can't get on the platform, regardless of which streaming services you actually subscribe to. It even has Amazon Prime TV add-ons, and any streaming box owner will know that Amazon isn't fond of having the service available on anything but its own devices. The more recent versions of Kodi aren't just restricted to online streams and downloaded media files. These days it also has native support for live TV broadcasts, provided you connect to a TV server that supplies the content. There's also an electronic programme guide, and DVR capabilities. As ever you don't have to stick to the stock features, and can install multiple other TV and DVR add-ons. These features will also let you use your Kodi box as a video capture device, so really the possibilities are almost endless. How do I customise Kodi? This is probably Kodi's most attractive feature. Kodi is open-source, which means people can add to it or customise it as they see fit. While the average user won't go right into the code to start messing around, it does mean they can throw in a bunch of extra software to get more use out of their server. On its own Kodi doesn't have any content built in. So, if you leave it completely unchanged it's only really good for playing media from local and networked sources. That's not a bad thing, but if you're only using Kodi to do that then you're missing out. Different add-ons and plugins are created by the community, and can be downloaded on to your Kodi device using the 'Addon Manager', which is no different from the app stores you'll find on other systems. Article continues after... More Articles Final Fantasy XV: Road to Release at The Odeon cinema Dead Rising 4 - co-op mode revealed Persona 5 - livestream event and new trailer NEWS: Homefront: The Revolution - Easter egg NEWS: Shadow of the Beast has been given a release date - finally! Add-ons and plugins add more to Kodi's capabilities, including (but not restricted to) adding online content, changing the way Kodi behaves, and adding new features to the software's existing repertoire. Good examples of this are add-ons that give you access to streaming and catch-up services, software that lets you browse the web via your Kodi device, P2P file-sharing clients, and even basic games. If you want to take a look at what's available before getting Kodi for yourself, there is a list of add-ons on the official website. As for the interface itself, Kodi advertises the fact that every aspect of the UI is customisable. Do I need to buy a remote to control Kodi on my TV? Some Kodi boxes will come with a remote, but there's an official remote app available for iOS and Android Smartphones. Like the main Kodi app, both the iOS and Android apps are free and open source, so people can modify and customise them. That means there are a ridiculous number of different third-party Kodi remotes out there – even on Windows phones. The official remotes are probably a good place to start, but if you find they're just not doing it for you then you do have plenty of options. Kodi is also compatible with hundreds of different remote controls, you can find a list of compatible remote types on the official Wiki page. 0 comments Most popular Commented See more stories Most popular Commented See more stories See more stories Comments Next Up Mobile site Contact Us Subscribe Photo Sales Advertise AdChoices Archive Topics Announcements Site Map Exchange and Mart Dating Leap Terms & Conditions Contributor Terms Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©Copyright 2001-2017 This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network | A Gannett Company Newsquest Media Group Limited, Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. HP10 9TY (1676637) Registered in England & Wales Ipsoregulated This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can contact IPSO here
About Cookies We want you to enjoy your visit to our website. That's why we use cookies to enhance your experience. By staying on our website you agree to our use of cookies. More info about cookies. Accept & close Book an Ad Business Directory Local Info Dating Buy Sell Our Facebook feeds The Press, York Like us on Facebook Our Twitter feeds @yorkpress Follow us on Twitter Register | Sign In Search York 8°c News Sport jobs Photos Business What's On Property Announcements Cars education Sections Search FeaturesFeaturesFeatures Design Awards Columnists Health History Letters News ArchiveCommunity PrideEducationFeaturesIn depthLettersNationalVideoRoad to Justice campaignTour de Yorkshire Sport York City FCKnights RLLeeds UnitedFootballRugbyCricketHorse racingOther sportsPark LifeNationalUK Snooker Championship Photos Photo salesPicture galleries2015 in picturesOld picturesLooking back in picturesYour pictures Jobs Search JobsJobs NewsPost a Job Business Business newsBusiness AwardsBusiness columnistsMeet the bossYork Report What's On EventsFilm reviewsTheatreMusicComedyExhibitionsShowbiz Property Property for saleProperty for rentFind agentsHouse pricesProperty NewsAdvertise Announcements Death NoticesPublic NoticesIn MemoriamAcknowledgementsBirthdaysAnniversariesGreetingsBirthsAllPeace GardenPublic NoticesSend Your Obituary Cars Used Car DealsNew Car DealsNewsSell Your CarRoad Test Education Secondary SchoolsCollegesOfsted Top RatedEventsParents' Guides Send us your news Have you got a local story, picture or video you would like to send to us? Send it to us now for a chance to get published. Services JobsBusiness DirectoryLocal InfoDatingBuy SellBook an Ad Sex in a broom cuboard? I'd rather have a cup of tea... Helen Mead: I'd prefer a cup of tea to broom cupboard fumbles any day... / Helen Mead 0 comments I didn’t know where to put myself watching the new BBC drama series Apple Tree Yard. I thought I had got over that feeling, which takes over when rampant sex is on TV, the embarrassment that has you squirming uncomfortably and wondering whether to get up and make a cup of tea. Watching sex scenes on TV with my parents was, any teenager will agree, just plain awful. And it’s no relaxed affair with my own children, especially the younger one, who makes faces and utters words like “Yeukkkk!” But surely I shouldn’t be cringing when watching with my husband. We sat through sex in a broom cupboard, sex in back alleys and, basically, sex here there and everywhere. I resisted the urge to put the kettle on, but did at one point begin searching down the back of the sofa for a missing memory stick. So why the embarrassment? It’s not the sex, I’ve seen worse on TV, I think it’s more the fact that it might make my husband think he’s missing out. Ben Chaplin and Emily Watson in Apple Tree Yard This feeling is heightened by the fact that the female at the centre of the action is a 50-year-old woman. I knew the programme would open the floodgates for debates about middle-aged sex, and it has. ‘Can sex in your 50s be the best you’ve ever had?’ asks one national newspaper. At last, a TV show that says women over 50 are sexy’, says another. Article continues after... More Articles What are they not telling us? COLUMN: My election guide to making your mind up COLUMN: The agony of not knowing ANALYSIS: Why proper reporting matters COLUMN: Why not let a bit of joy into life? Well, yes, but then the women playing the lead, Emily Watson, IS sexy - she has a great figure, she wears stockings and heels and doesn’t have cellulite and bingo wings. Not all women in their fifties are like that. If I was propositioned by a stranger in a broom cupboard he’d have to negotiate thick socks, even thicker woolly tights and knickers bigger than Bridget Jones’s. It would take him an hour to get it all off. To me, a cheesewire thong is an instrument of torture. My daughters wear stuff like that, and as I pick them from the washing machine I marvel as to how anyone could gain any support or comfort from them. At my age, those are the buzzwords. So back to the debates: I’ve had to hide all these newspaper articles from my husband. I don’t want him reading about how sex gets better and better with age, how women my age are letting their hair down and being more adventurous in the bedroom, and how once the children have left home there are no holds barred sex-wise. I haven’t got the energy. In the words of Boy George ‘I’d rather have a cup of tea.’ The cat wouldn’t be happy either, as he sleeps between us. Maybe as I approach my bus pass years I will feel differently. Retirement may be my passport to wild, wanton sex in doorways and restaurant toilets, with men I barely know. Maybe I will lead a life of lust and debauchery rather than one of garden centres and daytime TV. But I doubt it. To be honest I don’t think many women - of any age - would want to have sex in grubby back alleys or office broom cupboards. As my 86-year-old neighbour commented: “If I was to go off and do that I’d at least want a decent hotel.” Having heard all about it beforehand, I should have known better than to watch Apple Tree Yard - which has now taken a more sinister turn - and I certainly should not have sat through it with my husband. There’s usually a boring history programme on BBC4 on a Sunday night, so this week I will tempt him with that and catch up with the sex romps later on iPlayer. 0 comments Most popular See more stories Most popular See more stories Comments Next Up Mobile site Contact Us Subscribe Photo Sales Advertise AdChoices Archive Topics Announcements Site Map Exchange and Mart Dating Leap Terms & Conditions Contributor Terms Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©Copyright 2001-2017 This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network | A Gannett Company Published by Newsquest Yorkshire & North-East, a division of Newsquest Media Group Limited, with trading address at 84-86 Walmgate, York. Newsquest Media Group Ltd is registered in England and Wales at Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire HP10 9TY, co number: 01676637. Ipsoregulated This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can contact IPSO here
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Startups LATEST NEWS Lyft, Waymo to cooperate on self-driving cars Japan wakes up to global 'ransomware' cyberattack Kulbhushan case in ICJ: India to counter Pak Kulbhushan Jadhav's case in ICJ: Key developments No big role for India if it decides to join OBOR in future, says China China, Vietnam agree to keep South China Sea tensions in check Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz SME Sector Startups Policy & Trends Entrepreneurship Money Security-Tech TechnologySecurity Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing HR-Leadership LeadershipPeople More LegalBiz ListingsSmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 12:24 PM | 15 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,314126.06 NIFTY 50 9,43938.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,06358.00 USD/INR 64.11-0.20 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Up to 90% discounts on offer at Flipkart's 'Big 10 Sale', iPhone 7 at 'lowest price ever’ tomorrow By Chhavi Tyagi , ECONOMICTIMES.COM | Updated: May 14, 2017, 11.56 AM IST Post a Comment Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You As Amazon gets ready to draw curtains on its 4-day sale period, those who missed out on the 'Great Indian Sale' need not fret as its domestic rival Flipkart plans to dazzle customers with its own 4-day sale. From May 14-18, Flipkart will celebrate its 10 years of operations with its 'Big 10 Sale'. Consumer electronics have always been Flipkart's mainstay and the ongoing 4-day sale will focus on the same category in order to beat Amazon, which claims to have done exceedingly well on the first day of it sale. What's on offer On Day one, the etailer is pushing its TVs & Appliances, Fashion & Lifestyle, and Home & Furniture categories, while the offers on Mobiles & Tablets and other Electronics will be revealed tomorrow. What is interesting is that Apple Watch Series 2 is being offered on discount of about 15%. While it is common to get Apple Series 1 watch on discount, the Series 2 rarely sees a price drop. Flipkart has considerably cut down its prices on TVs & Appliances and the company is also luring in consumers by offering 'No Cost EMI' and 'Free Installations' on many products. For Fashion & Lifestyle category, the discounts are as steep as 90% while others are being sold on at least a minimum of 40-50% discount. Flipkart also has Gold coins on discounts. While most are on 5% discount, there are offers of 10% and even 15% discount on gold and silver coins. Flipkart's fashion vertical Myntra is offering its own special offers during the 'Big 10 Sale' to keep its mark as the online buyers' go-to spot. The fashion etailer is offering a minimum of 50% discounts on brands like Jack & Jones, Vero Moda, Only, etc. and has presented its discounts on its website according to the categories. So, while sportswear brands are offering anywhere between 30-70% off, accessories are on offer for as low as 70% off. Flipkart's other fashion acquisition Jabong is also part of the sale bandwagon and is offering similar discounts on all categories and has broken down its sale according to top prices and top brands. Get ready for tomorrow With Amazon claiming that it saw 50% increase (over January) in customers buying smartphones on its platform, Flipkart has its work cut down for it, if it wants to retain its hold on its mainstay category. The etailer has already upped the ante by teasing the consumers with some big deals which will be on offer tomorrow in its Mobiles & Tablets category. Its biggest reveal tomorrow will be the "lowest price ever" on which consumers will be able to purchase an iPhone 7. Similarly, there are noises about a steep offer on Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 which will be again be revealed only on May 15. Tomorrow holds promise of more steep discounts like Google Pixel which Flipkart has already revealed will be available for Rs 34,999 (original price: Rs 57,000). Cashbacks after discounts With Amazon getting RBI's nod to launch its digital payment system, the competition is going to get hotter. In order to lure more customers on its own digital payment system PhonePe, Flipkart is offering a massive 30% cashback to buyers who choose to pay during the sale period with its e-wallet. In other tie-ups, Flipkart is offering a 10% instant discount to purchases made through HDFC Bank Credit Cards. While Flipkart did marginally better than Amazon during January sales, this sale is another important race which Flipkart needs to win. Comments(0)Add Comments Up to 90% discounts on offer at Flipkart's 'Big 10 Sale', iPhone 7 at 'lowest price ever’ tomorrow To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONFlipkart saleflipkart big 10 saleFlipkartBig 10 saleAmazon Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Experience the New Geometry of Sound Engadget | Master & Dynamic Add a Personal Touch To Your Wardrobe! Crossroads Trading Co. He Took His Wife to Her Final Chemotherapy Session, But Sh.. ScribolMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES For some customers, Flipkart misses the date with iPhone 7 IREDA tax-free bonds offer up to 7.68%, open tomorrow Offer for sale: brokers with BSE shares in a fix over price From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times The World Was Not Ready For The Dress She Wore StyleBistro How real estate professionals create cities for millennials The Business Journals with Esri 5 Things Car Salesmen Don't Want You To Know Women's Article Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Flipkart launches own ad platform with 50 brands Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software Apple to launch new iPhone, iPad in March: Report Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Up to 90% discounts on offer at Flipkart's 'Big 10 Sale', iPhone 7 at 'lowest price ever’ tomorrow Understanding Input Tax Credit in GST and why it may have drastic impact on companies Companies will have to declare job creation estimates to avail benefits under Startup India Vani Kola resigns from Snapdeal board Snapdeal-Flipkart deal may leave staff richer by Rs 193 crore More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebDD vs RCB|RERA Amazon Sale|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 15 May 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 15 May 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   iPhone 8 might cost you as much as a MacBook Share Tweet iPhone 8 might cost you as much as a MacBook The 10th annive­rsary editio­n is expect­ed to featur­e new hardwa­re and a revamp­ed design­ By Tech Desk Published: May 14, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email The 10 anniversary iPhone is expected feature new hardware and a revamped design. PHOTO: REUTERS Technology giant Apple is expected to launch three new smartphones in September this year, and the best one may cost as much as a MacBook. A report by Goldman Sachs suggests that the new 10th anniversary edition iPhone may cost a staggering $1,000 for the base model. “We expect the iPhone 8 to have 128GB and 256GB models priced at $999 and $1,099, respectively,” analyst Simona Jankowski and her team told their clients in a note seen by Business Insider. The base model of the upcoming flagship device will then cost $130 more than the most expensive iPhone currently available. The company is also expected to release an updated version of the current models, i.e. the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus, which would cost $649 and $769 respectively. Is this what the iPhone 8 may look like? Rumours regarding the release date of the iPhone 8 have been contradictory so far; however, Jankowski believes the iPhone 8 is happening. “Apple usually explores multiple designs in parallel. However, with only four months left until launch, we believe Apple has now locked down the design.” The upcoming 10th anniversary edition of the iPhone is expected to pack completely new hardware and feature a revamped design, which will push the price up. The upgrades include a 5.8-inch OLED screen with bezel-less curved display, similar to what we saw on the Galaxy S8. Besides, she said, we can also expect a faster A11 processor with a home button and fingerprint scanner integrated into the phone’s display. Read more: Apple , iPhone , smartphones Recommended Stories These 40 second videos can make you an iPhone camera wiz Videos focus on particular genres such as portrait mode or shooting panoramas WhatsApp just added cool features for iPhone users iOS users will now be able to ask Apple’s digital assistant Siri to read out their latest WhatsApp messages to them Apple unveils updated iPad at lowest-ever price New model starts at 32 GB of storage and replaces iPad Air 2 Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Mawra Hocane or Parineeti Chopra: Who wore this lace top better? 2 Mustafa Kamal released after brief detention in Karachi 3 Lahore Zoo's darling Suzi dies at 31 4 Here's how Kareena Kapoor is helping Soha Ali Khan during her pregnancy 5 Bakhtawar criticises law forbidding public eating during Ramazan, says 'this is not Islam' 6 China to invest $50b to develop Indus River Cascade 7 People who smoke, eat openly during Ramazan face 3-month imprisonment 8 iPhone 8 might cost you as much as a MacBook 9 India skips China's Silk Road summit, warns of 'unsustainable' debt 10 These latest pictures of Kareena Kapoor Khan prove she's the reigning begum of Bollywood Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) More in TechnologyBusinesses brace for Monday as ransomware threat lingers © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Internet Internet News Flipkart Big 10 Sale Begins, Promises ‘Lowest Price Ever’ on iPhone 7  Gadgets 360 Staff, 14 May 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Flipkart sale starts May 14 and ends May 18 Lowest price on iPhone 7, deep discounts on iPhone 6s, iPhone 5s promised The sale will also provide discounts on laptops, tablets, speakers etc. Flipkart has kick started its 4-day-long Big 10 Sale, with Day 1 offers on categories such as TVs & appliances, fashion & lifestyle, and home & furniture. If it is a smartphone, laptop, or speakers that you want, you will have to wait a day, as the Flipkart Big 10 Sale offers on mobile phones and other electronics will kick off tomorrow. The country’s biggest e-commerce marketplace will also be providing instant discounts and cashbacks on the certain payment modes. Plus there’s the Bid and Win offer that provides you the opportunity to bid for goods at “lowest-unique” prices. Here’s a look at what Flipkart is offering in its sale: Flipkart sale offers on mobile phones In the Amazon sale, iPhone 7 is available at Rs. 43,999, with additional exchange discount and cash back, but Flipkart promises to better the deal. While not mentioning the price explicitly, the e-commerce platform says it will offer “the lowest price ever” on the Apple flagship - so you are best advised to wait and see what Flipkart has to offer. Other Apple models, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, and iPhone 5s, will also be selling at “the deepest discounts” in the Flipkart sale. Google Pixel will also be selling at Rs. 34,999, down Rs. 22,001 from its launch price of Rs. 57,000. The “biggest” Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale will be held on May 15, Monday as well, says Flipkart. Among Moto phones, the Moto G5 Plus with 4GB RAM will be sold for Rs. 14,999 (Rs. 1,000 flat discount, Rs. 1,000 exchange cashback) against its MRP of Rs. 16,999, while Moto E3 Power will be available for Rs. 6,999, a Rs. 1,000 discount. Moto G Turbo Edition will be up for grabs at Rs. 6,999 (flat Rs. 5,500 off), while Moto M can be purchased for Rs. 13,999 (MRP Rs. 15,999) in the Flipkart sale. Samsung Galaxy On5 (Rs. 8,390), Galaxy On7 (MRP Rs.8,490), Galaxy J5 (2016) (Rs. 10,990), and Galaxy On Nxt 64GB (MRP Rs. 16,900) will be available for Rs. 6,490, Rs. 7,499, Rs. 9,990, and Rs. 14,900 in the sale. The second day of the Flipkart sale will also be the launch pad for Panasonic P85, Panasonic Eluga Ray, and Sansui Horizon 2 smartphones. You can check out the complete list of other smartphone offers announced by the Flipkart. For smartphones on sale, Flipkart is offering the Buyback Guarantee programme, under which the company promises customers to enjoy a fixed discount rate when exchanging that smartphone within a certain period (6-8 months / 9-12 months); enrolling in the programme costs Rs. 399.  Flipkart offers on laptops, iPads, speakers, and more On the second day of the Flipkart sale, electronics will be available at up to 40 percent discounts, no-cost EMIs, and exchange offers. Intel Core i3 laptops will be available at starting price of Rs. 20,990, while i5 laptops will start at Rs. 37,990. There will be discounts and no-cost EMIs on iPads, exchange offer on Lenovo Phab 2, and flat discount on the Yoga Tab 3. JBL speakers, Sennheisser earphones, and DSLRs by Canon and Nikon will also be up for grabs at discounted prices, as well as similar offers on other products. Buyers in the Flipkart sale will get 10 percent instant discount on purchases made using HDFC credit cards (minimum purchase amount Rs. 6,499, maximum discount Rs. 1,500), while transactions made via the PhonePe platform will get 30 percent cashback (maximum cashback of Rs. 300). Those make purchases of Rs. 2,000 or more will get MakeMyTrip Hotels Gift Card worth Rs. 2,500, and top 10 shoppers who buy three or more products in an hour will win Rs. 500. There's another offer in which Flipkart will give customers who send wishes for its tenth anniversary gift cards worth up to Rs. 10,000; the winners of this contest will be announced on May 22. The top 20 shoppers in the sale period will win a trip abroad. The Bid and Win offer is also present in the Flipkart sale, and provides users the chance to make bids on certain products; the bid with unique and lowest amount will win, and the customer will have up to 48 hours to complete the purchase. See our primer on how the Bid and Win offer works. Flipkart’s Big 10 Sale, which marks a decade of the company being in operation, starts on the last of the Amazon Great Indian Sale, meaning back-to-back sales for consumers. The Flipkart sale will end on May 18. For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Tags: Flipkart, Flipkart sale, Flipkart Big 10 Sale, iPhone 7, Google Pixel, Flipkart Deals, Flipkart Discounts Flipkart Big 10 Sale Day 1 Offers: Apple Watch, TVs, Google Chromecast 2, and More Deals WannaCry Ransomware: World Braces for More Cyber-Attacks as Work Week Begins Flipkart Big 10 Sale Begins, Promises ‘Lowest Price Ever’ on iPhone 7     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Z4 Panasonic P85 Panasonic Eluga Ray Karbonn Aura 4G Sansui Horizon 2 ZTE Blade X Max Intex Aqua Crystal Plus Micromax Canvas 2 (2017) Asus ZenFone Go 5.5 (ZB552KL) Ziox Astra Colors 4G Coolpad Cool Play 6 Zen Admire Joy Intex Aqua A4 OnePlus 5 Oppo F3 Unihertz Jelly Smartron srt.phone Zopo Color M5 Videocon Krypton 22 Asus ZenFone Zoom S Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Xiaomi Mi 6 Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Xiaomi Redmi 4X Apple iPhone 6 OnePlus 5 Gadgets 360 Hindi फ्लिपकार्ट सेलः इन स्मार्टफोन पर है बंपर छूट, और भी हैं ऑफर शाओमी रेडमी 3एस ने बनाया एक अनोखा कीर्तिमान जियोफाइबर ऑफरः 100 एमबीपीएस की स्पीड से 100 जीबी डेटा मुफ्त Latest Videos 02:58 Nokia Phones Likely to Arrive in India in June, Flipkart BuyBack Guarantee, and More 02:32 Daily 360: Xiaomi Redmi 4 and Micromax Canvas 2 (2017) Launch Details and More 03:51 Samsung Galaxy S8 Gaming Performance Review 02:37 The Best Keyboard App for Android and iPhone 02:35 Honor 8 Lite First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Google Pixel Now With Rs. 13,000 Cashback but Is It Worth It? Gopal Sathe Amazon's Fire TV Stick is here, but the Indian Apps Just Don't Seem Ready Akhil Arora When You're Facebook, You're Never Late to the Game Advertisement Advertisement Recent Snapdeal-Flipkart Deal May Leave Staff Richer by Rs. 193 Crores Nintendo to Release The Legend of Zelda for Android and iOS: Report You May Soon Need to Answer Questions to Join a Facebook Group Supreme Court Constitution Bench to Hear WhatsApp User Data Case Today Flipkart Sale Day 2 Offers: Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Vivo V5 Plus, and More Moto's Entire Smartphone Lineup for 2017 Gets Leaked, With Few Surprises CERT-In Issues Red Alert Over WannaCry Ransomware Cyber-Attack What Is WannaCry, and Everything Else You Need to Know About It Netflix No Longer Officially Available on Rooted Android Devices Apple Buys AI Firm Lattice Data, Reportedly for Nearly $200 Million More News TRENDING What Is WannaCry, and Everything Else You Need to Know About It Flipkart Sale Day 2 Offers: Xiaomi Redmi Note 4, Vivo V5 Plus, and More Flipkart Sale: iPhone 7, Moto G5 Plus, Google Pixel, and Other Best Deals Jio Broadband Tests, Amazon and Flipkart Sales, and More News This Week Moto's Entire Smartphone Lineup for 2017 Gets Leaked, With Few Surprises World Braces for More Ransomware Cyber-Attacks as Work Week Begins Panasonic Eluga Ray, P85 With 4000mAh Battery Launched in India Netflix No Longer Officially Available on Rooted Android Devices Moto G5 Plus Review Microsoft Slams US Government's Practice of Hoarding Vulnerabilities Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Meet takes off without India, Xi Jinping says no harm to stability Violence across Bengal civic polls, Congress, BJP pull out Sofa, AC installed for Yogi Adityanath's visit to martyr’s family, removed after he left Pakistan army note hints at worry about India’s LoC response Banking consolidation 2nd wave: FinMin sees room for 3-4 more PSB mergers Home Technology Gadgets Apple WWDC 2017: New 10.5-inch iPad Pro expected, says report Apple WWDC 2017: New 10.5-inch iPad Pro expected, says report Apple's new iPad Pro 10.5-inch variant is said to feature the same specs as the 9.7-inch model except the bezels will be thinner thanks to a wider display. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Published:May 14, 2017 12:42 pm Apple’s new iPad Pro 10.5-inch variant is said to feature the same specs as the 9.7-inch model except the bezels will be thinner thanks to a wider display. Apple could unveil its 10.5-inch iPad Pro at company’s annual WorldWide Developers Conference, scheduled to take place from June 5 to June 9 in San Jose. According to Ming-Chi Kuo (via MacRumors), is is highly likely the Cupertino technology giant will announce the new iPad Pro this year given the timing of ramp up in production at the end of this quarter. Further, the new iPad Pro 10.5-inch variant is said to feature the same specifications as the 9.7-inch model except the bezels will be thinner thanks to a wider display. “We forecast 10.5” iPad shipments of 5.0-6.0mn units in 2017F, accounting for 15% of total 2017F iPad shipments,” reads a report in MacRumors. At WWDC, Apple is expected to showcase its smart speaker as well. The device will reportedly have features similar to its competitors – Amazon Echo and Google Home – but could be priced above the two. The highlight of Apple’s Siri-powered smart speaker will be a touch panel display, details of which are unclear at this point. Kuo had earlier said Apple’s new speaker will have multiple tweeters, a woofer and computing power comparable to an “iPhone 6 or 6s”, according to Business Insider. The speaker is expected to allow users to stream music and control Internet of Things (IoT) around their homes. Apple will begin the five-day conference with a keynote on the first day of WWDC, where updates to the iOS ecosystem are likely to be announced. Apple is widely expected to announce new versions of iOS, macOS, tvOS and watchOS platforms as well. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple No Comments. Best of Express Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: Public hearings at ICJ today, India confident of trumping Pakistan Opinion: Why India is not part of the Belt and Road Initiative summit Uttar Pradesh Assembly: Opposition disrupts Governor's address, protests against law and order situation OpinionRecognising Muslim communities as religious-cultural minorities cannot be called appeasement OpinionExtravagant job-creation programmes in US may not be best use of Infosys’ scarce resources Must Read SportsRCB taste a wooden-spoonful of consolation SportsRising Pune Supergiant take a giant leap SportsUP cops zero in on IPL betting racket ‘kingpin’ TechnologyFlipkart's Big 10 sale: Redmi Note 4, Apple iPhone 7, Moto G5 Plus and other deals TechnologyWannaCry ransomware attack: Here is how to save your PC, and what to do if you are affected TechnologyWannaCry ransomware: Everything to know about the global cyberattack LifestylePriyanka Chopra shimmers in blue at Baywatch world premiere in Miami May 15: Latest News La Liga: Real Madrid, Barcelona pick 4-1 wins to set up final day title showdown Madhya Pradesh: Three killed, 42 injured as bus topples in Dindori A glass of beetroot juice could lower BP, heart attack risk Drake takes Irish model Ava Van Rose on Boy Meets World tour for six weeks Drinking alcohol does not change your personality as much you feel                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Trump, Nixon, and the Economy Trump firing Comey may remind many of Watergate. But inflation and unemployment are low, and there’s no specter of stagflation. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Updated May 13, 2017 1:01 a.m. ET History doesn’t repeat, and maybe it doesn’t even rhyme, but echoes of October 1973 were heard last week. The firing of former Federal Bureau of Investigation head James Comey may not equate to the dismissal of Watergate special prosecutor Archibald Cox in the infamous Saturday Night Massacre. But President Donald Trump seemed to do his... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Time to Buy Emerging Markets Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Streetwise The Roller-Coaster Ride in Energy Stocks Is Far from Over Expect volatility in energy prices as the May 25 OPEC meeting draws closer. Are lower prices ahead? By Kopin Tan Biography Updated May 13, 2017 1:03 a.m. ET Who says the world’s scariest roller coaster is Kingda Ka, or Millennium Force at Cedar Point—or Tiger Woods’ career? For investors, the answer lately is energy stocks, which climbed 24% last year to become 2016’s hottest sector, only to slide 10% this year in a rising market that’s going ga-ga over global growth. The fuel driving energy stocks is, of course, crude oil (how did you guess?), and lately, crude oil is behaving in ways that quicken the pulse. After falling 15% this year, Brent crude oil has rebounded 5% in... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Time to Buy Emerging Markets Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Top Income Stocks In Energy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About Articles I’ve Written Awards I’ve Received How To Subscribe To This Blog By Email Or RSS My Best of series My Favorite Posts My In Practice Posts Subscribe to a Free Monthly Newsletter Websites of the Month Websites Of The Year Contact Me Most Popular Blog Posts Larry Ferlazzo’s English Website Larry Ferlazzo’s Websites of the Day… …For Teaching ELL, ESL, & EFL The Twenty-Five Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education In 2017 – So Far May 13, 2017 by Larry Ferlazzo | 0 comments As regular readers know, it’s time for me to begin posting my mid-year “The Best….” lists. There are over 1,700 regularly updated lists now.  You can see them all here. As usual, in order to make this list, a site had to be: * accessible to English Language Learners and non-tech savvy users. * free-of-charge. * appropriate for classroom use. * completely browser-based with no download required (however, I’ve begun to make exceptions for special mobile apps). It’s possible that a few of these sites began earlier than this year, but, if so, I’m including them in this list because they were “new to me” in 2017. You might want to visit previous editions, as well as The “All-Time” Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education; The “All-Time” Best Ways To Create Online Content Easily & Quickly and The “All-Time” Best 2.0 Tools For Beginning English Language Learners. The Fifty Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education In 2016 The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education In 2015 The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education In 2014 The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education In 2013 The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education In 2012 The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education In 2011 The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education — 2010 The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education — 2009 The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education — 2008 The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education — 2007 I don’t rank my mid-year lists, but do place them in order of preference in my end-of-year lists. Just because a tool is on this mid-year list does not mean it will make the cut for the year-end version. Feel free to let me know if you think I’m leaving any tools out. Here are my twenty-five choices for The Best Web 2.0 Applications For Education In 2017- So Far (not ranked in any order): Publishthis.email lets you create a website via email.  You can read more about it at Richard Byrne’s site.  I’m adding it to A Few Simple Ways To Introduce Reluctant Colleagues To Technology. Quiznetic is a Kahoot-like tool that lets you create learning games in various racing forms. Students can then “race” each other in answering the questions and see their positions. It appears to be free, and seems simple to use. Google unveiled AutoDraw, a free site that uses artificial intelligence that provides a series of guesses about what you are drawing. You can choose the right “guess” to pretty-up your artistic creation, write up some description, and then download it or share the link. The image above is an example. This is perfect for English Language Learners – instead of spending tons of time getting their drawing “just right,” they can, instead, have fun drawing quickly and spend more time on the language part of the exercise. And it’s great for ESL teachers, too – no more working hard trying to draw images of scenes for vocabulary items to support language acquisition. Now just draw a few lines, project it onto the screen, and you’ll be able to show a masterpiece. I’m adding this info to The Best Art Websites For Learning English. Apple released a neat new free app called Clips. You can read a very good – and detailed – explanation of its features at TechCrunch. It’s billed as a video-editing tool, and it seems like an excellent and simple one. I’m always on the look-out for one of those since I have my IB Theory of Knowledge students periodically make videos, so Clips definitely gets added to the Not The “Best,” But A List… Of Online Video Editors list. But it’s much more than just a video-editor.  It has the “stop-action” ability of Instagram video (press to video, stop, press again), it provides flowing text you want to display by recognizing the words you say (a particularly useful tool for English Language Learners) and, even though it’s an Apple product, it’s easy to share videos to whatever platform you want to use. So, because of those features and others, I’m also adding it to The Best Resources For Learning To Use The Video Apps “Vine” & Instagram. Erasures lets you create a version of “Blackout Poetry” online. You can learn more about Blackout Poetry here. Loopy lets you create interactive simulations – just by drawing. This is how they describe themselves: It’s the ancient, time-honored way of learning: messing around and seeing what happens. Play with simulations to ask “what if” questions, and get an intuition for how the system works! Raw code is too inaccessible. Also drag-and-drop is too mainstream. But with LOOPY, you can model systems by simply drawing circles & arrows, like a wee baby I don’t quite get it, but my post about it was quite popular, so apparently a lot of readers do…. StoryShares lets teachers create virtual classrooms for free and offers a collection of books that students can read. Even better, there’s an option that provides audio of the text in a pleasing-to-the-ear-voice. The best part of the site, though, is that students can also write and publish their own books to share. I’m adding it to The Best Sites Where Students Can Work Independently & Let Teachers Check On Progress. SlideBot lets you type the text you want to appear in each slide and then uses its software to design your slideshow in seconds. It’s pretty neat, and they’ve just unveiled a free education version. Unfortunately, if you want to be able to export it or use it in full-screen mode, it will cost $15. Those restrictions might make its use in education somewhat limited. However, I could also see some pretty major advantages, including eliminating the extensive time that some students spend on slide design. In addition, having students use SlideBot even a few times could be a good learning experience about good design of slides – its software appears pretty powerful based on my testing it out. I’m going to purchase the $15 dollar license for myself because it seems to create slideshows that are a hell of a lot better looking than the ones I create manually. In many ways, it’s a non-animated version of “My Simple Slideshow,” which automatically creates animations from text (see Wow – “My Simple Show” Is An Extraordinary Tool For Creating Free Video “Explainers”). I’m adding this info to The Best Ways To Create Online Slideshows. Verse lets you create interactive videos. I’m adding it to A Potpourri Of The Best & Most Useful Video Sites. Story Friend is a new iPhone app that may have potential.  It lets you create slideshows (like a zillion other apps).  However, this one lets you include content from other social media accounts, too – sort of a like a mobile Storify tool. Dotstorming is an online collaborative tool that allows groups to work together and vote on preferences. It’s like a bunch of other similar tools, though this one stands out because it lets you easily search for and post images.  I’m adding it to The Best Online Tools For Real-Time Collaboration. PortfolioGen lets students easily create online portfolios of their work.  I’m adding it to The Best Resources For Developing Student Portfolios. Anchor is an easy tool for creating podcasts.  You can read more about it at Richard Byrne’s blog.  I’m adding it to The Best Sites To Practice Speaking English. QuizPedia lets you – or students – easily create…quizzes. You can learn more about it from Ed Tech For Beginners. I’m adding it to The Best Ways To Create Online Tests. Sketchboard is an online whiteboard where users can draw collaboratively. I’m adding it to The Best Online Tools For Real-Time Collaboration. Chart Accent lets you create charts and then annotate them. Thanks to Flowing Data for the tip. Pinup is the latest addition to The Best Online Virtual “Corkboards” (or “Bulletin Boards”). Qzzr looks like a fun place for students to create online quizzes.  I learned about it from Creative Language Class and am adding it to The Best Ways To Create Online Tests. Stormboard, which is free for educators at least through July, 2017, is a nice new collaborative online “corkboard/bulletin board” where you can share “stickies,” including photos, videos and text. I’m adding it to the very popular The Best Online Virtual “Corkboards” (or “Bulletin Boards”). I’ve written some past posts about the work of Philip Tetlock (Quote Of The Day: “beliefs are hypotheses to be tested…” and The Best Resources On The Importance Of Knowing What You Don’t Know).  He’s particularly known for his work in developing a science of “forecasting.” He recently unveiled a site called Good Judgment where users can forecast an answer to a question and, when and if the action takes place, is “scored” on their forecasting ability.  Users make a prediction, then share their reasoning, and you can link directly to individual’s forecasts. This seems to me to be an excellent way for students to write for an authentic audience, which is why I’m adding it to The Best Places Where Students Can Write For An “Authentic Audience” Recap is a new tool designed to have students create short videos highlighting their reflections on the learning they’re doing in the classroom. I’m adding it to A Potpourri Of The Best & Most Useful Video Sites. StepMap looks like a decent map-making site. I’m adding it to The Best Map-Making Sites On The Web. Animaker looks like a pretty simple tool for creating online animations. It has lots of premium features, but you can make five for free. I’m adding it to The Best Ways For Students To Create Online Animations. Telegra.ph lets your create a webpage without having to register.  You can read more about it at Richard Byrne’s blog.  It’s similar to a number of other sites, including Loose Leaves, Just Paste It, and Instablogg. Web Whiteboard is a nice online collaborative..whiteboard. You can read more details at Richard Byrne’s blog. I’m adding it to The Best Online Tools For Real-Time Collaboration. Google Sites opened its new version to the public for creating websites.You can read all about it at TechCrunch. I’m adding it to The Best Ways For Students Or Teachers To Create A Website. Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Pinterest LinkedIn More Reddit Tumblr Pocket Related Categories: best of the year, web 2.0 | Permalink Author: Larry Ferlazzo I'm a high school teacher in Sacramento, CA. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Required fields are marked *. Message * Name * Email * Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail ← Previous Post Next Post → Thanks for dropping past my Blog! I'm Larry Ferlazzo and here you will catch me talking about websites that will help you teach ELL, ESL and EFL! Read This Info! How to Subscribe To This Blog By RSS or Email How to Subscribe To my Free Monthly Newsletter My Websites of The Month My Websites of The Year My Best of Series! My Favorite Posts! Articles I've Written! Awards I've Received My In Practice Posts! All My “The Best” Lists Subscribe! RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Delicious Most popular posts Big Meta-Analysis Says Four Teaching Strategies Are Most Effective For Low-Income Students Guest Post: What ELLs Taught Our School In A Week-Long Empathy Project The Best Websites For Creating Online Learning Games "Quiznetic" Lets Teachers Create - & Students Play - Online Racing Games For Learning The Best Popular Movies/TV Shows For ESL/EFL (& How To Use Them) The Best Resources For Helping Teachers Use Bloom's Taxonomy In The Classroom Six New Videos Teaching Bloom's Taxonomy In Creative Ways The Best Resources On The Cassini Spacecraft The Best Sites For Learning About The World's Different Cultures The Best Online Virtual "Corkboards" (or "Bulletin Boards") Blogroll Alice Mercer Center For Teaching Quality Class Blog — World History Class Blog: Beginner & Intermediate ELD Class Blog: ESL/EFL Student Showcase Class Blog: Intermediate ELD Class Blog: Ninth Grade English 2012 Class Blog: Theory of Knowledge Class Blog: U.S. History Cult Of Pedagogy David Deubelbeiss EFL Classroom 2.0 Engaging Parents In School Free Technology For Teachers Learning the Language Michelle Henry Middleweb NEPC's "Best of the Ed Blogs" TeachMoore The Edublogger This Week In Education Favorite Links “Words To Live By” — Sacramento Bee Story On Our Home Computer Family Literacy Project "Burbank Students Use Blog To Learn English" — Sacramento Bee Story On Our International Sister Classes Project ELL/ESL/EFL Blog Carnival Larry Ferlazzo’s English Website Favorite Posts My Best Posts Over The Years Follow this blog Follow @Larryferlazzo Our new book on ELLs & The Common Core My Latest Book On Student Motivation "Building A Community Of Self-Motivated Learners: Strategies To Help Students Thrive In School and Beyond" was published in 2015 by Routledge My Classroom Management Book "Classroom Management Q&As: Expert Strategies for Teaching" is an edited compilation from my Ed Week teacher advice column, along with new materials. My Second Book On Student Motivation! "Self-Driven Learning: Teaching Strategies for Student Motivation" is a sequel to "Helping Students Motivate Themselves" My Second Book On Teaching ELLs My book, "The ESL/ELL Teacher's Survival Guide: Ready-to-Use Strategies, Tools, and Activities for Teaching English Language Learners of All Levels," (co-authored by Katie Hull Sypnieski) was published in the Summer of 2012 You can find out more about it here, including accessing free excerpts and resources. My Book On Student Motivation "Helping Students Motivate Themselves: Practical Answers To Classroom Problems," was published in the Spring of 2011. You can read many free excerpts to it here Look for its sequel in early 2013! My Book On Teaching English Language Learners My book, "English Language Learners: Teaching Strategies That Work," was published by Linworth Publishing in April, 2010. You can read an excerpt here and learn how to order it. My Parent Engagement Book Subscribe By Email Enter your Email Preview | Powered by FeedBlitz Student Motivation Video My “Transfer of Learning” Video ELLs Are A Gift Archives Archives Select Month May 2017  (74) April 2017  (180) March 2017  (151) February 2017  (159) January 2017  (165) December 2016  (189) November 2016  (184) October 2016  (192) September 2016  (180) August 2016  (217) July 2016  (178) June 2016  (183) May 2016  (166) April 2016  (168) March 2016  (192) February 2016  (179) January 2016  (180) December 2015  (198) November 2015  (158) October 2015  (177) September 2015  (166) August 2015  (168) July 2015  (176) June 2015  (186) May 2015  (146) April 2015  (177) March 2015  (167) February 2015  (161) January 2015  (192) December 2014  (183) November 2014  (165) October 2014  (171) September 2014  (152) August 2014  (174) July 2014  (175) June 2014  (139) May 2014  (140) April 2014  (165) March 2014  (167) February 2014  (167) January 2014  (198) December 2013  (198) November 2013  (185) October 2013  (173) September 2013  (172) August 2013  (182) July 2013  (195) June 2013  (207) May 2013  (211) April 2013  (164) March 2013  (200) February 2013  (165) January 2013  (179) December 2012  (196) November 2012  (161) October 2012  (168) September 2012  (178) August 2012  (179) July 2012  (203) June 2012  (176) May 2012  (162) April 2012  (180) March 2012  (163) February 2012  (160) January 2012  (153) December 2011  (141) November 2011  (141) October 2011  (140) September 2011  (132) August 2011  (143) July 2011  (143) June 2011  (143) May 2011  (158) April 2011  (174) March 2011  (206) February 2011  (209) January 2011  (235) December 2010  (233) November 2010  (218) October 2010  (238) September 2010  (201) August 2010  (224) July 2010  (188) June 2010  (163) May 2010  (229) April 2010  (232) March 2010  (228) February 2010  (167) January 2010  (170) December 2009  (160) November 2009  (127) October 2009  (147) September 2009  (175) August 2009  (169) July 2009  (174) June 2009  (173) May 2009  (194) April 2009  (209) March 2009  (179) February 2009  (181) January 2009  (193) December 2008  (203) November 2008  (199) October 2008  (179) September 2008  (136) August 2008  (138) July 2008  (106) June 2008  (117) May 2008  (104) April 2008  (110) March 2008  (89) February 2008  (82) January 2008  (134) December 2007  (123) November 2007  (114) October 2007  (110) September 2007  (84) August 2007  (70) July 2007  (53) June 2007  (61) May 2007  (63) April 2007  (68) March 2007  (37) February 2007  (3) 0  (1) CategoriesCategories Select Category a look back  (213) a look back compilations  (3) best of the year  (1,711) best tweets  (296) bilingual  (36) blogs  (664) book reviews  (1) British Council  (16) classroom practice  (488) dictionaries  (25) ed tech digest  (35) Ed Week Teacher  (804) ESL Carnival  (45) ESL Web  (222) geography  (250) grammar  (45) health  (185) hot spot interviews  (18) humor  (1) infographic  (87) infographics  (66) instruction  (158) Intermediate English  (212) interviews  (40) learning games  (581) lessons  (3) links I should posted  (154) listening  (167) math  (108) monthly best lists  (97) monthly updated lists  (292) most popular posts  (191) music and art  (274) nytimes  (69) photo galleries  (49) pins of the week  (24) podcast  (138) popular site lists  (98) Post Rank  (37) quote  (237) reading  (775) research studies  (547) school reform  (1,949) science  (877) search engines  (104) SEL Update  (41) social studies  (4,639) statistic  (92) subscribing to this blog  (3) talking  (234) teacher resources  (4,206) technology  (567) TOK  (382) top ten list  (126) twitter  (76) Uncategorized  (583) updated list compilations  (16) video  (2,004) viral marketing  (47) vocabulary  (256) web 2.0  (1,842) what do you do when  (15) writing  (618) Website With 8,000 Links Larry Ferlazzo, Teacher Visit My Other Blog: Engaging Parents In School Larry Ferlazzo, Teacher My Education Week Teacher Blog My posts for Classroom Q & A with Larry Ferlazzo at Education Week Teacher. My NY Times Posts Check out my education posts for the New York Times My Posts at Edutopia Check out my posts for Edutopia My “Teaching English” British Council Posts My Amazon Author’s Page My BAM! Radio Show Awards Recent Comments Sharon Spann on Big Meta-Analysis Says Four Teaching Strategies Are Most Effective For Low-Income Students Vance lipe on Video: “Michelle Obama comments on school lunch changes” Larry Ferlazzo on The Best Sources Of Advice On How To Get A Teaching Job Lisa HInkle on The Best Sources Of Advice On How To Get A Teaching Job Bulent Keskin on Video: “The Native American Code Talkers Who Helped Win WWI” ClustrMap Tweets by @Larryferlazzo Visit Larry Ferlazzo's profile on Pinterest. Google Translate — Translate this Page into Another Language! 2014 Edublog Awards Finalist 2014 Edublog Awards Finalist 2014 Edublog Awards Finalist Finalist For Best Individual Blog Copyright © 2017 | Theme: Yoko by Elmastudio Hosted by Edublogs Top Powered by WordPress | Hosted by Edublogs | Protected by CloudFlare Skip to toolbar Edublogs Home Help and Support The Edublogger Community Get A Blog! Log in Search
TRENDING CES 2017 Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS iPhone 8 Leak ‘Confirms’ Apple’s Expensive Secret – Forbes Click On Roger Goodell To Support Great Video-Blog News Coverage At Zennie62.com Posted on May 13 2017 - 7:30pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as Business 38 Related Scientists have identified the 50-foot creature that washed up on an Indonesian beach – Washington Post Forbes The iPhone is changing. 2017 is the 10th anniversary of the iconic smartphone range and Apple AAPL +1.40% will celebrate with a radical new design and significant feature upgrades. But the downside to all these changes is becoming ever clearer… Apple’s iPhone 8 will be the most expensive iPhone the world has ever seenBGR Apple publishes ‘How to Shoot on iPhone 7’ video series to websiteAppleInsider (press release) (blog) iPhone 8 Price Point Predicted By Goldman SachsValueWalk Mac Rumors –Fortune –CNBC –ZDNet all 275 news articles …read more Source:: Business News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Las Vegas Stadium Authority Shares Parking Problem With NFL Oakland Raiders Warriors 113 Spurs 111 NBA Playoffs Historic WCF Game 1 - Livestream Kara McCullough Miss DC Is 2017 Miss USA Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege - Miss USA 2017 Warriors Beat Spurs 113-111 NBA Western Conf Finals Game 1 Happy Mother's Day Everyone Ben Shapiro Says Racist Things, Then Attacks Black Rapper For Calling Him Racist On Richard Spencer And Diversity "I Hear Echoes" Is Wrong Richard Spencer Is Racially Confused On American Race With Charles Barkley Oakland Raiders Ignoring Jobs For Blacks In Las Vegas NFL Stadium? Livestream Clark County Adds Parking Costs On Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium - Livestream Las Vegas Stadium Authority Meeting Update - Oakland Raiders Livestream http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple MacMall’s new sale slashes up to 30% off everything you can think of… except Macs Maren Estrada BGR News May 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The name “MacMall” obviously hearkens back to the retailer’s origins, when it primarily sold… you guessed it… Macs. Apple computers and other Apple products are still a core part of the company’s business, of course, and you’ll always find prices on Apple gear that are lower than what you would pay even if you buy directly from Apple. But MacMall has grown a lot in the past few years, and the company’s weekend-long sale on new arrivals is a perfect reminder of the wide range of products MacMall now sells. This weekend only, MacMall is slashing prices up to 30% on a wide range of new arrivals. From Chromebooks and Windows laptops to desktops, monitors, projectors, external hard drives, printers, headphones, tablets, VR headsets, Nest Cam bundles, software and everything in between, this big MacMall sale covers just about anything and everything you can think of. Well, except for Macs. Here are some examples of the deals you’ll find at MacMall right now: HP Inc. 15-ba053nr Laptop – 15.6″ Screen, AMD A10 Quad-Core 2.4GHz Processor, 8GB RAM, 1TB Hard Drive, Windows 10 Home – Refurbished: $329.99 HP Inc. Elitebook 2570P Intel Core i5-3320M 2.6GHz, 4GB RAM, 320GB, DVD, 12.5″ Display, Windows 10 Pro 64-bit – Refurbished: $219.99 Lenovo Thinkpad L440 Intel Core i5-4300M 2.6GHz, 4GB RAM, 180GB SSD, NO ODD, Gigabit Ethernet, 802.11 a/b/g/n, 1x USB 3.0, 3 x USB 2.0, GeForce GT 730M 1GB, 14″ Display, Win10 Pro 64 – Refurbished: $299.99 Dell XPS L321X Ultrabook Intel Core i5-2647M 1.6GHz, 4GB RAM, 128GB RAM SSD, NO ODD, 13.3″ Display, CAM, Win10 Pro 64 – Refurbished: $299.99 HP Inc. Elitebook 2560P Core i5-2520M 2.5GHz/4GB RAM/320G/DVD/12.5”/Win 10Pro 64 – Refurbished: $189.99 ViewSonic LightStream 3,300-Lumen WXGA Projector: $549.99 Seagate Technology Backup Plus 5TB Portable External Hard Drive USB 3.0 (Silver): $149.99 Seagate Technology Backup Plus 5TB Portable External Hard Drive USB 3.0 (Black): $139.99 Nest Labs Cam Outdoor Security Camera – 2 Pack: $349.99 Nest Labs Cam Indoor Security Camera – 3 Pack: $499.99 Lenovo N22 Chromebook 80SF – Celeron N3060 / 1.6 GHz – Chrome OS – 2 GB RAM – 16 GB eMMC – 11.6″ TN 1366 x 768 (HD) – HD Graphics 400 – Wi-Fi, Bluetooth – black: $175.46 Lenovo N22 Chromebook 80SF – Celeron N3060 / 1.6 GHz – Chrome OS – 4 GB RAM – 16 GB eMMC – 11.6″ TN 1366 x 768 (HD) – HD Graphics 400 – Wi-Fi, Bluetooth – black: $212.25 ASUS Chromebook C201PA-DS02-PW Rockchip Cortex A17 RK3288 Quad-core 1.80GHz Notebook PC – 4GB RAM, 16GB SSD, 11.6″ HD, 802.11ac – Pearl White: $216.54 ASRock Beebox-S 7100U Intel Core i3-7100U 2.40GHz, 802.11 ac + Bluetooth 4.0, HDMI, DisplayPort, USB 3.0: $303.99 Naxa Electronics 32″ 720p LED TV & Media Player: $214.98 Check out the full MacMall sale right here on the retailer’s website. Remember, these deals are only available through the end of the day on Sunday. Trending right now: Scientists finally have a decent guess as to why Earth exists Apple’s iPhone 8 will be the most expensive iPhone the world has ever seen T-Mobile’s latest smartphone deal is one of the best yet See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Businesses brace for Monday as ransomware threat lingers Reuters Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech The Latest: 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by cyberattack Associated Press Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Reuters The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Scientists finally have a decent guess as to why Earth exists BGR News
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac EagleFiler 1.7.6     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Media Creation | 10 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (12) 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library by Mike Matthews The ability to take beautiful photographs — and look at them immediately — on a device that fits in your pocket has removed much of the friction surrounding storing, organizing, and sharing your personal works of art. But this sea change in photography has created new issues, such as: Pictures are easier to take and retain. Your iPhone doesn’t swell like an overstuffed photo album if you keep all those blurry photos that would be better off consigned to the dustbin of history. Camera capabilities have improved steadily over time, radically increasing storage requirements. Did you ever think you’d be able to shoot high-definition video on something like an iPhone? Thanks to the increased space requirements of photos and videos, our iPhones and iPads, not to mention some Macs, can’t handle the size of our photo libraries. We want to access our photos and videos from any of our devices, at any time, and have any edits we make reflected everywhere. iCloud Photo Library is Apple’s solution to these issues. There are competing options, such as Google Photos, Lightroom mobile, Mylio, and Amazon Prime Photos (all explained in Jeff Carlson’s “Take Control of Your Digital Photos on a Mac”), but the idea behind all of them is basically the same: Provide more space to store our photos and videos in the cloud Allow us to access these photos and videos from any of our devices This cloud-based approach has a couple of welcome byproducts. Although it shouldn’t be seen as the backup, a cloud-based photo library certainly does provide another copy of everything in a location that’s safe from fire, flood, or theft. Also, sharing photos with family and friends becomes a bit easier. If you decide to use iCloud Photo Library, here are four things to think about before you flip that switch and turn it on. Cull Photos First… Or Not -- Many of the features of Apple’s Photos app — automatic albums like Selfies and Screenshots, facial recognition, Memories, and searching for photos by generic categories like Mountains or Snow — eliminate much of the tedium of organizing photos and help us avoid throwing things away. After all, why toss any photos when Photos can organize most of them automatically for later reference? It’s much more fun to keep shooting than to engage in the chore of trashing photos that, upon further review, you’d be ashamed to admit you took. How does this apply to iCloud Photo Library? If you have time now, you might want to delete unnecessary photos like the eight nearly identical photos I apparently just took of my sleeping cat (who, like most sleeping cats, didn’t move the entire time). That will reduce the upload and download times for iCloud. On the other hand, if you’re thinking that it would be way more fun to clean up your photo collection while lounging on the couch with your iPad in the future, just leave all the cruft in place for now — you can always trash it later. Start with the Host with the Most -- It may take quite a bit of time to upload all your photos and videos to your iCloud Photo Library: days or even weeks, depending on your upstream Internet speed and how many photos and videos you have. In my case, the vast majority of my several thousand photos and videos were stored on my Mac. Many were duplicated on my iPad and iPhone because I had manually synced them there at some point in the past. So I started with the Mac, and even with the library culling that I performed, it still took several days to finish. But there are plenty of people who have all or most of their photos on an iPhone or iPad, or maybe don’t even own a Mac. If you’re in that situation, start from the device that contains most of your photos and videos. Once that first upload is done, you can repeat the process with your other devices. Happily, to make sure you don’t chew through your monthly data limit uploading photos, iOS devices won’t upload to the iCloud Photo Library using a cellular connection, just via Wi-Fi. If you find your Mac or iOS device is getting bogged down, or your Internet connection has slowed considerably as a result of all the uploading, you can pause the upload. It will resume automatically after a day, or you can start it again manually before bed. On the Mac the Pause button is in Photos > Preferences > iCloud; in iOS look for it in Settings > Photos & Camera. Optimize Photos Where Appropriate -- iCloud Photo Library always stores your photos and videos in the cloud at their original full resolutions. But you likely don’t have enough space on your iPhone or iPad, or even possibly on a MacBook Air, to store all that data. That’s why Apple gives you the option to instead store “optimized” versions (small thumbnails) on any of your devices. When you want to work with an optimized photo, Photos downloads the original. Think carefully about where you store full-resolution and optimized versions of photos. I opted for optimized copies on my iPhone and iPad, but I chose to keep the full-resolution versions on my Mac. The Mac is where I tend to exercise my meager photo-editing skills, and I would prefer not to wait for each photo to download before I edit it. In addition, I back up my Mac both locally via Time Machine and via the online service Backblaze, which puts my full photo library in four different places — iCloud Photo Library, my Mac’s drive, my Time Machine backup drive, and Backblaze. Should disaster strike, I’m confident that I won’t lose any precious photos. Space Is Money -- My Photo Stream was Apple’s initial foray into syncing a limited number of user photos via the cloud, and the photos it syncs do not count against an iCloud account’s storage limits (it doesn’t even work with videos). In contrast, all the photos and videos in iCloud Photo Library do count against that storage limit. A free iCloud account gives you 5 GB to get started. But, particularly if you’re backing up an iOS device or two, a photo library of any decent size won’t come close to fitting in that space. Fortunately, Apple notifies you before you start uploading if your iCloud account needs more storage space, and you can buy additional iCloud storage at a relatively low cost: $0.99 per month for 50 GB, $2.99 for 200 GB, $9.99 for 1 TB, or $19.99 for 2 TB. In my case, I only needed to do a little bit of editing to whittle my photo library down so it was comfortably below the 50 GB mark, giving me some room for short-term growth and saving me a couple of bucks a month. For me, it wasn’t worth paying for the extra space up front with an eventual goal of taming the photo library later, especially since I hadn’t been especially motivated to do so for several years. In addition, there are three other members of my family with their own iCloud accounts, so walking the talk was a factor in my decision. That said, most people probably can’t drop their library size significantly enough to fit comfortably into a lower pricing tier. And remember, at 2–3 MB per iPhone photo, library size can grow quickly. Still, there’s no reason to pay more than necessary; Apple will happily tell you if you need to upgrade again in the future. Annoyingly, there’s no way to buy iCloud storage for a year at a time, so you’ll be getting and accounting for a small iCloud storage payment every month no matter what. Flip the Switch -- Once you’ve thought about these things and are ready to go, turn on iCloud Photo Library in Photos > Preferences > iCloud on the Mac, or in Settings > Photos & Camera in iOS. Then reward yourself with a favorite beverage, particularly if you’ve done any pruning of your photo library. While you wait for your photos to upload, which will take days or even weeks, you can still use your Mac or iOS device normally. Do not stare at the progress count or try to second-guess what’s happening. And in particular, do not turn iCloud Photo Library off and back on, since that will force the system to evaluate every photo again, slowing the process further. Just let it run and it will finish eventually. In the meantime, can I recommend a relaxing hobby that will get you away from the screen, like maybe photography?   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you’ve been thinking about turning on iCloud Photo Library so you can access all your photos from any Apple device, Mike Matthews has a few suggestions for things to consider beforehand. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment David campbell  2017-05-11 04:12 All of this is very good advice, but it is also important to remember later on if a friend or relative offers you photos of an event. Our son loaded a lot of high res photos of our grandson on his mother's computer not knowing we had iCould photo library turned on. Before we realized what was happening we burned through our monthly data cap in a week. Reply Cheesehead Dave  2017-05-11 11:21 I learned this the hard way. We took a trip to Disney and got the photo package where they give you full resolution files for all the character and ride photos that get taken for you over your trip. In the end, we had about 300 pictures. I downloaded them all and added them to iPhoto which then got to work re-uploading them to iCloud. My Mac was unusable for two days. Reply Lee  2017-05-11 13:43 I run into this all the time...I snap away knowing I'm only going to keep about one out of ten of the photos. So what I now do is to download from my DSLR not into Photos but using Image Capture. That gives me the opportunity to go through them with a quick once-over, delete the ones I'm not going to keep, and then import the rest into Photos. I don't have to make painstaking decisions...I can make those later. Just get rid of the ones that at a glance I can get rid of. Reply Mike Matthews   2017-05-11 14:46 This is a good thing to remember (and monitor) *after* you turn on iCloud Photo Library. Reply Mike Matthews   2017-05-11 14:47 Good idea--reviewing via Image Capture, I mean. Reply Dave Edwards  2017-05-13 21:25 Image Capture, the unsung hero of Mac photo management. Reply Scott Rose  2017-05-11 12:29 The biggest problem with how Apple designed iCloud Photo Library is that even if you choose to optimize images, it still requires your device to show ALL THE THUMBNAIL IMAGES FOR ALL 100% OF YOUR IMAGES. Why? Because iCloud Photo Library always requires you to DISPLAY ALL 100% OF YOUR IMAGES ON EVERY DEVICE. You are NEVER allowed to show just a SUBSET of your images. Therefore, people with smaller capacity iPhones or iPads (such as 16 GB or 32 GB devices) WILL STILL RUN OUT OF SPACES ON THEIR DEVICES... even if they turn on optimize images. The ideal solution from Apple would be to let people store ALL 100% of their images in the cloud, but only display a subset of images on their devices. As it stands now, if you dare try to remove an image from your device, it gets deleted everywhere. Apple really needs to rethink this entire thing from the ground up. Reply Twisell  2017-05-11 12:54 BUT THUMBNAILS IMAGES ARE SMALL not like your CAPS LOCK Reply Charles Jacobs  2017-05-12 09:24 1. It gets better - if you took a picture yesterday that you want to share - boom - already a thumbnail - so if you are at a low bandwidth area SOL 2. He didn't use cap lock - he used caps - because he really was shouting. 3. Thumbnails are more problem than solution. Reply Michel Hedley  2017-05-11 20:50 Don't do it. Don't use iCloud to store images and vids. There are too many disaster stories that cannot be ignored. Apple has never 'got' cloud. It is disappointing that this story did not point out all the downsides using iCloud to store your digital images. Reply Simon   2017-05-13 11:49 I'm still using My Photo Stream. It allows me to easily get photos from my iPhone to my Mac, but it doesn't interfere with originals, it doesn't hog bandwidth, and it doesn't cost anything. On the Mac I then select, edit, and make albums that then get synced back to the iPhone and iPad. It's a barebones solution, but it's simple, free, and works most of the time - and when it doesn't it's because Apple doesn't get the cloud and there you're no better off with iCloud Photo Library. Reply James Katt  2017-05-13 19:45 iCloud Photo Library is useless to me because I have over 4TB of photos. I find it far more useful to store backups of my photos on Amazon Drive which has unlimited Storage for only $60 a year. I currently have 16 TB stored on my Amazon drive using Arq to do the backup. I upload photos also to Amazon Drive's photo folder so it can be accessible to all my devices. This includes backups from my iPhones. Again Amazon gives you unlimited storage. ODrive app will sync whatever folders you want on your Mac and Amazon drive. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you’ve been thinking about turning on iCloud Photo Library so you can access all your photos from any Apple device, Mike Matthews has a few suggestions for things to consider beforehand. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Mike Matthews TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out British Columbia LIVE Vancouver More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada BC Our Vancouver How modern medicine can improve options for motherhood 'There really is a fertility gender gap' says specialist Our Vancouver Posted: May 13, 2017 6:06 PM PT Last Updated: May 13, 2017 6:30 PM PT Fighting fertility issues with science 7:09 Related Stories 'Ladies, don't freeze your eggs:' Prof urges work-life balance instead Tax credit for fertility treatments expanded, made retroactive for 10 years Want to freeze your eggs? Here are some things to consider Facebook & Apple add egg freezing to employee benefit plans, spark controversy Canadian women are choosing motherhood later in life and the average age for a first pregnancy in Canada now hovers around 31 years old.  With an increase in age comes a greater potential for complications in getting pregnant and one in six Canadians experiences infertility.  Dr. Sonya Kashyap, medical director of Genesis Fertility Centre in Vancouver, said fertility is something women should keep in mind — before they attempt to get pregnant.  Kashyap talked to CBC's Our Vancouver host Gloria Macarenko about planning for motherhood with modern medicine and the necessity of thinking ahead.  "These days, we see many individuals and couples delaying their childbearing until later years," Kashyap said. "It takes longer to find a partner, it takes longer to complete your education, it takes longer to have a career and, certainly in Vancouver, it takes longer to find a house." Professional women are faced with career choices that men are not, Kashyap said, and it is harming their ability to become mothers when they decide to. "Women deserve to understand their reproductive options," she said. "Education about egg freezing is as important as contraceptive education when you think about family planning."  Egg freezing isn't a guarantee, says Sonya Kashyap, but it is the best option currently available. (Genesis Fertility Clinic) 'Fertility gender gap' Although 40 per cent of infertility in couples is on the male side, it is something that affects women more as they get older. "There really is a fertility gender gap," Kashyap said. "For women, our eggs are our age, whether that's 30, 35 or 40. For men, no matter what age they are, their sperm is two months old."  Older eggs mean a decline in the number and quality, reducing fertility and can result in an increased risk of miscarriage. Kashyap said freezing eggs at a younger age is a solution she hopes will change the perceptions about infertility.   Egg freezing's on the rise, but when's a good time do it? Access to tax credit for fertility treatments expanded in budget "We'd love to change the conversation and take 'infertility' out of the vocabulary and call it 'fertility' and egg freezing is a way to do that," she said.  Kashyap said freezing eggs won't necessarily solve infertility but it improves options for motherhood.  "It's not a guarantee but it is the best thing that we have to prolong or extend women's fertility until they are ready — whatever ready means." Anyone who has incurred expenses over the past 10 years for reproductive technologies such as in vitro fertilization can refile their taxes for that year and claim the deduction. (iStock) High treatment costs  Egg freezing involves an ovarian reserve assessment, an ultrasound, an antral follicle count and an egg extraction. The cost of the process can range from $7,000 to $10,000 and just the storage of an egg can cost several hundred dollars a year.  In Canada, the consults to the work-up are covered by medical plans, and the federal government has committed a tax credit to assist people who need to use assisted reproductive technologies.  Cost is just one factor though, Kashyap cautioned, and time is just as important to keep in mind. "Don't just freeze them and forget about them," she said. "Whatever the circumstances are, for sure, will be easier when you are younger."  She said there are always options but, with time, the options change.  Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Vancouver Mostly Cloudy 10°C Kelowna Cloudy 9°C Abbotsford Mostly Cloudy 10°C Prince George Cloudy 7°C Victoria Mainly Clear 7°C More Weather Latest British Columbia News Death of person found inside crashed car in Richmond deemed a homicide 'We haven't fully dodged this bullet': Cyberattack havoc could grow as work week begins read comments 'Whatever it takes to stop them:' Tsleil-Waututh hold water ceremony in opposition to Kinder Morgan 'They are pictures of a different time': Exhibit showcases pre-Expo Vancouver audio Coquihalla crash kills 1 man, RCMP asks drivers to heed conditions Top News Headlines 'The worst experience': Air Canada bumps man off flight, separating him from girlfriend West Texas oil boom threatens recovery in Canadian oilpatch read comments video Defence policy review to be released after Trudeau meets NATO allies in Brussels Why Syria's al-Qaeda affiliate is no longer on Canada's terror list North Korea says missile launch was to test carrying large nuclear warhead Most Viewed 'They are pictures of a different time': Exhibit showcases pre-Expo Vancouver Death of person found inside crashed car in Richmond deemed a homicide Christy Clark would still face tough road, even if seat flips in her favour 'Whatever it takes to stop them:' Tsleil-Waututh hold water ceremony in opposition to Kinder Morgan Coquihalla crash kills 1 man, RCMP asks drivers to heed conditions 2 arrested in stabbing outside Caprice nightclub, 3 sent to hospital Rescue crews suspend recovery mission for missing fire chief from flood-stricken B.C. Interior 2 B.C. ridings to get recounts following tight election race Scarce condo supply in Metro Vancouver squeezes would-be buyers from market Don't Miss Death of person found inside crashed car in Richmond deemed a homicide 'We haven't fully dodged this bullet': Cyberattack havoc could grow as work week begins Photos 'Whatever it takes to stop them:' Tsleil-Waututh hold water ceremony in opposition to Kinder Morgan Photos 'They are pictures of a different time': Exhibit showcases pre-Expo Vancouver Coquihalla crash kills 1 man, RCMP asks drivers to heed conditions How meditation can change your body's response to stress Rescue crews suspend recovery mission for missing fire chief from flood-stricken B.C. Interior Photos On the run with Mom: sons and daughters show gratitude at annual event Analysis Christy Clark would still face tough road, even if seat flips in her favour Cousins pay tribute to late grandmother with recipe-filled blog Outdoor Nanaimo dance project explores our connection to water Richmond, B.C. gardeners build urban butterfly highway OUR VANCOUVER Show your best side to Mom this Mother's Day Gertie — a 'dog with a cat personality' — hits the stage for Bard on the Beach New book reveals best places for B.C. birdwatching Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Apple Nears $1 Trillion Valuation; Here's The Story Of The Company First To Break The $1 Billion Mark Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 13, 2017 9:02pm   Comments Share: Related AAPL According To New Data, The Samsung S8 Is No 'iPhone Killer' Device Apple Quietly Acquired A Sleep Tracking App Futures Up: Apple Juices Rally; This Banking Giant Enters Buy Zone (Investor's Business Daily) IConic Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is approaching yet another milestone event. Apple's shares, which had a lackluster run in 2015, turned the corner in mid-2016 and began to trend broadly higher subsequently. The company's fiscal second-quarter earnings release gave further momentum to the rally and the stock's market capitalization shot above $800 billion for the first time ever. It took the stock a little over two years to add $100 billion to its market capitalization and scale the $800 billion mark. No mean feat, indeed. To put things in perspective: The valuation of Apple is now more than 45 of the 50 U.S. states, with only Illinois, Florida, New York, Texas and California boasting of economies of size bigger than Apple's valuation. Based on IMF's nominal GDP estimate for 2016, if Apple were a country and its market cap, GDP, it would have ranked 18 among the 191 nations the agency surveyed. Some Contributing Factors Apart from the strong market position, product appeal, solid fundamentals, the company's shares have also been beneficiaries of massive stock repurchases. From 6.61 billion in early 2013, the number of outstanding shares has fallen to 5.21 billion currently, a 21 percent drop over a timeframe of a little over four years. Source: Y Charts Billionaire investor Warren Buffett, for his part, has added fuel to Apple's recent rally by increasing his stake in the company in a big way. The 13D filing done by Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK-A) (NYSE: BRK-B) following the end of the fourth quarter of 2016 showed that it had nearly quadrupled its position in Apple. $1 Trillion Valuation In The Offing Given its product momentum, it wouldn't be a surprise if the stock quickly gallops toward the $1 trillion market cap mark in the near to medium term. Apple's much-hyped iPhone 8, its tenth-anniversary product, which is expected to be launched later this year, and its plunge into Augmented Reality, are considered to be catalysts that can expedite the stock's march towards the $1 trillion mark. Meanwhile, a Fortune article, quoting Barclays, said Apple might have serious competition in its race towards the $1 trillion mark, with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) being considered as a contender. Amazon is currently valued at only $455.16 million. Among the others in the fray are Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), with a market cap of $650.77 billion, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) ($536.62 million) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) ($433.95 million). The Original $1 Trillion Company Even as there is a scramble toward achieving $1 trillion market cap, Benzinga looked at United States Steel Corporation (NYSE: X), which was the first company ever to be capitalized at over $1 trillion. The history of the steel maker is a checkered one, and over the years, it has lost its shine and appeal and is currently looking a pale shadow of its old self. U.S. Steel now commands a paltry valuation of $24.75 billion. Source: Y Charts A Brief History U.S. Steel was founded in 1901, when John Piermont Morgan and Elbert Gary combined Andrew Carnegie's Carnegie Steel Company, Gary's Federal Steel Company and William Henry Judge Moore's National Steel Company. Morgan visualized establishing a steel behemoth and convinced Carnegie, whose steel company was then the biggest and most efficient producer of steel, to sell his company for $492 million in stocks and bonds of the new company. Though the company was valued at over $1 trillion, its tangible assets were valued at only $682 million, with goodwill accounting for the remaining amount. In 1907, U.S. Steel bought Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad company, its biggest rival, with the purchase eliciting anti-trust scrutiny. At that time, it produced 67 percent of all the steel produced in the U.S. The bulking up strategy did not work well for the company over the years, as it saw its market share dwindle and profitability erode. In 1982, in a diversification bid, the company picked up Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE: MRO) and renamed itself as USX. A six-month lock-up of most of the plants following a strike by United Steelworkers of America in 1986 hurt the company further. During this time, corporate raider and activists investor Carl Icahn had launched a hostile bid for the company, which was later withdrawn. To unlock value and to focus on its core business, U.S. Steel spun off Marathon Oil in 2001 and forayed into international markets by making some overseas acquisitions. With fundamentals deteriorating, the company announced layoffs in 2014. The company, which was one of the original members of the S&P 500 when it was formed in 1957, was removed from the index in July 2014, as its market cap contracted. Risky Proposition The company is now considered a risky proposition, given the fundamentals woes of the industry and company-specific issues. The industry is facing competition from cheap imports from China, which is glutting the market and bringing down prices. Additionally, the demand side of the equation is also suffering amid uncertain global macroeconomic conditions. Recently Cowen downgraded the shares of the company to Market Perform, citing a lack of earnings visibility following its first quarter results. The company is facing issues at its flat-rolled segment, with the management responding with a dramatic revitalization. With all the negativity, it looks like U.S. Steel's valuation could only head southward, even as some of newbie tech stalwarts are battling it out for achieving market cap supremacy. Related Links: More Bad News For U.S. Steel? Analyst Sees Signs Of Price Risk Operational Issues Reemerge At U.S. Steel Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Morgan Stanley Maintains Overweight Overweight Apr 2017 Credit Suisse Maintains Outperform Outperform Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color News Downgrades Commodities Markets Analyst Ratings Tech Media Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMZN) Benzinga's Bulls And Bears For The Past Week: The Good, The Bad, The Ugly In Retail Kohl's, Nordstrom's Q1 Moral Victories Simply Aren't Good Enough Who Needs All This Political Worry? This Pro Says Invest Outside The US According To New Data, The Samsung S8 Is No 'iPhone Killer' Device Apple Quietly Acquired A Sleep Tracking App Top Picks For The Rest Of 2017, Courtesy Of UBS View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 COH, KATE: Coach Bags Kate Spade: Here's What The Experts Think Of The Deal 2 NVDA: Here's What You Missed From Nvidia's Analyst Day 3 WIT, CTSH: Indian IT Outsourcing Giants At Crossroads As Trump Tighte... 4 MSFT, BRK-B: Apple Nears $1 Trillion Valuation; Here's... 5 TWLO, AMAT: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Twi... 6 DIS, NFLX: Apple Quietly Acquired A Sle... 7 XLK, SNE: Private Label VR Ent... 1 AL, REV: Barron's Picks And Pans: Foreign Stocks, Analog Devices And More 2 TWLO, AMAT: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Twilio And Applied Materials 3 MSFT, CTSH: Robot Rising: Experts Try To Quantify Human Fear Of S... 4 SBLK, DRYS: Which Companies Are Poised To Win From Melt... 5 JCP, TIF: Benzinga's Bulls And Bears For... 6 LMT, PG: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion... 7 MJNA, CBDS: Jeff The 420 Chef... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Kohl's, Nordstrom's Q1 Moral Victories Simply Aren't Good Enough How This REIT Plans To Thrive While Rates Remain Uncertain, Retail Locations Shutter
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/14/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/14/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is This Synaptics’ Next Big Opportunity? Synaptics' recent earnings report revealed a big long-term catalyst. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) May 13, 2017 at 8:53PM Shares of Synaptics (NASDAQ:SYNA) got a much-needed shot in the arm after the company's third-quarter fiscal 2017 results easily bested Wall Street's expectations. The human interface solutions provider's revenue jumped 10% year-over-year (to $444.2 million), translating into $1.27 per share in earnings. By comparison, analysts were expecting $1.20 per share in earnings on $430 million in revenue. Synaptics' results were warmly received, and the stock shot up 6% during the post-earnings action, bringing relief to investors amid speculation that the company could lose business from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). More importantly, CEO Richard Bergman provided clarity about the company's next big growth driver -- edge-to-edge smartphone displays -- where Synaptics is trying to lead the field with its product development moves. Image Source: Synaptics  Why edge-to-edge displays could be a big deal for Synaptics The display of Samsung's latest flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S8, covers the front of the device almost entirely. This has led to the elimination of the home button, which traditionally houses the fingerprint sensor to unlock the device. Samsung had been collaborating with Synaptics to integrate the fingerprint scanning technology into the display, but it wasn't ready in time for deployment into the Galaxy S8. Instead, Samsung had to place Synaptics' fingerprint sensor at the back of the device, near the camera, just before the device went into production. Industry sources are reportedly blaming Synaptics' delayed development for Samsung's last-minute change. But it's really no surprise it wasn't ready. The semiconductor specialist currently has the "only workable solution" to integrate the fingerprint scanner into the touchscreen, per Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri. And Synaptics' FS9100 optical fingerprint sensor -- which can scan fingerprints through 1mm of glass -- was only launched in December 2016. Synaptics started sampling it to customers in the first quarter this year and the company had indicated that mass production would begin only in the second quarter. So people shouldn't have expected the sensor to be in the Galaxy S8. However, Cowen forecasts that Samsung's next Note device will be the first one to sport the touch and display integration (TDDI) while Korean news publication The Bell's unnamed sources confirm the same. Samsung is expected to launch the next Note in the second half of the year, giving Synaptics enough time to ramp up production of the integrated sensor. Synaptics' product lead in this market and its Samsung partnership will play a crucial role in capturing a bigger share of the TDDI space. IHS Markit forecasts that TDDI chip demand will jump to 654 million units in 2022 compared to this year's projected shipments of 100 million units. Synaptics is one of just three companies in this space, and is the only one to have licensed its intellectual property to display panel makers. Will Apple use Synaptics' solutions? Leaked specs of what purports to be the next iPhone's case molding (via Slash Leaks) indicates that Apple won't go the Samsung route by placing the Touch ID on the back of the device. Instead, it could integrate the device into the rumored OLED display and remove the iconic home button in the process. But an Apple move toward TDDI doesn't guarantee Synaptics a slot inside the device, as Cupertino has been reportedly developing an in-house display and fingerprint sensor integration technology. Motley Fool contributor Ashraf Eassa believes it highly unlikey that the iPhone maker bought AuthenTec to build Touch IDs in-house for just a few iPhone models. This makes sense, and indicates that Apple could be developing its own system. However, Synaptics can still hope for a spot if Apple's product development falls behind schedule. But investors shouldn't worry too much even if the chipmaker doesn't land a spot in the next iPhone thanks to the end market's secular growth. As mentioned earlier, sales of TDDI chips are estimated to boom in the long run, and Synaptics is probably the best-positioned company to take advantage of the opportunity. This is because Apple is unlikely to license its technology to other smartphone companies, using it exclusively for its iPhones. Japan Display, the other operator in this space, is primarily a flat-panel display provider, so it might find it difficult to license its technology to rival display makers. Synaptics, therefore, is sitting on a huge opportunity that could give its revenue a nice boost in the long run. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info May 13, 2017 at 8:53PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $156.10 up $2.15 (1.40%) Synaptics NASDAQ:SYNA $56.15 down $-1.17 (-2.04%) Read More Synaptics, Incorporated Sampling In-Display Fingerprint Sensors Why Synaptics, Incorporated Stock Skyrocketed Today Synaptics, Incorporated Talks OLED Versus LCD Tech 5 Top Tech Stocks to Buy in October 3 Stocks to Invest in the Internet of Things Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is This Synaptics’ Next Big Opportunity? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $SYNA
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan The Brave Ones Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Investing in: Israel Israel's high-tech sector is thriving, and now China wants in on the action Ferry Biedermann; Writer at CNBC.com 1 Hour AgoCNBC.com SHARES Uriel Sinai | Getty Images Cars go by on a highway next to Tel Aviv's landmark Azrieli Towers skyscraper complex in Tel Aviv, Israel. Go to Israel and chances are you'll install some new apps on your phone, just to keep up. A few years ago that might have been the navigation and transportation ones Waze and Moovit. More recently it may well have been photo editors Facetune and Enlight. All Israeli developed, all global successes and just a tip, albeit a visible one, of the country's high-tech iceberg. High-tech is usurping the place once held by Israel's founding myths, the ones about the kibbutz collectives and making the desert bloom. Nowadays it's all "Start-up Nation" and "Silicon Wadi". In fact, some say high-tech is even replacing the archetypal Jewish mothers' wish for their child to be a doctor or a lawyer; today's Israeli moms supposedly brag about the number of employees in their kids' start-up. Inevitably such success is shot through with hyperbole but it rests on very solid and tangible numbers. $15.3 billion is one of them, representing the biggest high-tech business deal in Israel's history and the sum that Intel paid in March for autonomous driving firm Mobileye. And instead of packing up the company and moving it to the U.S., Intel is establishing it as its global autonomous driving hub and R&D (research and development) center. There are over 300 international firms with a high-tech research center in the country, including giants such as Microsoft, IBM, Apple, Cisco, HP and older Intel centers, to name but a few. "Over the last couple of weeks, since the Intel-Mobileye transaction, all hell has broken loose," says Jon Medved, CEO of OurCrowd, an Israel-based crowdsourcing platform for accredited investors. show chapters Why Israel is a cybersecurity heavyweight    Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 10:44 PM ET | 03:08 "The country is being overrun in a positive way by investors, corporations, strategic partners, all sorts, who simply want to get a piece of this." The importance of the deal is also emphasized by Eugene Kandal, CEO of the NGO ( non-governmental organization) Start-up Nation Central, which seeks to connect start-ups to investors and supports the Israeli high-tech industry. He headed Israel's National Economic Council until 2015 and was as such a close advisor to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. "The message to investors not yet investing is: It's no longer unicorns, it's really big guys," he says. While those seeking investors in the high-tech industry can be expected to sound upbeat, the message is being repeated by others: The Mobileye deal is big and can be a game changer in terms of making more international companies and investors aware of the potential of Israeli businesses, not just start-ups, where much of the action had often been in the past. 'Israel on the big players' map' Koby Simana CEO of IVC Research Center, a Tel Aviv-based firm monitoring and analyzing Israel's high-tech industry, says the deal drew international attention. "I think those kind of deals from several hundreds of millions to billions of dollars being spent on one company, that's a big quantum leap for the industry. That puts Israel on the big players' map." Source: Mobileye He counts among these mega-deals the $4.4 billion sale of online gaming company Playtika in 2016 to China's Shanghai Giant Network Technology Co. Playtika is based in Herzliya, Israel, but was owned by U.S. casino and gaming giant Ceasars. This illustrates some of the difficulties in quantifying the number of deals and the amounts involved in Israel's high-tech field. PwC Israel, for example, in its 2016 report on Israeli high-tech industry exits, left out the Playtika deal, noting its ownership by Ceasars. That's how the accountancy firm concluded that in 2016 the value of deals in the industry dropped 51 percent compared to 2015, to $3.4 billion. PwC's estimate that this was just a temporary slowdown now seems vindicated by the Mobileye deal. Other big deals since the beginning of the decade include the 2012 acquisition of Waze by Google for over $1 billion, the 2013 sale of security software firm Trusteer to IBM, for $1 billion, and Cisco's 2013 takeover of cell phone software firm Intucell for $475 million. show chapters Israel's largest gas field    Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 1:20 AM ET | 01:38 The Mobileye deal is certainly big, for Israel. The company does account for some 60-70 percent of the world's autonomous driving and collision avoiding systems but Intel's acquisition is dwarfed by Qualcomm's announcement last year that it is buying Dutch automotive chipmaker NXP for $47 billion. Bumper year for venture capital In terms of venture capital flowing into the industry, Israel had a bumper year in 2016, raising $4.8 billion in funds, up 11 percent from 2015, according to an IVC-ZAG report. But the same firms note a slowdown in the first quarter of 2017 to $1.03 billion. That's 4 percent down, or what IVC's Simana calls, "a minor drop". What concerns the IVC CEO more is the change in the balance of investments, from early stage to late stage, a phenomenon that is also apparent elsewhere, notably in Silicon Valley. The difference is, says Simana, that in the U.S. the volume of investments is decreasing while in Israel it's still increasing. Even so, attracting early stage investment remains important to keep feeding the pipeline of start-ups. "We call for early stage investors and tell them right now there are opportunities. There's less competition. More risk but less competition," says Simana. "If they want to be in the competitive landscape going forward, they should be in the early stage." The type of investors interested in Israeli high-tech is shifting from North America to Asia, as the Playtika acquisition shows. Chinese investors have discovered the country and PwC in its report also notes that they, "are growing increasingly comfortable with doing deals in Israel." Medved and Simana too notice growing interest from Asia but Simana qualifies this: "Definitely at the moment U.S. and European investors are the dominant ones in the industry." U.S. interest in Israeli high-tech is long-established and Israeli companies have the third biggest presence on the NASDAQ, after the U.S. itself and China. In the past there has been a perception that many North Americans who invest in Israel do so to support the country. But, says Medved, that's only part of the story: "There's plenty of them but it's way beyond that now. It's just good business. I don't think people are investing emotionally or with their political or religious believes as the driver." When it comes to what particular high-tech field to invest in, there's a lot to choose from. According to Kandal of Start-up Nation Central, it's exactly the ability to work across different technologies that makes Israel so competitive. "There are a lot of different sectors. You can be in cybersecurity and digital health. You can be in cars and software. You have enough density for all of those to give you a buzz." show chapters Israel faces up to 2 million cyberattacks each day    Monday, 20 Feb 2017 | 7:06 PM ET | 01:59 That's a point that Simana also underwrites: "The big names out of Israel are multi-disciplinary. Take for instance Mobileye, Gett (an Uber rival) or other big names that came out of Israel in recent years. I think the way Israeli entrepreneurs are combining various technologies into one product, one offering is our competitive edge." Israel's security needs, its lack of water, arable land and its small population, just over 8 million, have all played a role in the development of its high-tech industry. It's long been renowned for its water and agriculture technology, its drone and aerospace industry and its use of solar power. More recent successes include cybersecurity, medical technology, artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, and of course transport fields such as navigation and autonomous driving. Medved, the OurCrowd CEO, says that Israel is especially appreciated for its "deep technology" knowhow. He says investors are attracted because of, "the change in the venture market into frontier technology where the deep tech is now back in fashion, whether it's machine learning, or cybersecurity or drones. Things that need deep technology, that's what makes Israel interesting. We are not leaders in the other stuff but we're leaders in deep technology." Many of these advances come out of the country's, U.S.-supported and part-financed, military and intelligence establishments and its defense industry. Some military intelligence units, such as Unit 8200, are veritable incubators for the country's high-tech industry, spewing out veterans that are bursting to begin start-ups. And the defense aerospace industry has made the country a leader in drones. But there are also world-class institutes and universities, such as Haifa's Technion and the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot. Israel's R&D expenditure as a percentage of GDP (gross domestic product) regularly tussles with South Korea's for the global top spot. Risks to the industry Even the risks to the industry that Israel's high-tech observers mention, can be seen as humble brags. Chief among them is the danger of a shortage of skilled workers, coupled with a decline in the number of pupils choosing science trajectories in high school. It is a real concern and calls have been issued to ease visa requirements for high-tech workers from India and other Asian countries, always a concern in Israel, where demography is a sensitive subject. Yet, the shortage also sends the message that demand for high-tech workers in Israel is booming. Kandal says that in 2016 there were 1,100 new high-tech start-ups in Israel while 400 disappeared. "It's an indication that people are not afraid to begin new things. If they fail, they just start a new one or go to work at another company that's always looking for people." IVC's Simana says he has studied the failure rate of start-ups in Israel. "It's one-in-twenty that has a real success. I don't know the numbers but I suspect that's very similar to elsewhere in the world." It's a sobering reminder that any investment carries risk, particularly in start-ups, however dynamic and attractive the industry. "We're not prophets here," says Simana. Maybe the most obvious cautionary tale is the one of electric car battery venture Better Place. Its story and that of its founder Shai Agassi were used in the intro to the landmark 2009 book "Start-up Nation: The Story of Israel's Economic Miracle" by Dan Senor and Saul Singer. Even though it was pushed by Israel's late President Shimon Peres and supported by Nissan's Carlos Ghosn, Better Place went bankrupt in 2013, swallowing up some $850 million of private capital. It hardly slowed down Israel's high-tech industry, which the same year celebrated Google's $1 billion-plus acquisition of Waze, but it may have reminded companies and investors that a good idea and lots of "chutzpah" are not necessarily enough to make it in the marketplace. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NASD 100 --- IBM --- AAPL --- MSFT --- INTC --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Technology Last Modified: Mon, May 15 2017. 10 58 AM IST Gadget deals to look out for in Flipkart’s Big 10 Sale shopping festival Flipkart.com is offering discounts, exchange offers and cashbacks on smartphones, TVs, laptops and wearables in another round of summer sales Subscribe to our newsletter. Abhijit Ahaskar After Amazon’s 4-day Great Indian Sale last week, it is now Flipkart’s shopping event called Big 10 Sale (it will run from 14-18 May) New Delhi: After Amazon’s 4-day Great Indian Sale last week, it is now Flipkart’s shopping event called Big 10 Sale (it will run from 14-18 May). In addition to flat discounts, exchange offers, there is an instant discount offer of up to Rs1,500 on payments made with HDFC Bank credit cards and cashback of up to Rs300 on purchases made using the PhonePe mobile payment wallet. Most of the deals in electronics have been around smartphones so far. Here are some of the top deals you can consider. One of the top deals of the Big 10 Sale is the 23% flat discount on the 32GB storage variant of the iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7 Plus Rs54,999 (earlier Rs72,000) One of the top deals of the Big 10 Sale is the 23% flat discount on the 32GB storage variant of the iPhone 7 Plus. The deal is only valid on black, gold and silver colour options. There is an exchange offer on old smartphones and one can save up to Rs20,000 more on it. The iPhone 7 Plus still remains one of the best big-screen smartphones around. It has a 5.5-inch (1,920x1,080p) Retina display, is powered by Apple’s powerful A10 chipset, runs iOS 10.3.1 and has dual cameras. Flipkart is offering a flat discount of 22% on the 32GB storage variant of the Google Pixel smartphone Google Pixel Rs43,999 (earlier Rs57,000) Flipkart is offering a flat discount of 22% on the 32GB storage variant of the Google Pixel smartphone. There is an exchange offer too, which can save buyers up to Rs29,000 more. The Pixel has a 5-inch (1,920x1,080p) display and is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip with 4GB RAM. Its key highlight is that it runs Android 7.1 and is likely to get all Android updates on time. It is available in black and silver colours. After a direct discount of 27%, Lenovo Phab 2 is selling at Rs7,999. Lenovo Phab 2 Rs7,999 (earlier Rs10,999) If you are looking for a truly big-screen smartphone, the Phab 2 is the most affordable option right now. After a direct discount of 27%, this smartphone with a 6.4-inch (1,280x720p) display is selling at Rs7,999. You can also get up to Rs7,500 off on exchange. The Phab 2 comes in gunmetal grey and champagne gold colours and has a metal finish. It runs on MediaTek’s entry-level MT8735 chipset with 3GB RAM and a 4,050mAh battery. It has 32GB internal storage and supports microSD cards of up to 128GB. There is a flat discount of 23% on the 42mm grey colour variant of the first-generation Apple Watch Apple Watch (42 mm; Series 1) Rs19,900 (Earlier Rs25,900) There is a flat discount of 23% on the 42mm grey colour variant of the first-generation Apple Watch. Its case is made of aluminium and has a water-resistant coating over it. The 1.65-inch OLED Retina display supports touch. The watch can also track your activity, steps and heart rate. It runs Apple’s Watch OS and works with all Apple iPhones that came after iPhone 5 and run iOS 10 and above. Vu’s 49-inch Ultra HD LED TV has a 23% flat discount on it. Vu (50) Ultra HD (4K) Smart LED TV Rs48,999 (earlier Rs64,000) Vu’s 49-inch Ultra HD LED TV has a 23% flat discount on it. Buyers can get up to Rs22,000 off on exchange with older TVs. This makes it one of the most affordable TVs with 4K resolution you can buy right now. It is also a smart TV so you can run 4K content directly through Amazon Prime, Netflix or YouTube. Its display has a brightness level of 450 Nits and refresh rate of 50 Hz. There is a direct discount of 11% on the Dell Inspiron 3467. Dell Inspiron 3467 Notebook Rs29,990 (earlier Rs33,990) There is a direct discount of 11% on the Dell Inspiron 3467. It runs Windows 10 and comes pre-loaded with one-year free subscription of MS Office Student 2016 edition and 15-month free subscription of McAfee anti-virus. It is powered by Intel’s 6th Gen Core i3 Processor with 4GB RAM and offers 1TB HDD. The 14-inch LED display has a resolution of 1,366x768p. The notebook has all the connectivity options such as LAN port, HDMI, USB 3.0 and optical drive. The recently launched 1TB variant of the Sony PlayStation 4 Slim is selling at a discount of 9% Sony PlayStation 4 Slim Rs29,990 (earlier Rs32,990) The recently launched 1TB variant of the Sony PlayStation 4 Slim is selling at a discount of 9%. The gaming console comes with a wireless controller and a set of five games such as Uncharted series and The Last of Us Remastered. The PS4 Slim runs on the same AMD Jaguar octa-core processor and AMD Radeon Graphics used in the original PS4, but has lower power consumption. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: Flipkart sale Apple iPhone 7 Plus Google pixel smartphones Apple watch More From Livemint READ MORE Four new judges take oath in Delhi high court Kulbhushan Jadhav case: India, Pakistan clash at International Court of Justice today Ransomware attack should be wake-up call for governments: Microsoft First Published: Mon, May 15 2017. 10 57 AM IST Editor's Picks ‘Indian IT firms to layoff up to 2 lakh engineers annually for next 3 years’ Govt issues critical alert over ransomware Is ‘Make in India’ beginning to bear fruit? Latest News Kulbhushan Jadhav case: India, Pakistan clash at International Court of Justice today Ransomware attack should be wake-up call for governments: Microsoft News in Numbers: Rs11,725 crore to be spent on roads to connect 44 Naxal-hit districts Indian Railways to install 19,000 CCTV cameras at 900 stations to ensure security ICSE Class 10 results 2017 likely today, how to check results online at cisce.org Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
About Advertise Contact Privacy Policy Copyright Movies News Reviews Trailers Box Office TV Features Commentary Commentary Filmmaking Tips Short Films Interviews Film Festivals What to Watch Streaming Home Video Movies to Watch After Podcast One Perfect Pod Junkfood Cinema Remember Me Lost your password? Movies MoviesSee all A Master at Work: Lessons Learned from “The Godfather Notebook” Hollywood Doomsday Preppers Need A Better Argument Than “Franchise Fatigue” The Japanese New Wave Comes to America With Arrow’s Kiju Yoshida Boxset News Reviews Trailers Box Office TV TVSee all Head Full of Snow: ‘American Gods’ Remains Fresh and Frisky The Latest from Ana Lily Amirpour, a Heath Ledger Documentary, Plus More TV You Must See This Week ‘Hot Girls Wanted’: Documentary, Sex, and Technology Features FeaturesSee all A Master at Work: Lessons Learned from “The Godfather Notebook” ‘The Bronson Maneuver’ is a Hilarious Blend of Puppetry, Animation, and Spycraft Dressing Harriet Tubman Commentary Commentary Filmmaking Tips Short Films Interviews Film Festivals What to Watch What to WatchSee all The Japanese New Wave Comes to America With Arrow’s Kiju Yoshida Boxset ‘The Autopsy of Jane Doe’ Finds Terror Behind the Zipper 12 Movies to Watch After You See ‘Snatched’ Streaming Home Video Movies to Watch After Podcast PodcastSee all How ‘Beverly Hills Cop 2’ Works Despite Itself Why ‘Project X’ is One of the Most Junkfood Movies of All Time A Condolence on Elm Street One Perfect Pod Junkfood Cinema The Japanese New Wave Comes to America With Arrow’s Kiju Yoshida Boxset Rob HunterHome VideoMovies Home What to WatchHome Video Facebook Twitter Buffer reddit Plus 17 More New Releases to Watch This Week on Blu-ray/DVD! Welcome to this week in home video! Click the title to buy a Blu-ray/DVD from Amazon and help support FSR in the process! Pick of the Week Kiju Yoshida: Love + Anarchism [Arrow Academy] What is it? The life of an early 20th century anarchist is explored through his relationships and historical context in Eros + Massacre, an engineer recalls his youth spent fighting the system he now supports in Heroic Purgatory, and an ill-fated military coup is explored in Coup d’Etat. Why see it? Director Kiju Yoshida is far from a recognizable name outside of his native Japan (and France), but that hasn’t stopped Arrow from pulling out all the stops with this release of three (four if you count the director’s cut of the first film) of his mid-career films. They’re dense affairs, the first two in particular, and show the filmmaker’s disinterest in traditional narratives. What is constant throughout the films, in addition to his interest in personalities rebelling against the state, is an eye for visuals and framing choices that confound expectation. [Blu-ray/DVD extras:] The Best Brain Damage [Arrow Video] What is it? A young man discovers he’s harboring an educated parasite with a taste for human brains. Why see it? When it comes to Frank Henenlotter movies my affection always points towards Frankenhooker. He’s probably better known though for his two earlier films, Basket Case and Brain Damage. Both of them share a common theme regarding a hapless protagonist at the whim of a small, monstrous buddy, but this one adds an addiction subtext beneath the absurdity. It’s a goofy romp all around punctuated with plenty of gory attack scenes. While the film itself is merely good fun, Arrow’s new release is worth a pickup for fans as its loaded with love in the form of extra features. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Commentary, making of, featurettes, animated short] ———- The Godfather What is it? The ups and downs of a family business are brought to life glares and gunshots. Why see it? Paramount’s re-release of Francis Ford Coppola’s Godfather trilogy doesn’t add anything new on the supplement front, but the price is right for fans who don’t yet own the films or for folks interested in making a blind buy on a classic they have yet to see. This first film remains the best of the three in its presentation of family life and criminal life as separate but intertwined existences. It’s a beautiful film with moments of suspense and action alongside the grand experience and scale of the story, but if you already own it there’s no reason to double dip. [Blu-ray extras: Commentary with Francis Ford Coppola] ———- The Godfather Part II What is it? Like father like son. Why see it? It’s generally accepted that Coppola’s sequel to his own classic is the superior film, but I’m not having it. It’s still damn good, obviously, but the split timelines (it moves between Michael’s efforts to lead the family and flashbacks to his father’s youth) and the very nature of a sequel slightly dilute the power and drama we find in the first film. I know, this sounds like madness talking, but I’m saying it all the same. Again, it’s a terrific film, and I particularly love the journey Michael chooses that sees him facing tough decisions with deadly consequences. Like the first film though, this new Blu-ray adds nothing new to the mix. [Blu-ray extras: Commentary with Francis Ford Coppola] ———- Heat – Director’s Definitive Edition What is it? Bank robbers face off against a determined detective and the consequences of their actions. Why see it? Michael Mann’s mid ’90s classic is a masterpiece in any format or version, but this new Blu-ray offers up a new restoration of the writer/director’s preferred cut. The entire cast is perfection with Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer, and Al Pacino obviously being the main draws here, and the action and dialogue are equally exquisite. The big shootout is now 22 years old but remains one of the best and most epic such scenes in film history. This is essentially a director’s cut, and it remains Mann’s masterpiece. [Blu-ray extras: Commentary by Michael Mann, Q&As, making of, deleted scenes, featurettes] ———- Obsessions [Cult Epics] What is it? A medical student spies sexy shenanigans with a deadly twist next door. Why see it? There are more than a few selling points to this Dutch thriller’s US debut, but the top one is probably Martin Scorsese’s involvement as co-writer of the film’s script. He focused on the dialogue as it was Holland’s first English-language film, but his work here offers an interesting footnote to the beginning of his career. All of that aside though the film is an interesting psycho-sexual thriller with its own merits as the truth behind the apparent deaths slowly comes to light against a backdrop of Amsterdam’s side streets and Bernard Herrmann’s score. Less of a mystery than an exploration of characters and their twisted interests, the film is a slickly-produced late ’60s slice of exploitation. Cult Epics’ new Blu-ray brings the film to the US for the first time and does so with a new HD transfer and some informative interviews. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Introductions, interviews, Martin Scorsese script notes] ———- Serial Mom [Scream Factory] What is it? A suburban housewife and mother is also something of a serial killer. Why see it? It’s all about the genius of John Waters. The film offers up some fun black comedy as Kathleen Turner’s murderous suburbanite dispatches those who displease her or her children, but it’s not a film to be taken seriously. The broadly comedic nature of it won’t be for every taste, but those who enjoy Waters’ work will be happy to revisit this one. Scream Factory’s new Blu-ray includes two different commentaries featuring the man, and as is often the case they alone are worth the price of admission. Waters is a damn delight to listen to as he shares humorous anecdotes and sharp opinions with wild glee. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Interviews, featurettes, making of, commentaries] The Rest 8-Bit Generation What is it? Documentary that looks at the early days of the company behind the only computers I ever had growing up. Why see it? This doc is most definitely aimed at those of us who grew up writing “games” for the Commodore Vic-20 and recording the programs onto a cassette tape. Yeah, you read that right. We were a non Apple/Atari household, so we went from the Vic-20 to the Commodore 64 to the Amiga… with a brief foray into the world of the Magnavox Odyssey… and I never regretted a moment of it. The doc explores the life and drive of founder Jack Tramiel and explores the company’s rise alongside competitors like Apple, IBM, and Radio Shack. It’s destined to be a dry watch at times for those of you outside the Commodore family, but for the rest of us there’s real joy and nostalgia to be found here. [DVD extras: TED Talk] The Accidental Tourist [Warner Archive] What is it? A travel writer has tips for everyone else, but he’s the one who needs help. Why see it? Lawrence Kasdan brings back his Body Heat stars, William Hurt and Kathleen Turner, in a pair of far less steamy roles. They play a restrained couple on the rocks, but it’s Geena Davis who steals the movie as a quirky dog-trainer. There’s some darkness at play here alongside moments of sweetness and levity, and it remains every bit the movie my mom loved back in the late ’80s. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Introduction, commentary by Geena Davis, featurette, deleted scenes] Adios, Sabata [KL Studio Classics] What is it? The legendary gunslinger is double-crossed by fools who don’t know any better. Why see it? Yul Brynner remains one of the odder stars to find success on the big screen, but he’s at his best as a mysterious and highly capable killer in some variation of the old west. The film is filled with familiar genre beats, and they’re executed well enough to keep things interesting for fans. Characters are the expected mixed bag of ruffians, nobodies, and the anti-hero himself, and the action scenarios are an equal blend of engaging and expected. [Blu-ray extras: None] Divorce – The Complete First Season What is it? A husband and wife split up. Why see it? Sarah Jessica Parker’s return to the HBO family comes in the form of a series trying to be a bit more serious than Sex & the City. It’s a comedy too, and maybe even mainly, but the drama of the couple’s situation is never far off screen. That tonal blend is part of the show’s problem as neither the laughs nor the serious beats land as strongly as they should. Parker and Thomas Haden Church are both fine, but the writing feels too frequently at odds with itself. Worse, it too quickly devolves into mean-spirited yelling and insults. It would probably hit harder with people who’ve experienced a divorce. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Commentaries] Fifty Shades Darker What is it? A wealthy man finds a new place to store his Ben Wa balls. Why see it? I’ll be honest. This is a funny movie. Unfortunately for the film though it isn’t trying to be and instead is aiming for more of a romantic, sexy drama. It never achieves its goal though and instead leaves us laughing at ridiculous moments and rolling our eyes at terrible dialogue and plot turns. Dakota Johnson gets naked a lot (while Jamie Dornan mostly just shows his torso), but the pair’s blandness and lack of chemistry leaves things feeling less sexy than they’re presumably hoping to be. Story-wise we’re still stuck with a man who in no way feels real and a woman who talks about being independent while actually being no more than a pawn. It’s not good people, and the promise of a third film makes it even more obnoxious. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Featurettes, deleted scenes] The Greasy Strangler What is it? A father and son deal with their antagonistic relationship and the reality that one of them is a gross serial killer. Why see it? You should really watch the trailer first as it’s a guarantee that more than ninety percent of you will absolutely despise the film. There’s a small number of us though who’ll find enough to enjoy in the film’s crass antics, unique personality, and oddly addictive score. Comparisons to John Waters’ films are off the mark as he paired his ridiculous offenses with a commentary on America, but there’s a still plenty here to leave viewers squirming and flinching with variable degrees of laughter. [DVD extras: None] The Loved One [Warner Archive] What is it? A would-be poet arrives in Los Angeles unprepared for the mortuary job he falls into. Why see it? Initially billed as a comedy aiming to offend everyone, it’s easy to believe that this mid ’60s film succeeded pretty well upon its release. Robert Morse is the young newcomer, and he’s surrounded by elder talents including James Coburn, Jonathan Winters, Rod Steiger, Milton Berle, John Gielgid, Roddy McDowall, Robert Morley, and more. It’s a funny romp, and it’s every bit a madcap romp, and while it occasional leaves focus and plot behind in pursuit of oddball laughs it’s entertaining in the end. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Featurette] Orange Is the New Black – Season Four What is it? The women of Litchfield prison face challenges new and old. Why see it? The fourth season of Netflix’s women in prison series continues to walk a fine line between absurd humor and deadly drama this time resulting in the death of one my favorite characters. It’s accomplished beautifully and used to wonderfully dramatic effect. Piper has fully transitioned into a supporting role, but that’s the strength of the show in that everyone is supporting. That said, Piper brings some of the season’s biggest laughs in her bravado and obliviousness. It all builds to a conclusion that sets up some major changes and upheavals in season five. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: Gag reel, featurette, commentaries] Return of Sabata [KL Studio Classics] What is it? Sabata returns, and he still has an itchy trigger finger. Why see it? The revolving door of actors portraying the character of Sabata continues, and for my money it lands here on the best of the bunch. Lee Van Cleef takes the reins this time around, and he delivers the kind of aura and attitude Sabata is meant to have. Rather than defending anyone else’s honor, he’s after his own revenge, and the film showcases some fun shootouts and action sequences in his pursuit. [Blu-ray extras: None] Things to Come What is it? A woman in the third act of life is set adrift when her husband leaves her for another woman. Why see it? Director Mia Hansen-Love is no stranger to films about adults dealing with life’s swift injustices, and her Father of My Children remains a heartbreaking work of loss, grief, and survival. Her latest casts Isabelle Huppert as a woman who goes looking for new purpose when her husband leaves her, and she finds it in the people and ideas around her. Like life itself, there are moments here of sadness, joy, and every emotion in between, but by that very nature there are also scenes showing life happening. It’s never dull, but it isn’t always engaging, if that makes sense. [Blu-ray/DVD extras: None] The Void What is it? A group of people take refuge in a police station but soon realize the threat outside may pale beside the one locked in with them. Why see it? The twisted minds at Astron-6 typically deliver genre thrills with a heavy dose of wild comedy, but this latest feature eschews the laughs in favor of dark thrills, monsters, and some truly horrific set-pieces. It hits some bumps with its script, but the visuals including fear-inducing shots of cult-like members approaching from outdoors and interiors straight out of the minds of John Carpenter and Clive Barker keep the whole entertaining and creepy. [DVD extras: None?] Also out this week, but unseen by me: Apprentice, A Fantastic Fear of Everything [Shout Select], Inside Amy Schumer – Season 4, Jeanne Dielman [Criterion Collection] Previous Article‘The Autopsy of Jane Doe’ Finds Terror Behind the Zipper Next ArticleHollywood Doomsday Preppers Need A Better Argument Than “Franchise Fatigue” Rob Hunter Chief Film Critic "Rob is great. He likes movies. He writes about them. And he's a good person." Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Vimeo Opening Credits Subscribe to our new daily email. Every morning, we'll tell you what you need to know about the world of pop culture. Latest Head Full of Snow: ‘American Gods’ Remains Fresh and Frisky A Master at Work: Lessons Learned from “The Godfather Notebook” The Latest from Ana Lily Amirpour, a Heath Ledger Documentary, Plus More TV You Must See This Week Hollywood Doomsday Preppers Need A Better Argument Than “Franchise Fatigue” The Japanese New Wave Comes to America With Arrow’s Kiju Yoshida Boxset ‘The Autopsy of Jane Doe’ Finds Terror Behind the Zipper The Tao of Nicolas Cage: …and Then He Got ‘Ghost Rider’ ‘The Bronson Maneuver’ is a Hilarious Blend of Puppetry, Animation, and Spycraft Film School Rejects
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Video eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Video Your password is terrible and everyone wants to… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: James Comey tapes Free and cheap May 12-18 Colorado’s economic slump Trump’s commencement address Denver weekend weather Life of an NFL mom Business Technology Your password is terrible and everyone wants to fix that Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Bloomberg News May 14, 2017 at 10:33 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Appeal in boy’s burp arrest case relies on Gorsuch dissent Rockies’ most loyal fan is a homeless ex-con who lives in an abandoned batting cage Adams County deputies searching for fugitive with prominent neck tattoos DEA raids illegal marijuana grow near Colorado elementary school Tony Cowell’s humidor brought Rockies baseball at Coors Field back down to Earth Drawn to the News: 13 cartoons on Trump’s firing of Comey By Nate Lanxon, Bloomberg Headlines about mass data breaches have become ominously routine, and yet password convenience still trumps security for most people. That’s why, year after year, the world’s most popular log-on remains “123456,” a password so obvious it accounted for 17 percent of the 10 million compromised passwords analyzed by Keeper Security, which sells a log-in management service. The answer, of course, is to get rid of passwords altogether. Biometric technology-especially fingerprint scanners- has been steadily replacing the need to type in a password, which can easily be guessed by hackers wielding smart algorithms. Now, with the world increasingly embracing voice-activated devices like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, companies are starting to create technology that recognizes a person’s speech patterns. Facial recognition is starting to catch on as well. “Our vision is to kill passwords completely,” says Dylan Casey, vice president of product management at Yahoo Inc., which has suffered major security breaches. “In the future, we’ll look back on this time and laugh that we were required to create a 10-character code with upper- and lower-case letters, a number, and special character to sign in, much in the same way that today’s teenagers must laugh at the concept of buying an album on a compact disc.” The question is whether companies will be able to persuade people to switch to biometric log-ins and whether the new technology will prove any more resistant to hackers than the old-fashioned password. Related Articles May 14, 2017 Chaos from ransomware cyberattack may grow at workweek’s start May 13, 2017 Nations grapple with huge cyberattack, but more’s coming May 12, 2017 Malware, described in leaked NSA documents, cripples computers worldwide May 9, 2017 Rocky Mountain Information Security Conference kicks off — women and girls seen as cybersecurity’s future May 8, 2017 Don’t tell unwanted emails they’re unwanted, and other Tech+ answers to questions Apple popularized the fingerprint scanner by embedding it in the iPhone four years ago, subsequently baking the technology into the MacBook lineup. Now Microsoft is getting into the act. Last month, the company started to let the estimated 800 million people who use its Outlook.com, Xbox.com, Skype.com and other cloud-based features log on with a fingerprint scan on their smartphone if they so choose. By October or November this year “you’ll be able to take your phone, walk up to your Windows 10 PC and just use your thumb print to log into your PC,” says Alex Simons, who’s in charge of products within Microsoft’s identity division. The banking industry, long mindful of security, has adopted some of the most cutting-edge technology. The U.K. bank Barclays started letting wealthy customers verify their identity during telephone banking with their voices back in 2014, and rolled out an opt-in version to retail clients last year. “Our voice security works by taking a recording and analyzing the different voice patterns, the vocal tones, the pitch and the pace,” says Simon Separghan, who’s in charge of Barclays’ contact centers across the U.K., India and the Philippines. He said the bank is currently working to implement the technology into its mobile banking app. HSBC, Citi, Santander are also all starting to let customers use their voices to log into their telephone banking accounts. Face recognition is becoming more common as well. Lloyds Banking Group announced in April that it would trial Microsoft’s Windows Hello technology, which lets online users log into their web-based accounts by pointing their face at a computer’s webcam. United Services Automobile Association has enabled the same within its mobile app for smartphones, as has U.K. challenger bank Atom. Is the new technology hacker-proof? Barclays’ Separghan is sanguine about the bank’s voice-activated log-in system and says there have been no breaches so far. “We’re very confident that the system is as unique as your fingerprint,” he says. “So whether or not people are doing impressions or tape recordings and playing them back, the system has the ability to detect that.” But Michela Menting, digital security research director at ABI Research, isn’t so sure. “With artificial intelligence you’ll have machines that’ll be able to clone human voices and maybe be able to pretend to be somebody else,” she says. In April, three developers from a Montreal AI startup released demos of their speech synthesis tool, Lyrebird, which they said could “copy the voice of anyone” with as little as a 60-second recording. They released audio samples of their work, which mimicked the voices of Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and President Donald Trump. One of Lyrebird’s founders, Alexandre de Brébisson, who is studying AI at the University of Montreal, said his team’s motivation was to improve speech synthesis rather than anything nefarious. “We believe that vocal human-computer interfaces will become more and more widespread in the future and we want to make them better,” he said. Could his software be used to fool voice-based authentication? “We haven’t tested our tech on those systems,” he said, “but we would not be surprised that our current technology can already fool those systems.” Similar concerns have been raised about face-recognition. Microsoft says its Hello technology, now available in a range of Windows-based computers and soon to be tested at Lloyds Bank, Halifax and Bank of Scotland, uses infra-red sensors to build a reliable representation of a human face. The company says the technology can’t be fooled by holding up a photograph to the lens. But in March, reports surfaced that the facial-recognition feature of Samsung Electronics Co.’s new Galaxy S8 smartphone could be tricked exactly that way. In a statement, Samsung noted that users have several ways to unlock their phones and said facial recognition can only be used to open the Galaxy S8 and not to “authenticate access to Samsung Pay or Secure Folder.” Thirteen years ago, Bill Gates predicted the death of the password. It never happened because people cling to old habits and can’t always afford the latest technology. To avoid alienating customers, the banks aren’t insisting that they switch to safer technology but are letting them opt in. So though cheaper biometric sensors and smarter software have helped improve online security, Menting believes passwords may be around for another 50 years – kind of like landlines. “Until we have embedded devices in ourselves that can act as that password,” she says, “I really don’t see them losing the authentication war anytime soon.” Hackers are counting on it. Tags:  cybersecurity More Business News Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Technology Amazon’s new Echo Show can make video calls May 15, 2017, 12:04 am The Echo Show, as it’s called, signals that Amazon is not only pushing ahead with its goal of ruling the home, but it is also taking a major shot at a messaging platform. The Echo Show looks to complement – or even supplant – the phone or personal computer when it comes to real-time communication. Hulu Live, Sling TV, DirecTV Now and others bring live alternatives to cable, but watch out for the bottom line May 15, 2017, 12:01 am Is the new breed of OTT, or over-the-top services that get to viewers beyond traditional paid TV service, really worth your while? Here’s a brake down of the costs and offerings of five TV streaming services, plus Comcast for comparison. Paul Allen’s Domain Awareness System goes digital to save world’s most-endangered animals May 13, 2017, 11:32 pm If he has his way, Paul Allen will have 90,000 square miles of African territory covered with smart sensors and drones by the end of this year to bring hyper-connectivity to Africa’s remotest, most wildlife-packed corners. It’s the biggest conservation tech project to date: a command-and-control system for rangers to record and respond to poaching threats, from Kenya to Tanzania. Nations grapple with huge cyberattack, but more’s coming May 13, 2017, 11:33 am Teams of technicians worked around the clock Saturday to restore Britain’s crippled hospital network and secure the computers that run factories, banks, government agencies and transport systems in other nations after a global cyberattack. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow P&I on Hedge fund guru Griffin hopes to inspire others with donation Kenneth Griffin has pledged $15 million from his charitable trust to benefit a New York charity dedicated to alleviating poverty in the Big Apple. To view this content, please login or register now. Register for FREE Get access to the latest news on pionline.com Register today and you also get a free two week trial to P&I Daily, our online subscription with full access to all current and archived stories plus the latest industry searches, hires, and RFPs. Register Now Please Log In E-mail  Password  Forgot your password? Remember Me Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us  
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Taiwan Outlook Brightened in Tsai's First Year, But Risks Remain by Adela Lin More stories by Adela Lin , Yu-Huay Sun More stories by Yu-Huay Sun , Argin Chang More stories by Argin Chang , and Chinmei Sung More stories by Chinmei Sung May 14, 2017, 11:35 PM EDT Rebounding markets and economy give president time for reforms Beijing insistence on One-China pledge clouds growth outlook Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen speaks in front of a 'Year of the Rooster' decoration in Taipei. Photographer: SAM YEH/AFP/Getty Images When Taiwan elected Tsai Ing-wen in January last year, the economy was in the grip of three quarters of contraction, the currency was the weakest since 2009 and China, its biggest trading partner, warned of dire consequences of challenging its "One-China" policy. Now it’s a very different picture as she nears her first anniversary as president on May 20. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Rebounding global trade has prompted the government to raise its growth forecast to 1.92 percent for this year, the benchmark Taiex stock index climbed to a 17-year high above 10,000 points last week, and the Taiwan dollar is the best-performing Asian currency over the past year. Equity fund inflows are among the largest in Asian markets in the past year. As Taiwan remains on U.S. currency monitoring list, the central bank has refrained from intervening, adding to the currency’s strength. Expectations surrounding the next version of Apple Inc.’s iPhone have driven the Taiex up 23 percent under Tsai’s watch, outperforming the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. A gauge of electronics companies on the Taiwan Stock Exchange has risen even more, in near-lockstep with Apple shares as investors have chased suppliers, such as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. and Catcher Technology Co., a maker of aluminum casings for iPads and MacBooks. A record number of people visited Taiwan in 2016 as increasing arrivals from Southeast Asia made up for plunging numbers from mainland China. Chinese visitors fell by 45 percent in March versus a year earlier. Arrivals from Southeast Asia rose by a similar amount over the same period after Taiwan introduced incentives including visa-free entry. Still, economic challenges remain, including stagnant wage growth, which Tsai promised in her inauguration speech to tackle. The average monthly pay rose 0.6 percent in 2016 from the previous year to NT$48,790 ($1,512), while the average annual rise was 1.46 percent over the past two decades, according to the statistics agency. South Korea wages increased 3.8 percent last year. Another challenge for Tsai is finding a new central bank chief to oversee monetary policy and one of the world’s largest foreign reserves. The stockpile rose to a record $438.4 billion in April, equal to more than three quarters of economic output. Governor Perng Fai-nan, who’s overseen the hoard for almost two decades, is set to retire in February. One thing that hasn’t changed over the intervening year though is Beijing’s stance toward Tsai. China has refused contact with Taiwan’s government, insisting Tsai must first acknowledge both sides belong to the same country, a position that would alienate supporters of her independence-supporting Democratic Progressive Party. Tsai has responded by proposing a new model for relations with the mainland but to little success, meaning there’s no end in sight to the long-standing and ambiguous status quo that has kept the peace across the strait since the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read New Wave of Ransom Threats Seen in Unprecedented Global Attack This Caribbean Bank Wants Chinese Money No One Else Will Touch China Eyes U.S. Energy After Inking $20 Billion in Deals In Cashless Sweden, Even God Now Takes Collection Via an App Putin Sits Down at Piano in China, Plays Soviet Songs Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ Entertainment 2017-05-14 Freeform’s ‘Baby Daddy’ Canceled Or Renewed? Will The Season 6 Finale Be Its Last? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-05-15 Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Ivanka Trump: Just Where Is Donald Trump’s Daughter During His Most Recent White House Crisis? [Opinion] News 2017-05-14 Black Lives Matter Activists Are Reuniting Families This Mother’s Day Through ‘Free Black Mamas’ Campaign News 2017-05-14 FBI Offering $10 Million Reward For Information On Leader Of al-Nusrah Terrorist Group Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-15 Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Basketball 2017-05-15 Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Baseball 2017-05-15 Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research Gaming 2017-05-14 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Hack 2017: Free Gems Cheat Creating More Buzz Than May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Technology 2017-05-14 Intel To Unveil Newfangled VR Games Next Month Technology 2017-05-14 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Miss USA 2017 Winner – Miss D.C. Kara McCullough Loses Twitter: ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 600-Pound Weight Loss: Couple Who Sticks Together, Loses Weight Together BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Trump’s Golf Trip #21 – Trump Golfs On Mother’s Day In Sterling, Virginia, Tweets Melania ‘Happy Mother’s Day’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-14 Is Avril Lavigne Dead And Replaced By Melissa Vandella? Here’s The Real Story Behind The Viral Hoax SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? Mobile 0 0 0 May 14, 2017 iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? Ronald Cress The iPhone SE did not receive a refresh on its anniversary in March, so fans are expecting one to arrive anytime soon. Mobile enthusiasts are looking into the annual Worldwide Developers Conference in June as a possible event where the new SE could be revealed. There’s no indication yet that it will happen next month, but reports are saying that there is indeed an iPhone SE Series 2 on the way and it will have a huge change in design. iPhone SE Series 2 Spotted? A photo was posted on the Chinese social media website Weibo, a usual source of leaks, showing what might be the iPhone SE Series 2’s rear panels. Instead of retaining that iPhone 5s look, the handsets in the image sport a glass chassis that more looks like the iPhone 7 without the antenna lines. The photo only shows the rear panels, so there’s no telling yet what the front could look like. But judging by the form factor, a 2.5D screen similar to the iPhone 7 could be expected complete with the home button and the bezels. As the next iPhone SE will likely be another entry-level phone, it should not have a mind-blowing design that can compete with the Galaxy S8. iPhoneSE new bumper design with glass can launch at WWDC 2017 took place in early June https://t.co/011fcRTFNk pic.twitter.com/m320mAzo1s — MWC (@mobileworldchan) May 14, 2017 iPhone SE Series 2 Specs Unfortunately, the photo above is the only source of iPhone SE Series 2 information we have, and we’re not even sure of its authenticity. The first SE’s specs were adapted from the iPhone 6s, only fitted to a smaller device. It is likely that the next SE will also borrow the specs of the current-gen iPhone. Having said that, Phone Arena reports that it should have an Apple A10 Fusion chip paired with 2GB RAM like in the iPhone 7. The cameras then should have 12 megapixels at the back and 7 megapixels at the front. There’s no chance that it will have dual cameras as it is an entry-level phone. The leaked photo also suggests that the set-up will be changed a little bit. Instead of putting the flash beside the camera, it seems that the iPhone SE Series 2 will position it underneath. If the image is authentic, then this confirms that Apple is taking new steps as this kind of layout has not been seen on any of the previous iPhones. Another bit of detail that we can get from the image is that the Cupertino-based company might also be planning to equip the iPhone SE 2017 with wireless charging capability. Its glass build would allow for this feature to work smoothly, and it might just be the reason why it is made of glass. iPhone SE Series 2 Release Date As aforementioned, we might be in for an announcement at WWDC 2017 on June 5-9. It’s unusual for Apple to reveal new hardware at this time as the event is usually focused on the software aspect of the company, but it’s not unheard of. Thus, many are hoping that the new iPhone SE will be unveiled by then. [Image by Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Images] However, KGI Securities Ming-Chi Kuo says otherwise. According to Value Walk, the analyst believes that the iPhone SE Series 2 will not make an appearance in the first half of 2017, which effectively eliminates WWDC as a possible venue for an announcement. If so, then we might be looking at a September reveal instead, when the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus are also due. There are also rumors saying that the iPhone 8 will also be unveiled alongside these phones, but some reports say that it will be delayed. Nevertheless, we don’t have concrete evidence of a new iPhone SE yet. We might not even see it this year should Apple decide that its mobile lineup is already crowded with three products on the way. [Featured Image by Tomohiro Ohsumi/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Ronald Cress Tags: Apple, iPhone SE 2017, iPhone SE Series 2 May 14, 2017 Police Called After Caitlyn Jenner Allegedly Suffers ‘Vile, Transphobic Abuse’ Leaving LGBTQ Event In London May 13, 2017 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached Comments LATEST HEADLINES Did CM Punk Really Sell More Merchandise Than John Cena? Are The Big Baller Brand’s ZO2 Prime Good For Basketball, Sneaker Culture? [Opinion] Recent Success Leaves Dodgers With What Appears To Be 90’s Nostalgia [Opinion] Dear Liberals: It’s Not Us, It’s You [Opinion] Derek Jeter Night Quickly Overtaken By Springer, Astros ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo Runaway Black Hole Hunted Down By NASA Is 160 Million Times The Mass Of The Sun ‘Dragon Ball Super’: The Pros And Cons Of Having Frieza As U7’s 10th Member [Opinion] Analysts Pick Apart Kevin O’Leary’s Sudden Withdrawal From Conservative Leadership Race In Canada iPhone SE Series 2 Will Be Made Of Glass, Release Date On WWDC? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 7.4k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.1k 0 0 ‘Last Man Standing’ Canceled With 8.1M Viewers: Fans Boycott ABC Over Tim Allen’s Conservative Christian Role 9.8k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.1k 0 0 Canceled TV Shows 2017 Announced For ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, And More 4.9k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 3.3k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter environment climate change wildlife energy pollution more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › environment › energy pollution climate change wildlife home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Guardian sustainable business rethinking business Ikea’s solution to peak stuff? Invest in plastics recycling plant Furniture giant commits to reducing use of virgin raw materials but experts raise concerns about supply chain domination Are companies ready to rethink the way they do business? – open thread Ikea has allocated €3bn (£2.52bn) to sustainability investments. Photograph: Shannon Stapleton/Reuters Guardian sustainable business rethinking business Ikea’s solution to peak stuff? Invest in plastics recycling plant Furniture giant commits to reducing use of virgin raw materials but experts raise concerns about supply chain domination Are companies ready to rethink the way they do business? – open thread Supported by About this content Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Hannah Gould @hannahbgould Monday 15 May 2017 00.00 EDT Ikea has bought forest in Romania and the Baltics, wind farms in Poland and now it is investing in a plastic recycling plant in the Netherlands. For the Swedish furniture giant, extending control across its supply chain in this way could help it become more sustainable by avoiding environmentally damaging activities like illegal deforestation and plastic waste. Ikea is not alone in this strategy. Apple, for example, has invested in forest in the US to increase the supply of sustainable pulp and paper goods that it needs for packaging. Google and Amazon, meanwhile, are two of a number of big companies that have bought renewable energy, in part to protect themselves against variable electricity prices. Spray on and printable: what's next for the solar panel market? Read more The latest Ikea move saw it it acquire a 15% minority stake in Dutch plastic recycling plant Morssinkhof Rymoplast, spending some of the €3bn (£2.54bn) the company has allocated to sustainability investments. Plastic production accounts for 6% of global oil consumption (pdf), a figure expected to grow to 20% by 2050 on current trajectory. With increasing consumer awareness around plastic waste, Ikea’s investment in Morssinkhof Rymoplast builds on the company’s goal (pdf) to make its plastic products (representing around 40% of its total plastic use) using 100% recyclable and/or recycled materials by August 2020. Pia Heidenmark Cook, Ikea’s acting chief sustainability officer, says the investment is intended to help Morssinkhof Rymoplast develop its capabilities. The Dutch company currently has facilities across the Netherlands and the capacity to produce more than 220,000 tons of high grade recycled materials a year. “It is our first investment with the recycling industry […] so at this point, it’s really a learning experience to understand more about what is needed for getting high quality plastic that can be fed into our products,” says Cook. Jakob Rehme, professor of industrial economics at Sweden’s Linköping University, suggests that such investments can be a logical preemptive step for a company whose demand for materials is so significant. “This [demand] means they often need to tackle the sourcing strategy that could lead to a resource scarcity – of recycled plastics for instance,” says Rehme. If and when regulation gets tougher and producers are required to have a percentage of recycled plastic in new products, an investment in recycling will help Ikea secure what could become a highly sought after material. “We’ve seen this trend in a number of business sectors,” says Dexter Galvin, head of supply chain at CDP. “Climate change and resource scarcity present global supply chains with significant risk […] some businesses respond with a broader global sourcing model but many are pursuing vertical integration [where a business expands its operations in the supply chain].” For some, however, there are concerns around the motivations and consequences of businesses expanding in this way. Ikea vows to be net exporter of renewable energy by 2020 Read more Rehme says, for example, that a significant driving force behind the food and drink industry’s investments in recycling has been to avoid regulation and shape a voluntary system instead. He warns that while large company involvement can potentially be a force of good, they can also end up dominating an entire supply chain and hurting SMEs or companies from developing nations. For Donna Marshall, associate professor at University College Dublin, it can also be about greenwash. In the absence of demonstrating real progress when it comes to reducing environmental impact, she says, providing innovative sustainable suppliers with support is “great PR for a company”. Ikea disputes such criticism of its latest investment. “Our approach to the circular economy is not to buy up recycling companies,” says Cook. “It’s one element to learn more and better understand upcycling, but it’s not the prime strategy.” With Ikea’s plans to open its first store in Hyderabad, India, next year, and ambitions to hit €50bn (£42.29bn) revenue by 2020, Cook says the circular economy is integral to expanding without using further raw virgin materials. Sign up to be a Guardian Sustainable Business member and get more stories like this direct to your inbox every week. You can also follow us on Twitter. Topics Guardian sustainable business rethinking business Renewable energy Plastics Corporate social responsibility Energy Retail industry features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Environment › Ikea back to top environment climate change wildlife energy pollution more become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Monday, May 15, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Business Restaurant inspections 5/15 Published on May 15, 2017 | Updated 1:16 a. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print   Recently released inspection reports of Lucas County food-service operations. No violations: Toledo Christian Schools, 2303 Brookford, inspected May 1. Starbucks Coffee, 3305 W. Central, inspected May 1. Edgewater School, 5549 Edgewater, inspected May 1. Dreams of Tomorrow, 1007 N. Summit, inspected May 1. Convenience Express, 1708 E. Manhattan, inspected May 1. 7-Eleven, 537 Woodville, inspected May 1. Tim Horton’s, 6815 W. Central, inspected May 2. Subway, 5821 W. Central, inspected May 2. St. Pius X School, 2950 Ilger, inspected May 2. Steak ’n’ Shake, 2801 W. Bancroft, inspected May 2. Start High School, 2010 Tremainsville, inspected May 2. Save-A-Lot, 702 Woodville, inspected May 2. Raymer Elementary School, 565 White, inspected May 2. M Osteria & Bar, 609-611 Monroe, inspected May 2. Hope Learning Academy of Toledo, 4234 Monroe, inspected May 2. Franciscan Care Center Rehab Severy, 4111 N. Holland-Sylvania, inspected May 2. East Toledo Family Center, 1020 Varland, inspected May 2. Chipotle Mexican Grill, 4109 Talmadge, inspected May 2. 1000 Degrees Pizza, 5380 Monroe, inspected May 2. Northpointe Middle School, 540 Independence, inspected May 3. Toledo Zoo - Timberline Bakery/​Northstar, 2700 Broadway, inspected May 3. Toledo Zoo - Polar Chill, 2700 Broadway, inspected May 3. Toledo Zoo - Kettle Corn/​Dippin’ Dots Mobile, 2700 Broadway, inspected May 3. Toledo Zoo - Karoo/​Africa, 2700 Broadway, inspected May 3. Toledo Zoo - Grill Area/​Cafe, 2700 Broadway, inspected May 3. West Park Place, 3501 Executive, inspected May 4. Starbucks Coffee, 6975 W. Central, inspected May 4. Chipotle Mexican Grill, 3305 W. Central, inspected May 4. Burger King, 7447 W. Central, inspected May 4. Shoreland Elementary School, 5650 Suder, inspected May 5. Sweet Retreat, 1276 Michigan, Waterville, inspected May 4. Jacky’s Depot, 130 W. Dudley, Maumee, inspected May 2. Cinemark Rave, 2300 Village, Maumee, inspected May 4. Arby’s, 2647 Navarre, Oregon, inspected May 1. Big Apple Deli, 2118 Woodville, Oregon, inspected May 2. St. Joseph Church School, 5411 S. Main, Sylvania, inspected May 2. Karen Anne’s Kettle Korn, 8968 Stonybrook, Sylvania, inspected May 4. Whitehouse Primary School, 6510 Texas, Whitehouse, inspected May 4. Anthony Wayne Junior High School, 6035 Finzel, Whitehouse, inspected May 4. Violations: Summit Academy Toledo, 1853 South, inspected May 1. *Chlorine sanitizer in bucket at improper concentration (0 ppm). Steak Escape, 5001 Monroe, inspected May 1. *Cooked potatoes improperly left out at room temperature to cool. *Person-in-charge could not explain proper cooling for cooked potatoes. *Leftovers in merchandiser cooler lack proper date marks. *No sanitizer set up during food preparation. The Spaghetti Warehouse, 42 S. Superior, inspected May 1. *Foods holding at improper temperatures. *Buildup in ice-machine chute and on can opener in back lasagna prep area. *Live gnats in food-preparation area. Social Gastropub, 1440 Secor, inspected May 1. *Foods holding at improper temperatures in kitchen-area prep-top cooler. *Expired lobster roll in kitchen-area reach-in cooler. *Dirt and debris buildup inside bar-area pop nozzle. *Kitchen-area hand-washing sink blocked by utensil rack. Rice Blvd, 1440 Secor, inspected May 1. *Cut lettuce holding at improper temperature. O.L.P.H. Elementary School, 2255 Central Grove, inspected May 1. *Ranch dressing sitting out at improper temperature. *Dish machine not connected to sanitizer supply. Notre Dame Academy, 3535 W. Sylvania, inspected May 1. *Dish machine rinse temperature inadequate. Home Slice Pizza, 28 S. St. Clair, inspected May 1. *Pizza holding at improper temperature. *Buildup in pop nozzles. ABC Angel Care, 2259 S. Byrne, inspected May 1. *No qualified person-in-charge present during inspection. S&G, 434 East Broadway, inspected May 2. *Buildup on coffee maker. *Rodent droppings throughout stock room. Sunrise Skillet, 1855 S. Reynolds, inspected May 2. *Employee failing to wash hands between handling dirty plates and handling clean plates. *Foods holding at improper temperatures. *Foods in prep coolers lack proper date marks. *Chlorine in sanitizer buckets is too weak. *Employee improperly using hand-washing sink as a dump sink. Subway, 1726 W. Laskey, inspected May 2. *Buildup inside ice machine. South Side Liquor Box, 1202 Broadway, inspected May 2. *Buildup inside ice machine. *Mouse droppings in establishment. Real Seafood Company, 22 Main, inspected May 2. *Buildup inside ice machine. McDonald’s, 7159 W. Central, inspected May 2. *Chlorine sanitizer in dish machine too weak. Magic Wok, 2040 W. Laskey, inspected May 2. *Foods under heat lamp holding at improper temperature. *Buildup on ice scoop. *Mop sink lacks device to prevent backflow of drain water. *Blenders being rinsed in hand-washing sink. Kinder Care Learning Center, 2812 N. Holland Sylvania, inspected May 2. *Raw shell eggs improperly stored above ready-to-eat food in single-door cooler. *Rubber gloves stored improperly in hand-washing sink. Foundation Park Care Center, 1621 S. Byrne, inspected May 2. *Beef dish with 4/​20 date mark held past expiration date. *Food buildup inside microwave and buildup inside ice machine and juice gun. Alpine House of Toledo, 2901 Tremainsville, inspected May 2. *Refrigerated food lacks proper date marks. *Date-marked food not discarded upon reaching expiration date. Toledo Zoo - Lodge Main Kitchen, 2700 Broadway, inspected May 3. *Foods in walk-in cooler date marked for 8 days instead of required 7 days. Alternate Learning Center, 3939 Wrenwood, inspected May 3. *Food handlers failing to wash hands before donning gloves. No hand-washing sink in gym. *Person-in-charge unable to demonstrate proper food-safety knowledge. *No hot or cold holding available to maintain proper food temperatures. *Employees failing to sanitize dial-stem thermometer between uses. Waite High School, 301 Morrison, inspected May 4. *Mouse droppings in dry-storage room. Tim Hortons, 5640 Airport, inspected May 4. *Dish machine rinse temperature inadequate. Pita Pit, 30 S. St. Clair, inspected May 4. *Employees failing to wash hands before donning gloves after answering telephone. McDonald’s, 1405 S. Byrne, inspected May 4. *Foods holding at improper temperatures. *Cheese slices holding outside refrigeration without proper time logs. *Black buildup inside ice machine. Jimmy Johns, 4133 Talmadge, inspected May 4. *Employees donning gloves without washing hands. *Buildup inside ice machine. Cock ’n’ Bull, 9 N. Huron, inspected May 4. *Foods holding at improper temperatures. *Buildup inside ice machine. Medical Mutual of Ohio, 3737 W. Sylvania, inspected May 5. *Packaged foods labeled on-site lack proper allergen declarations. Hampton Inn & Suites, 5865 Hagman, inspected May 5. *Milk in flask sitting out at improper temperature, and mixed fruits at improper temperature in ice bath at consumer self-service station. Vito’s Pizza, 847 S. McCord, Holland, inspected May 3. *Stacks of papers and files blocking hand-washing sink. Dana, 3939 Technology, Maumee, inspected May 5. *Dirty lids on salad island touching cut boiled eggs and cut lettuce. *Dirty bottom of ice-maker caddie touching ice scoop.   Related Items restaurant inspections Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Latest News Dow 20,897 -22.81 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,121 +5.27 +0.09% S&P 500 2,391 -3.54 -0.15% 3:04 A.M. ET Crude oil jumps to 2-week high as Saudis, Russia back continued output cuts 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.4% higher at 12,825.42 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.1% higher at 5,410.12 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,447.77 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 396.32 2:52 A.M. ET Petronas Chemicals net profit more than doubles 2:52 A.M. ET Fevertree sees 2017 results ahead of market views 2:51 A.M. ET Updated 4 tips to protect yourself from becoming a ransomware victim 2:50 A.M. ET Updated With $11 domain purchase, U.K. techie arms for battle vs. ‘WannaCry’ ransomware 2:40 A.M. ET Updated Microsoft slams spy agencies for hoarding hacking tools used in cyber attacks 2:34 A.M. ET Vodacom net profit up on subscriber growth 2:33 A.M. ET Lonmin loss widens on impairment charges 2:18 A.M. ET China's economy slows in April in 'turning point' 2:17 A.M. ET Waymo, Lyft to collaborate on self-driving cars 2:15 A.M. ET WannaCry attack hits Renault, 200,000-plus victims 12:02 A.M. ET Private colleges are offering discounts at historic levels 5/14 Asian markets largely surge ahead despite global risks 5/14 Western Digital seeks arbitration to block Toshiba’s chip-unit sale 5/14 Updated The biggest heavyweight Silicon Valley legal fight of our time is driving forward 5/14 China's economic activity widely slows in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services Therese Poletti's Tech Tales Get email alerts The biggest heavyweight Silicon Valley legal fight of our time is driving forward By Therese Poletti and Jeremy C. Owens Published: May 14, 2017 10:31 p.m. ET Share Opinion: Google and Uber set for juicy public trial over allegations of stolen self-driving-car technology MarketWatch photo illustration/Google,Uber,iStockphoto Let’s get ready to rumble! By TheresePoletti Columnist JeremyC. Owens Technology Editor It is official: We are headed for a trial between one of the world’s biggest tech companies and the most highly valued startup in the Age of the Unicorn, with one of the most heavily hyped technological advances of the era in the middle. With a ruling issued Thursday evening, U.S. District Judge William Alsup put the legal battle between Google parent company Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.08% GOOG, +0.17%  and Uber Technologies Inc. over a key technology for self-driving cars on track for a public trial, potentially starting in October. Uber had tried to argue that the case should be argued behind closed doors because of an arbitration agreement between Alphabet and the employee at the center of the battle, Anthony Levandowski, but Alsup shot that down. A public trial in this case would be the juiciest legal drama in Silicon Valley since the height of the smartphone patent war between Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.40%  and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. 005930, +0.61%  or Ellen Pao’s discrimination claims against venture-capital giant Kleiner Perkins. Judging by some intense early courtroom drama last week that led to Thursday’s ruling, it could be even more fun and interesting to observe than those blockbuster cases. Read: Waymo, Lyft to collaborate on driverless cars On the surface, it seems Alphabet’s self-driving unit, Waymo, has a very good case against Uber. In February, Waymo filed a trade theft lawsuit against Uber, alleging that Levandowski, a former key manager of Google’s self driving car project, stole trade secrets and intellectual property before leaving Google. Levandowski quit Waymo in January 2016 to found Otto, a self-driving truck startup that Uber acquired just a few months later. During last week’s hearing, there were many fascinating revelations, though the crux of the case appeared to be pretty cut and dried. No one in the San Francisco federal courtroom seemed to disagree with Alsup when he said that Levandowski had probably downloaded the 14,000 documents before leaving Waymo to form Otto. Uber had already said that Levandowski was stepping aside as head of its self-driving car efforts and would no longer work on LIDAR, the key technology that is at the heart of the lawsuit. “There is a strong probability…that Levandowski purloined 14,000 documents that he should not have, and that he took those with him,” Alsup said near the end of an almost three-hour hearing on Waymo’s motion for a preliminary injunction against Uber. Alsup backed up those words Thursday evening by referring the case to the U.S. Attorney’s Office “for investigation of possible theft of trade secrets based on the evidentiary record supplied thus far.” That suggests there could be criminal charges coming for Levandowski, who has pleaded the fifth so far in preparation for that possibility. Don’t miss: Want to invest in self-driving cars? Check out the chips But Alsup also noted that Waymo is not suing Levandowski, so proving the documents were stolen is not enough. Alsup said there are two possible scenarios in the case: Levandowski stole the documents and used them at Uber, or that “Uber realized that Mr. Levandowski was radioactive and that came up in due diligence,” and the company kept him from using the LIDAR designs developed for Waymo. “We are adamant that we did not use any of their secrets,” Uber attorney Arturo Gonzales, a partner with Morrison & Foerster, said. “We went through all these terabytes and what have they found? Nothing. There is no basis here for injunction. We voluntarily took Levandowski off of LiDAR…No more LIDAR for you until this trial is over.” Alsup seemed to agree, saying Waymo has not proved that any trade secrets, if stolen by Levandowski, have ended up in use at Uber. “You have zero evidence that they copied anything,” he told Waymo’s lawyers. Alsup asked for copies of sketches of the LIDAR systems of both Waymo and Uber and seemed to question their similarities, adding that he was not certain what to make of them. He added that the best evidence would be on Levandowski’s personal laptop, which currently is not available to be searched because he evoked the fifth amendment. Read also: Why the father of the self-driving car left Google Waymo said the proof that Uber used its designs is in a batch of 3,500 documents that has been labeled privileged as attorney client communications, because Uber anticipated a lawsuit from the beginning of its discussions with Levandowski. As Alsup put it at one point, Waymo did not have a “smoking gun” but that the 3,500 documents may present a treasure trove of data for the plaintiffs. Waymo and Uber are battling that access out with a special court magistrate that is assigned to the case. Waymo’s other evidence that Uber and Levandowski worked in tandem to steal the designs is the theory that Uber and Levandowski were scheming together while the executive was still with Waymo. “Uber and Levandwoski created a coverup scheme for what they were doing, they created a coverup for what Levandowski was doing,” Charles Verhoeven, a partner with Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan and the lead attorney representing Waymo, said. “He created a coverup company, then Uber decided to buy that company.” Waymo showed an email from an Uber executive at the time planning to meet with Levandowski before he even quit Google. Another document that came from Uber in a LIDAR design notebook dated October 2015 discussed a formation of a “NewCo.” However, Uber refuted one of Waymo’s largest pieces of evidence in that theory: The fact that Uber gave Levandowski approximately 5.3 million stock options, at a value of approximately $250 million, dated Jan. 28, the day after Levandowski left Google. Uber’s lawyers said they were backdated to that date at the time of the acquisition to make Levandowski whole for the time he spent at the startup, and that Levandowski has not yet met any of the milestones required for vesting. Alphabet sought an injunction against Uber, but it had a tough time trying to prove in the hearing that Uber was actually using the 14,000 documents and files that were allegedly stolen by Levandowski. An injunction would damage Uber’s progress in building autonomous cars, which the company sees as key to the future of its ride-hailing network, and is the one question still hanging, as Alsup’s decision on that question is sealed for now as the two sides decide what parts of it should be shielded from public view. “If the court grants the injunction that Waymo is looking for, that is going to look very bad for Uber,” said Josh King, chief legal officer of Avvo, a 10-year-old online legal advice company in San Francisco. “I don’t know exactly how far that injunction would reach.” See also: Uber losses would have ranked near top among public companies in 2016 Uber can’t afford a bad look after all the black marks it has suffered of late. The ride-hailing giant, which has a private valuation of about $68 billion, is already seeking to change its image as a company that charges ahead, defying regulation amid a sexist, corporate culture that favors jerk-like behavior. With all the uncertainties and Uber’s move to sideline Levandowski, it seems unlikely that Alsup will issue a preliminary injunction and halt Uber’s work on autonomous driving, unless more incriminating evidence that it used any secrets can be found. Instead, it will be up to Waymo to dig up that evidence and present it at the coming trial. A brokered settlement between the companies could still scuttle that trial, and Uber has been known to settle lawsuits while facing several in its short history. Google, however, has shown that it will go to great legal lengths to prove a point in court. Just ask Oracle Corp. ORCL, -0.18%   Judging by the early salvos in this case, those of us without skin in the game should hope against a settlement and for the public trial. This blockbuster battle could be the grandest Silicon Valley legal drama of our time. Alphabet shares have gained about 20% in 2017, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.15%  has gained about 7%. More from MarketWatch This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba With Comey Fired, What Happens to Russia Probe? Film Trailer: 'Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' Related Topics Science and Technology U.S. Stocks Markets Startups Quote References GOOGL -0.75 -0.08% GOOG +1.62 +0.17% AAPL +2.15 +1.40% 005930 +14,000.00 +0.61% ORCL -0.08 -0.18% SPX -3.54 -0.15% Show all references Most Popular Bridgewater’s Dalio says the ‘magnitude’ of the next downturn will be epic Mother’s Day Moneyologist: My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — I want my fair share Tech stocks’ three winners, three losers after earnings season 4 tips to protect yourself from becoming a ransomware victim 4 Easy Tips for Shooting Better iPhone Video MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $955.14 -0.75 (-0.08%) Volume 1.2M Open $957.85 High $957.98 Low $952.06 P/E Ratio 32.28 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 649.6B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $932.22 +1.62 (+0.17%) Volume 1.0M Open $931.53 High $933.44 Low $927.85 P/E Ratio 31.5 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 649.6B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $156.10 +2.15 (+1.40%) Volume 32.0M Open $154.70 High $156.42 Low $154.67 P/E Ratio 18.26 Div Yield 1.61 Market Cap 813.9B Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. S. Korea: KRX: 005930 ₩2,305,000.00 +14,000.00 (+0.61%) Volume 159.9K Open ₩2,281,000 High ₩2,314,000 Low ₩2,281,000 P/E Ratio 17.67 Div Yield 1.21 Market Cap 355.3T Oracle Corp. U.S.: NYSE: ORCL $45.08 -0.08 (-0.18%) Volume 7.5M Open $45.01 High $45.15 Low $44.92 P/E Ratio 21.47 Div Yield 1.69 Market Cap 185.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,392 High 2,392 Low 2,387 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
