Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA Approves Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) as First-Line Combination Therapy with Pemetrexed and Carboplatin for Patients with Metastatic Nonsquamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), Irrespective of PD-L1 Expression KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in combination with pemetrexed (brand name Alimta®) and carboplatin (pem/carbo), a commonly used chemotherapy regimen, for the first-line treatment of metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 expression. Under the FDA’s accelerated approval regulations, this indication is approved based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival (PFS). Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The approval was based on data from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1, in 123 previously untreated patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations and irrespective of PD-L1 expression. In this trial, KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo demonstrated an objective response rate (ORR) that was nearly double the ORR of pem/carbo alone (55 percent [95% CI: 42, 68] compared to 29 percent [95% CI: 18, 41], respectively; all responses were partial responses). Among patients who received KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo, 93 percent had a duration of response of six months or more (range 1.4+ to 13.0+ months) compared to 81 percent who received pem/carbo alone (range 1.4+ to 15.2+ months). In addition, findings demonstrated an improvement in PFS (HR 0.53 [95% CI, 0.31-0.91; p=0.0205]), with a median PFS of 13.0 months (95% CI, 8.3-not estimable) for patients treated with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 8.9 months (95% CI, 4.4-10.3) with pem/carbo alone. Immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred with KEYTRUDA including pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, and nephritis. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, KEYTRUDA should be withheld or discontinued and corticosteroids administered when appropriate. KEYTRUDA can also cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions; for Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Female patients of reproductive potential should be advised of the potential hazard to a fetus. For more information regarding immune-mediated and infusion-related adverse reactions and use in pregnancy, see “Selected Important Safety Information” below. “The improved responses seen with the KEYTRUDA plus pemetrexed/carboplatin regimen are significant, and highlight the importance of finding new approaches that address the unmet needs of patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer,” said Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, president, Merck Research Laboratories. “Today’s approval further supports our commitment to improve the lives of people with cancer.” “This approval marks an important milestone in the treatment of lung cancer. Now, pembrolizumab in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin can be prescribed in the first-line setting for patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer, irrespective of PD-L1 expression,” said Dr. Corey Langer, director of thoracic oncology and professor of medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “Physicians should continue to use each patient’s individual characteristics – including biomarker status, histology, and other clinical factors – to determine the best treatment plan for each person.” The combination therapy indication makes KEYTRUDA an option for more patients. KEYTRUDA is the only anti-PD-1 approved in the first-line setting as both monotherapy and combination therapy for appropriate patients with metastatic NSCLC. KEYTRUDA is approved as monotherapy in the first-line setting for patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score [TPS] ≥50%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA as monotherapy is also indicated for the second-line or greater treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. “The combination of this immunotherapy with pemetrexed and carboplatin is more good news for patients,” said Bonnie J. Addario, a lung cancer survivor and founder of the Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation. “Congratulations to Merck and the FDA for moving so swiftly on this important addition to our patients’ options for treatment. With this approval, hope for lung cancer patients continues to improve.” Data Supporting the Approval The efficacy of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was investigated in patients enrolled in the open-label, multicenter, multi-cohort KEYNOTE-021 study; the efficacy data are limited to patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC randomized within the single cohort (Cohort G1). The KEYNOTE-021G1 trial was conducted in collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company, the maker of pemetrexed. The key eligibility criteria for this cohort were locally advanced or metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, regardless of tumor PD-L1 expression status, and no prior systemic treatment for metastatic disease. Patients with autoimmune disease that required systemic therapy within two years of treatment; a medical condition that required immunosuppression; or who had received more than 30 Gy of thoracic radiation within the prior 26 weeks were ineligible. Patients in KEYNOTE-021G1 were randomized to receive KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo (n=60) or pem/carbo alone (n=63). Patients in the KEYTRUDA combination arm received KEYTRUDA (200 mg), pemetrexed (500 mg/m2), and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) every three weeks for four cycles followed by KEYTRUDA every three weeks. In the control arm, patients received pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) alone for four cycles. At the investigator’s discretion, maintenance pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) every three weeks was permitted in both treatment arms. Treatment with KEYTRUDA continued until Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) 1.1-defined progression of disease as determined by blinded independent central review (BICR), unacceptable toxicity, or a maximum of 24 months. Administration of KEYTRUDA was permitted beyond RECIST-defined disease progression if the patient was clinically stable and deriving clinical benefit as determined by the investigator. The major efficacy outcome measure was ORR as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1. Additional efficacy outcome measures were PFS as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1, duration of response, and overall survival (OS). Findings from this cohort demonstrated an ORR with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo of 55 percent (95% CI: 42, 68) compared to 29 percent (95% CI: 18, 41) for pem/carbo alone. KEYTRUDA in this combination also reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent (HR, 0.53 [95% CI, 0.31, 0.91]; p=0.0205). Exploratory analyses found similar results in patients with or without PD-L1 expression, with an ORR in patients whose tumors did not express PD-L1 (TPS <1%) of 57 percent with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 13.0 percent with pem/carbo alone; in patients with PD-L1 TPS ≥1%, the ORR was 54 percent with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 38 percent with pem/carbo alone. Efficacy Results from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1 Endpoint       KEYTRUDA + Pem/Carbo (n=60)       Pem/Carbo (n=63) Overall Response Rate                 Overall Response Rate       55%       29% (95% CI)       (42, 68)       (18, 41) Complete Response       0%       0% Partial Response       55%       29% p-value*       0.0032 Duration of Response                 % with duration ≥6-months†       93%       81% Range (months)       1.4+ to 13.0+       1.4+ to 15.2+ PFS                 Number of events (%)       23 (38%)       33 (52%) Progressive Disease       15 (25%)       27 (43%) Death       8 (13%)       6 (10%) Median in months (95% CI)       13.0 (8.3, NE)       8.9 (4.4, 10.3) Hazard ratio‡ (95% CI)       0.53 (0.31, 0.91) p-value§       0.0205 *   Based on Miettinen-Nurminen method stratified by PD-L1 status (TPS < 1% vs. TPS ≥ 1%) † Based on Kaplan-Meier estimation ‡ Based on the Cox proportional hazard model stratified by PD-L1 status (TPS < 1% vs. TPS ≥ 1%) § Based on the log-rank test stratified by PD-L1 status (TPS < 1% vs. TPS ≥ 1%) NE = not estimable   In the KEYNOTE-021G1 trial, safety was evaluated in 59 patients who received KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) + pem/carbo and 62 patients who received pem/carbo alone. KEYNOTE-021 was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, as compared to chemotherapy alone, for any specified adverse reaction listed in the chart below. KEYTRUDA was discontinued for adverse reactions in 10 percent of patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). Adverse Reactions Occurring in ≥20% of Patients in KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1       KEYTRUDA + Pem/Carbo n=59     Pem/Carbo n=62 Adverse Reaction     All Grades* (%)     Grade 3-4 (%)     All Grades (%)     Grade 3-4 (%) General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions Fatigue     71     3.4     50     0 Peripheral Edema     22     0     18     0 Gastrointestinal Disorders Nausea     68     1.7     56     0 Constipation     51     0     37     1.6 Vomiting     39     1.7     27     0 Diarrhea     37     1.7     23     1.6 Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Disorders Rash†     42     1.7     21     1.6 Pruritus     24     0     4.8     0 Alopecia     20     0     3.2     0 Respiratory, Thoracic and Mediastinal Disorders Dyspnea     39     3.4     21     0 Cough     24     0     18     0 Metabolism and Nutrition Disorders Decreased Appetite     31     0     23     0 Nervous System Disorders Headache     31     0     16     1.6 Dizziness     24     0     16     0 Dysgeusia     20     0     11     0 Psychiatric Disorders Insomnia     24     0     15     0 Infections and Infestations Upper respiratory tract infection     20     0     3.2     0 Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue Disorders Arthralgia     15     0     24     1.6 *   Graded per NCI CTCAE v4.0 † Includes rash, rash generalized, rash macular, rash maculo-papular, and rash pruritic.   When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with pem/carbo, KEYTRUDA should be administered first prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is approved at a fixed dose of 200 mg administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression; pemetrexed and carboplatin should be administered according to their FDA-approved labels. About KEYTRUDA ®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 450 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA ®(pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA ®  (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was administered in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%).The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs. 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24%vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). The study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, as compared to chemotherapy alone, for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 450 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck Access Program for KEYTRUDA At Merck, we are committed to supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines. Merck provides multiple programs to help ensure that appropriate patients who are prescribed KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) have access to our anti-PD-1 therapy. The Merck Access Program provides reimbursement support for patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including information to help with out-of-pocket costs and co-pay assistance for eligible patients. Merck also offers free product through our patient assistance program to eligible patients, primarily the uninsured, who, without our assistance, could not afford their medicine. More information is available by calling 1-855-257-3932 or visiting www.merckaccessprogram-keytruda.com. About Merck’s Patient Support Program for KEYTRUDA Merck is committed to helping provide patients and their caregivers support throughout their treatment with KEYTRUDA. The KEY+YOU Patient Support Program provides a range of resources and services. For further information and to sign up, patients and physicians may call 85-KEYTRUDA (855-398-7832) or visit www.keytruda.com. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . Alimta® is a registered trademark of Eli Lilly and Company. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious U.S. Foreclosure Activity In April 2017 Drops To Lowest Level Since November 2005 Next PostNext Tellurian reports progress made on Driftwood Project and Q1 financial results Search Recent Posts Global Mineral Insulated Heating Cable Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Mobile Ticketing Market to Rise at 21.3% CAGR by 2024 Global Microcrystalline Cellulose Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Diet Doc’s Orlean Fat-Blocking Prescription is One of the Safest Weight Loss Aids on the Market Diet Doc’s Orlean Fat-Blocking Prescription is One of the Safest Weight Loss Aids on the Market RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Donald Trump fires FBI director James Comey Defiant Trump courts Russia as probe calls grow FBI chief’s sacking puts little-known prosecutor under scrutiny UK tech investors face loss of significant funding after Brexit Saudi Aramco IPO sparks fears of loss of cash cow US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Donald Trump fires FBI director James Comey Defiant Trump courts Russia as probe calls grow Comey falls victim to Trump’s Tuesday night massacre FBI chief’s sacking puts little-known prosecutor under scrutiny Comey’s dismissal unfolds in uniquely Trumpian way Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read SoftBank seeks talks for Sprint merger with T-Mobile USA Pret A Manger studies options for New York IPO this year Apple’s march to an $800bn valuation in charts Four things to note in Snap’s first earnings since IPO Finance exams to grill hopefuls on AI, big data and robo-advice Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Apple’s march to an $800bn valuation in charts Are US drivers losing their reputation as gas guzzlers? Global ETF assets reach $4tn Mario Draghi riled by Dutch MPs in public grilling Wall Street edges higher but oil prices jump Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read The curse of the consultants is spreading fast Comey falls victim to Trump’s Tuesday night massacre The UK election, Brexit and the five stages of grief Trump stumbles into dangerous territory Cable cowboy John Malone views a new landscape Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Juncker’s English taunt touched a raw Brexit nerve Why paternal age matters to children’s health Unrealistic expectations put millennials at risk of burnout London employers help millennials live near the office How a five-day business course changed a life Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read The charm of Mme Macron: a little bit of Essex in the Elysée Palace How liberals lost touch with the ‘left behind’ Men Without Women by Haruki Murakami — island life Arvind Subramanian, economic adviser to Narendra Modi Man versus machine: when Garry Kasparov met his match Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Merck Add to myFT Merck boosted by FDA approval for Keytruda use with chemo Fast FT Read next Fast FT Merck climbs on strong hep C drug sales, guidance boost Tuesday, 2 May, 2017 Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save May 10, 2017 by: Jessica Dye, David Crow Merck shares ticked up on Wednesday evening after US drug regulators cleared the use of its immunotherapy drug Keytruda in combination with chemotherapy for lung cancer patients. The US pharmaceutical company’s shares rose more than 3 per cent in after-hours trading following its announcement of the US Food and Drug Administration’s green-light for the cocktail of drugs under its “accelerated approval” programme, which allows new treatments to be given to patients on the basis of small clinical trials pending the results of larger studies. Dr. Roger Perlmutter, president of Merck Research Laboratories, said: “The improved responses seen with the Keytruda plus pemetrexed/carboplatin regimen are significant, and highlight the importance of finding new approaches that address the unmet needs of patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer. Today’s approval further supports our commitment to improve the lives of people with cancer.” Rival drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb had been hoping to be the first company to bring a combination for lung cancer to the market by pairing its immunotherapy Opdivo with one of its older drugs. But earlier this year it told investors it had given up hope of securing expedited approval for the cocktail. Total sales of Keytruda reached $1.4bn in 2016, more than double the $566m from a year earlier, according to regulatory filings. US sales of Keytruda jumped to roughly $260m in the first two months of 2017, an 80 per cent increase from the same period a year earlier, according to IMS, a data provider that tracks medicine sales. Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save Latest on Merck Fast FT Merck climbs on strong hep C drug sales, guidance boost Tuesday, 2 May, 2017 The demands of disease drive science Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 The road to elimination of neglected tropical diseases Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 ‘We didn’t know we would go blind’: fighting onchocerciasis in Ghana Tuesday, 18 April, 2017 Merck’s Keytruda cancer drug records sales surge Monday, 3 April, 2017 Latest on Merck Add to myFT Latest in Pharmaceuticals Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article Pharmaceuticals Add to myFT Fast FT Add to myFT Food & Drug Administration Add to myFT United States of America Add to myFT Companies Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Jessica Dye Add to myFT David Crow Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Comments have not been enabled for this article. Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA Approves Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) as First-Line Combination Therapy with Pemetrexed and Carboplatin for Patients with Metastatic Nonsquamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), Irrespective of PD-L1 Expression KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in combination with pemetrexed (brand name Alimta®) and carboplatin (pem/carbo), a commonly used chemotherapy regimen, for the first-line treatment of metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 expression. Under the FDA’s accelerated approval regulations, this indication is approved based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival (PFS). Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The approval was based on data from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1, in 123 previously untreated patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations and irrespective of PD-L1 expression. In this trial, KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo demonstrated an objective response rate (ORR) that was nearly double the ORR of pem/carbo alone (55 percent [95% CI: 42, 68] compared to 29 percent [95% CI: 18, 41], respectively; all responses were partial responses). Among patients who received KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo, 93 percent had a duration of response of six months or more (range 1.4+ to 13.0+ months) compared to 81 percent who received pem/carbo alone (range 1.4+ to 15.2+ months). In addition, findings demonstrated an improvement in PFS (HR 0.53 [95% CI, 0.31-0.91; p=0.0205]), with a median PFS of 13.0 months (95% CI, 8.3-not estimable) for patients treated with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 8.9 months (95% CI, 4.4-10.3) with pem/carbo alone. Immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred with KEYTRUDA including pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, and nephritis. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, KEYTRUDA should be withheld or discontinued and corticosteroids administered when appropriate. KEYTRUDA can also cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions; for Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Female patients of reproductive potential should be advised of the potential hazard to a fetus. For more information regarding immune-mediated and infusion-related adverse reactions and use in pregnancy, see “Selected Important Safety Information” below. “The improved responses seen with the KEYTRUDA plus pemetrexed/carboplatin regimen are significant, and highlight the importance of finding new approaches that address the unmet needs of patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer,” said Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, president, Merck Research Laboratories. “Today’s approval further supports our commitment to improve the lives of people with cancer.” “This approval marks an important milestone in the treatment of lung cancer. Now, pembrolizumab in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin can be prescribed in the first-line setting for patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer, irrespective of PD-L1 expression,” said Dr. Corey Langer, director of thoracic oncology and professor of medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “Physicians should continue to use each patient’s individual characteristics – including biomarker status, histology, and other clinical factors – to determine the best treatment plan for each person.” The combination therapy indication makes KEYTRUDA an option for more patients. KEYTRUDA is the only anti-PD-1 approved in the first-line setting as both monotherapy and combination therapy for appropriate patients with metastatic NSCLC. KEYTRUDA is approved as monotherapy in the first-line setting for patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score [TPS] ≥50%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA as monotherapy is also indicated for the second-line or greater treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. “The combination of this immunotherapy with pemetrexed and carboplatin is more good news for patients,” said Bonnie J. Addario, a lung cancer survivor and founder of the Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation. “Congratulations to Merck and the FDA for moving so swiftly on this important addition to our patients’ options for treatment. With this approval, hope for lung cancer patients continues to improve.” Data Supporting the Approval The efficacy of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was investigated in patients enrolled in the open-label, multicenter, multi-cohort KEYNOTE-021 study; the efficacy data are limited to patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC randomized within the single cohort (Cohort G1). The KEYNOTE-021G1 trial was conducted in collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company, the maker of pemetrexed. The key eligibility criteria for this cohort were locally advanced or metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, regardless of tumor PD-L1 expression status, and no prior systemic treatment for metastatic disease. Patients with autoimmune disease that required systemic therapy within two years of treatment; a medical condition that required immunosuppression; or who had received more than 30 Gy of thoracic radiation within the prior 26 weeks were ineligible. Patients in KEYNOTE-021G1 were randomized to receive KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo (n=60) or pem/carbo alone (n=63). Patients in the KEYTRUDA combination arm received KEYTRUDA (200 mg), pemetrexed (500 mg/m2), and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) every three weeks for four cycles followed by KEYTRUDA every three weeks. In the control arm, patients received pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) alone for four cycles. At the investigator’s discretion, maintenance pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) every three weeks was permitted in both treatment arms. Treatment with KEYTRUDA continued until Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) 1.1-defined progression of disease as determined by blinded independent central review (BICR), unacceptable toxicity, or a maximum of 24 months. Administration of KEYTRUDA was permitted beyond RECIST-defined disease progression if the patient was clinically stable and deriving clinical benefit as determined by the investigator. The major efficacy outcome measure was ORR as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1. Additional efficacy outcome measures were PFS as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1, duration of response, and overall survival (OS). Findings from this cohort demonstrated an ORR with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo of 55 percent (95% CI: 42, 68) compared to 29 percent (95% CI: 18, 41) for pem/carbo alone. KEYTRUDA in this combination also reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent (HR, 0.53 [95% CI, 0.31, 0.91]; p=0.0205). Exploratory analyses found similar results in patients with or without PD-L1 expression, with an ORR in patients whose tumors did not express PD-L1 (TPS <1%) of 57 percent with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 13.0 percent with pem/carbo alone; in patients with PD-L1 TPS ≥1%, the ORR was 54 percent with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 38 percent with pem/carbo alone. Efficacy Results from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1 Endpoint       KEYTRUDA + Pem/Carbo (n=60)       Pem/Carbo (n=63) Overall Response Rate                 Overall Response Rate       55%       29% (95% CI)       (42, 68)       (18, 41) Complete Response       0%       0% Partial Response       55%       29% p-value*       0.0032 Duration of Response                 % with duration ≥6-months†       93%       81% Range (months)       1.4+ to 13.0+       1.4+ to 15.2+ PFS                 Number of events (%)       23 (38%)       33 (52%) Progressive Disease       15 (25%)       27 (43%) Death       8 (13%)       6 (10%) Median in months (95% CI)       13.0 (8.3, NE)       8.9 (4.4, 10.3) Hazard ratio‡ (95% CI)       0.53 (0.31, 0.91) p-value§       0.0205 *   Based on Miettinen-Nurminen method stratified by PD-L1 status (TPS < 1% vs. TPS ≥ 1%) † Based on Kaplan-Meier estimation ‡ Based on the Cox proportional hazard model stratified by PD-L1 status (TPS < 1% vs. TPS ≥ 1%) § Based on the log-rank test stratified by PD-L1 status (TPS < 1% vs. TPS ≥ 1%) NE = not estimable   In the KEYNOTE-021G1 trial, safety was evaluated in 59 patients who received KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) + pem/carbo and 62 patients who received pem/carbo alone. KEYNOTE-021 was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, as compared to chemotherapy alone, for any specified adverse reaction listed in the chart below. KEYTRUDA was discontinued for adverse reactions in 10 percent of patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). Adverse Reactions Occurring in ≥20% of Patients in KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1       KEYTRUDA + Pem/Carbo n=59     Pem/Carbo n=62 Adverse Reaction     All Grades* (%)     Grade 3-4 (%)     All Grades (%)     Grade 3-4 (%) General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions Fatigue     71     3.4     50     0 Peripheral Edema     22     0     18     0 Gastrointestinal Disorders Nausea     68     1.7     56     0 Constipation     51     0     37     1.6 Vomiting     39     1.7     27     0 Diarrhea     37     1.7     23     1.6 Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Disorders Rash†     42     1.7     21     1.6 Pruritus     24     0     4.8     0 Alopecia     20     0     3.2     0 Respiratory, Thoracic and Mediastinal Disorders Dyspnea     39     3.4     21     0 Cough     24     0     18     0 Metabolism and Nutrition Disorders Decreased Appetite     31     0     23     0 Nervous System Disorders Headache     31     0     16     1.6 Dizziness     24     0     16     0 Dysgeusia     20     0     11     0 Psychiatric Disorders Insomnia     24     0     15     0 Infections and Infestations Upper respiratory tract infection     20     0     3.2     0 Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue Disorders Arthralgia     15     0     24     1.6 *   Graded per NCI CTCAE v4.0 † Includes rash, rash generalized, rash macular, rash maculo-papular, and rash pruritic.   When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with pem/carbo, KEYTRUDA should be administered first prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is approved at a fixed dose of 200 mg administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression; pemetrexed and carboplatin should be administered according to their FDA-approved labels. About KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 450 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA®(pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was administered in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%).The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs. 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24%vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). The study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, as compared to chemotherapy alone, for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 450 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck Access Program for KEYTRUDA At Merck, we are committed to supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines. Merck provides multiple programs to help ensure that appropriate patients who are prescribed KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) have access to our anti-PD-1 therapy. The Merck Access Program provides reimbursement support for patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including information to help with out-of-pocket costs and co-pay assistance for eligible patients. Merck also offers free product through our patient assistance program to eligible patients, primarily the uninsured, who, without our assistance, could not afford their medicine. More information is available by calling 1-855-257-3932 or visiting www.merckaccessprogram-keytruda.com. About Merck’s Patient Support Program for KEYTRUDA Merck is committed to helping provide patients and their caregivers support throughout their treatment with KEYTRUDA. The KEY+YOU Patient Support Program provides a range of resources and services. For further information and to sign up, patients and physicians may call 85-KEYTRUDA (855-398-7832) or visit www.keytruda.com. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf. Alimta® is a registered trademark of Eli Lilly and Company. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Monaco Investment Corporation Fundada para Conduzir o Programa Global de Investimentos Diretos Soberanos Next PostNext Atherosclerosis Drugs Market sales 2021: Trends and Growth, Segmentation and Key Companies Search Recent Posts World Two-Factor Authentication Market 2021 to Grow at a CAGR of 23.57%: Top Manufacturers Analysis, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, with Forecast Global Chatbot Market by 2021 Expected to Grow at a CAGR 37.11%: Foremost Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Forecast & Analysis by Types and Applications International DC Power System Market 2021: Leading Manufacturers (Huawei,Delta Electronics) Analysis, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, & Forecast Human Hepatitis B Immunoglobulin (HBIG) Market: Regional Industry Segment by Production, Consumption, Revenue and Growth Rate by 2021 National Organization of Church Security and Safety Management (NOCSSM) 13th Annual National Church Security Conference – Grace Church, Frisco, Texas RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,943 -32.67 -0.16% Nasdaq 6,129 +8.56 +0.14% S&P 500 2,400 +2.71 +0.11% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,403.34 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,376.61 3:02 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 396.01 2:55 A.M. ET BT cuts CEO's bonus as profit falls; dividend up 2:54 A.M. ET Coca-Cola HBC revenue rises on EM trading 2:53 A.M. ET Stada management back Bain, Cinven takeover offer 2:53 A.M. ET Telefonica profit up 42% on currency gains 2:51 A.M. ET Henkel net profit up 14% after Sun Products buy 2:51 A.M. ET Zurich profit falls but upbeat on outlook 2:50 A.M. ET KBC posts profit on higher lending, deposits 2:49 A.M. ET Barclays to pay $97 mln to settle SEC allegations 2:48 A.M. ET Draghi, Dutch lawmakers clash over ECB's stimulus 2:47 A.M. ET Diageo to dispute additional taxes, interest 2:47 A.M. ET Barclays chair backs embattled Staley over probe 2:08 A.M. ET Oil gains lift most Asian markets, but China sags on liquidity worries 1:45 A.M. ET UniCredit reports profit of 907 million euros 1:29 A.M. ET Oil boosted by signs U.S. crude glut is shrinking 1:06 A.M. ET Credit Agricole profit more than triples 5/10 Updated Americans will talk about sex and infidelity before they talk about this… 5/10 Updated What to do when, like James Comey, you suddenly get fired Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release FDA Approves Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) as First-Line Combination Therapy with Pemetrexed and Carboplatin for Patients with Metastatic Nonsquamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), Irrespective of PD-L1 Expression By Published: May 10, 2017 5:39 p.m. ET Share First Approval for an Anti-PD-1 Therapy as a Combination in Metastatic Nonsquamous NSCLC KENILWORTH, N.J., May 10, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, +1.03% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in combination with pemetrexed (brand name Alimta [®] ) and carboplatin (pem/carbo), a commonly used chemotherapy regimen, for the first-line treatment of metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 expression. Under the FDA’s accelerated approval regulations, this indication is approved based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival (PFS). Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The approval was based on data from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1, in 123 previously untreated patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations and irrespective of PD-L1 expression. In this trial, KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo demonstrated an objective response rate (ORR) that was nearly double the ORR of pem/carbo alone (55 percent [95% ci:42)(68] compared to 29 percent [95% ci:18)(68] compared to 29 percent [95% ci:41])(68] compared to 29 percent [95% ci:respectively)(68] compared to 29 percent [95% ci:all responses were partial responses). Among patients who received KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo, 93 percent had a duration of response of six months or more (range 1.4+ to 13.0+ months) compared to 81 percent who received pem/carbo alone (range 1.4+ to 15.2+ months). In addition, findings demonstrated an improvement in PFS (HR 0.53 [95% CI, 0.31-0.91; p=0.0205]), with a median PFS of 13.0 months (95% CI, 8.3-not estimable) for patients treated with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 8.9 months (95% CI, 4.4-10.3) with pem/carbo alone. Immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred with KEYTRUDA including pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, and nephritis. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, KEYTRUDA should be withheld or discontinued and corticosteroids administered when appropriate. KEYTRUDA can also cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions; for Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Female patients of reproductive potential should be advised of the potential hazard to a fetus. For more information regarding immune-mediated and infusion-related adverse reactions and use in pregnancy, see “Selected Important Safety Information” below. “The improved responses seen with the KEYTRUDA plus pemetrexed/carboplatin regimen are significant, and highlight the importance of finding new approaches that address the unmet needs of patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer,” said Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, president, Merck Research Laboratories. “Today’s approval further supports our commitment to improve the lives of people with cancer.” “This approval marks an important milestone in the treatment of lung cancer. Now, pembrolizumab in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin can be prescribed in the first-line setting for patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer, irrespective of PD-L1 expression,” said Dr. Corey Langer, director of thoracic oncology and professor of medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “Physicians should continue to use each patient’s individual characteristics – including biomarker status, histology, and other clinical factors – to determine the best treatment plan for each person.” The combination therapy indication makes KEYTRUDA an option for more patients. KEYTRUDA is the only anti-PD-1 approved in the first-line setting as both monotherapy and combination therapy for appropriate patients with metastatic NSCLC. KEYTRUDA is approved as monotherapy in the first-line setting for patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score [TPS] greater-than or equal to 50%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA as monotherapy is also indicated for the second-line or greater treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS greater-than or equal to 1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. “The combination of this immunotherapy with pemetrexed and carboplatin is more good news for patients,” said Bonnie J. Addario, a lung cancer survivor and founder of the Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation. “Congratulations to Merck and the FDA for moving so swiftly on this important addition to our patients’ options for treatment. With this approval, hope for lung cancer patients continues to improve.” Data Supporting the Approval The efficacy of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was investigated in patients enrolled in the open-label, multicenter, multi-cohort KEYNOTE-021 study; the efficacy data are limited to patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC randomized within the single cohort (Cohort G1). The KEYNOTE-021G1 trial was conducted in collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company, the maker of pemetrexed. The key eligibility criteria for this cohort were locally advanced or metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, regardless of tumor PD-L1 expression status, and no prior systemic treatment for metastatic disease. Patients with autoimmune disease that required systemic therapy within two years of treatment; a medical condition that required immunosuppression; or who had received more than 30 Gy of thoracic radiation within the prior 26 weeks were ineligible. Patients in KEYNOTE-021G1 were randomized to receive KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo (n=60) or pem/carbo alone (n=63). Patients in the KEYTRUDA combination arm received KEYTRUDA (200 mg), pemetrexed (500 mg/m [2] ), and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) every three weeks for four cycles followed by KEYTRUDA every three weeks. In the control arm, patients received pemetrexed (500 mg/m [2] ) and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) alone for four cycles. At the investigator’s discretion, maintenance pemetrexed (500 mg/m [2] ) every three weeks was permitted in both treatment arms. Treatment with KEYTRUDA continued until Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) 1.1-defined progression of disease as determined by blinded independent central review (BICR), unacceptable toxicity, or a maximum of 24 months. Administration of KEYTRUDA was permitted beyond RECIST-defined disease progression if the patient was clinically stable and deriving clinical benefit as determined by the investigator. The major efficacy outcome measure was ORR as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1. Additional efficacy outcome measures were PFS as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1, duration of response, and overall survival (OS). Findings from this cohort demonstrated an ORR with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo of 55 percent (95% ci:42)(95% ci:68) compared to 29 percent (95% ci:18)(95% ci:41) for pem/carbo alone. KEYTRUDA in this combination also reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent (HR, 0.53 [95% CI, 0.31, 0.91]; p=0.0205). Exploratory analyses found similar results in patients with or without PD-L1 expression, with an ORR in patients whose tumors did not express PD-L1 (TPS <1%) of 57 percent with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 13.0 percent with pem/carbo alone; in patients with PD-L1 TPS greater-than or equal to 1%, the ORR was 54 percent with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 38 percent with pem/carbo alone. Efficacy Results from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1 Endpoint       KEYTRUDA + Pem/Carbo (n=60)       Pem/Carbo (n=63) Overall Response Rate                 Overall Response Rate       55%       29% (95% CI)       (42, 68)       (18, 41) Complete Response       0%       0% Partial Response       55%       29% p-value*       0.0032 Duration of Response                 % with duration greater-than or equal to 6-months [+]       93%       81% Range (months)       1.4+ to 13.0+       1.4+ to 15.2+ PFS                 Number of events (%)       23 (38%)       33 (52%) Progressive Disease       15 (25%)       27 (43%) Death       8 (13%)       6 (10%) Median in months (95% CI)       13.0 (8.3, NE)       8.9 (4.4, 10.3) Hazard ratio [+] (95% CI)       0.53 (0.31, 0.91) p-value []       0.0205 *   Based on Miettinen-Nurminen method stratified by PD-L1 status (TPS < 1% vs. TPS greater-than or equal to 1%) [+] Based on Kaplan-Meier estimation [+] Based on the Cox proportional hazard model stratified by PD-L1 status (TPS < 1% vs. TPS greater-than or equal to 1%) Based on the log-rank test stratified by PD-L1 status (TPS < 1% vs. TPS greater-than or equal to 1%) NE = not estimable   In the KEYNOTE-021G1 trial, safety was evaluated in 59 patients who received KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) + pem/carbo and 62 patients who received pem/carbo alone. KEYNOTE-021 was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, as compared to chemotherapy alone, for any specified adverse reaction listed in the chart below. KEYTRUDA was discontinued for adverse reactions in 10 percent of patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (greater-than or equal to 2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). Adverse Reactions Occurring in greater-than or equal to 20% of Patients in KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1       KEYTRUDA + Pem/Carbo n=59     Pem/Carbo n=62 Adverse Reaction     All Grades* (%)     Grade 3-4 (%)     All Grades (%)     Grade 3-4 (%) General Disorders and Administration Site Conditions Fatigue     71     3.4     50     0 Peripheral Edema     22     0     18     0 Gastrointestinal Disorders Nausea     68     1.7     56     0 Constipation     51     0     37     1.6 Vomiting     39     1.7     27     0 Diarrhea     37     1.7     23     1.6 Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Disorders Rash [+]     42     1.7     21     1.6 Pruritus     24     0     4.8     0 Alopecia     20     0     3.2     0 Respiratory, Thoracic and Mediastinal Disorders Dyspnea     39     3.4     21     0 Cough     24     0     18     0 Metabolism and Nutrition Disorders Decreased Appetite     31     0     23     0 Nervous System Disorders Headache     31     0     16     1.6 Dizziness     24     0     16     0 Dysgeusia     20     0     11     0 Psychiatric Disorders Insomnia     24     0     15     0 Infections and Infestations Upper respiratory tract infection     20     0     3.2     0 Musculoskeletal and Connective Tissue Disorders Arthralgia     15     0     24     1.6 *   Graded per NCI CTCAE v4.0 [+] Includes rash, rash generalized, rash macular, rash maculo-papular, and rash pruritic.   When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with pem/carbo, KEYTRUDA should be administered first prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is approved at a fixed dose of 200 mg administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression; pemetrexed and carboplatin should be administered according to their FDA-approved labels. About KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 450 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab)Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) greater-than or equal to 50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS greater-than or equal to 1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was administered in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (greater-than or equal to 2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%).The most common adverse reactions (greater-than or equal to 20%) with KEYTRUDA compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs. 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24%vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). The study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, as compared to chemotherapy alone, for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 450 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck Access Program for KEYTRUDA At Merck, we are committed to supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines. Merck provides multiple programs to help ensure that appropriate patients who are prescribed KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) have access to our anti-PD-1 therapy. The Merck Access Program provides reimbursement support for patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including information to help with out-of-pocket costs and co-pay assistance for eligible patients. Merck also offers free product through our patient assistance program to eligible patients, primarily the uninsured, who, without our assistance, could not afford their medicine. More information is available by calling 1-855-257-3932 or visiting www.merckaccessprogram-keytruda.com. About Merck’s Patient Support Program for KEYTRUDA Merck is committed to helping provide patients and their caregivers support throughout their treatment with KEYTRUDA. The KEY+YOU Patient Support Program provides a range of resources and services. For further information and to sign up, patients and physicians may call 85-KEYTRUDA (855-398-7832) or visit www.keytruda.com. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world - including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer's disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . Alimta [®]  is a registered trademark of Eli Lilly and Company. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170510006682/en/ SOURCE: Merck"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Merck Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References MRK +0.65 +1.03% Most Popular Wine and cheese make you smart and healthy, according to new studies This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba Here’s the ‘closest thing to a sure bet’ in stocks in next 6 months Why Snap lost $2.2 billion in its first quarter as a public company The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.94 +0.65 (+1.03%) Volume 9.2M Open $63.13 High $63.95 Low $63.09 P/E Ratio 41.09 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 173.5B
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Roche Throws a New Wrinkle Into the IO Market By Max Nisen Photographer: Craig Jones/Getty Images Max Nisen Max Nisen is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering biotech, pharma and health care. He previously wrote about management and corporate strategy for Quartz and Business Insider. Follow @MaxNisen Facebook Twitter Email Print Share May 10, 2017 2:56 PM EDT ROCHE HOLDING AG-GENUSSCHEIN -5.00 At Closing, May 10th 267.60 CHF BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB CO -0.18 At Closing, May 10th 55.14 USD The market for a new class of immune-boosting cancer drugs may be the most closely watched in the pharma world. It's also one of the most unsteady. The fortunes of five mammoth companies with FDA-approved drugs in this category -- Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Merck & Co., AstraZeneca PLC, Pfizer Inc. and Roche Holding AG -- depend in various degrees on how this market shakes out.  Last year, Roche's entry in the sweepstakes, Tecentriq, got what the FDA calls an "accelerated approval" to treat previously treated bladder cancer. Permanent approval depended on a new trial confirming the encouraging results of an earlier trial. But Roche on Wednesday announced that confirmatory trial had flopped, throwing the immune-oncology (IO) market into fresh turmoil.  The FDA may pull the drug's approval for this subset of patients, and the drug's broader efficacy is now in question. Investors should take this as another forceful reminder that this new class of drugs is prone to cycles of disruption and hype and should be treated with caution.  Brakes Roche shares fell after its cancer drug Tecentriq failed a late stage clinical trial Source: Bloomberg If the FDA retracts Roche's accelerated approval, then that will be bad news for a drug that has gotten off to an impressive start. Tecentriq managed more than $100 million in sales in the first quarter, only its fourth quarter on the market. An expected European approval in previously treated bladder cancer patients is now likely off the table.   And this news raises fears that other medicines may fail trials designed to confirm promising early results. Three other drugs have gotten accelerated approvals to treat bladder cancer, with two of those approvals coming in the past 10 days. The accelerated-approval pathway is one reason these drugs have expanded to so many cancers so rapidly. Roche's failure makes it a bit harder to count on the ever-escalating sales ramp-up analysts expect for these medicines.   Blue-Sky Thinking A Roche trial failure is a reminder of the risks of analyst assumptions of skyrocketing immune-oncology drug sales Source: Bloomberg Much depends on what exactly is behind Roche's failure. This is the second time another company has failed in an area where Merck's drug Keytruda has succeeded. Merck is awaiting an FDA decision on its own successful bladder-cancer trial. Keytruda also succeeded in treating newly diagnosed lung-cancer patients, where Bristol's drug Opdivo failed.  There's a small chance Merck's drug is superior to at least Opdivo and Tecentriq. That might lead oncologists to prefer Merck's drug in cancers where several of these drugs compete.  But Merck has also restricted many of its trials to patients most likely to benefit, while other firms have targeted broader populations, in hopes of expanding the potential market for these medicines. Roche's stumble might simply be due to overly aggressive trial design -- or just bad luck. If so, then Roche's failure may be isolated. But there's also a chance these drugs have less upside than companies have hoped, and that the FDA should demand more evidence of their benefit before granting wide approval for drugs that cost more than $12,000 a month.  These new concerns come atop a bevy of other uncertainties for the sector. Firms are testing dozens of different combinations of these medicines with other drugs and treatments. One or more of these approaches could dramatically reshape the market in the coming years. And we've yet to see how much having three or more potentially substitutable drugs in a given cancer will impact pricing power.  Today wasn't the first time an IO drug has had its prospects unexpectedly upended in a single day, and likely won't be the last.   This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Max Nisen in New York at mnisen@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mark Gongloff at mgongloff1@bloomberg.net SoftBank investment in latest Didi round $5 billion dependent variables Masa Bets on a Cast of Stars Tech Tim Culpan Hungry For More Hungry For More Whole Foods shares have run up 20% in the past year, thanks partly to deal rumors Source: Bloomberg Shelf Life Whole Foods Buys Time Consumer Shelly Banjo Snapchat Daily Users 166 million  Niche Pitch Here's Something Else Snapchat Should Worry About Tech Shira Ovide Cover Me Cover Me Anbang was the second-biggest insurer by sales during the first quarter after state-owned China Life Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, China Insurance Regulatory Commission Note: Insurance sales includes universal life policies. School of Hard Knocks Life Just Got Tough(er) for China's Upstart Insurers Finance Nisha Gopalan Deal Chatter Deal Chatter Abercrombie & Fitch shares shot up after deal reports Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Bargain Bin Don't Dismiss Abercrombie Deal Talk Consumer Shelly Banjo Sliding Doors Sliding Doors Investors in a number of takeover targets including Capital Bank have anticipated loftier premiums than what has been ultimately agreed Source: Bloomberg West Corp. Buyout Beware Takeovers That Turn Into Takeunders Deals Gillian Tan Deal Spectrum Troubled 20/20 Hindsight That Troubled Hertz Car Rental Deal Deals Tara Lachapelle Swinging the Axa Sweating the Asset Managers Finance Lionel Laurent Ouch Ouch TalkTalk shares have lagged both the U.K. and telecoms indices Source: Bloomberg All Talk at TalkTalk? Myth of the Great Corporate Savior Tech Leila Abboud Aberdeen Merger The Misery of Managing Other People's Money Markets Mark Gilbert Le Pen Effect Le Pen Effect Political turmoil has left French yields higher than at year-end despite Macron's win Source: Bloomberg Finally Relaxed The Return of Europe's Long Bonds Markets Marcus Ashworth No Appetite No Appetite U.S. restaurant sales have drifted down over the past year Source: MillerPulse/Bloomberg Intelligence Elegant Sufficiency Pret A Manger IPO Avoids Messy Long Lunch Consumer Andrea Felsted Encore Performance Hedge Funds Run Out of Investment Ideas Finance Stephen Gandel In Recovery In Recovery Toyota's net income won't regain its 2016 level until 2020 Source: Bloomberg, analyst estimates extreme makeover Toyota's Squeezed Middle Autos David Fickling The Secret of NIM The Secret of NIM Net interest margins at Australia's big four banks aren't that high in relation to many of their U.S. and European peers Source: Bloomberg crisis barrier This Levy Won't Break the Banks Finance David Fickling Waiting Waiting Sales for both smartphone chipmakers have been slowing, or declining, as the industry looks for something new to spur growth Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Seeking an assistant Talk to Your Air Conditioner, Please Tech Tim Culpan China Evergrande total debt $77.1 billion Evacuation Plan Think China Home Prices Can't Topple? Think Again Real Estate Nisha Gopalan Easy to Please Easy to Please Valeant shares jumped after the company boosted full-year earnings guidance Source: Bloomberg Fig Leaf Valeant Can't Paper Over Its Problems Health Max Nisen Tech Tonic EOG's Appliance Of Science in Shale Energy Liam Denning Slowly Climbing Slowly Climbing The average U.S. bank deal size is slowly but surely climbing, and that trend should continue if regulation is relaxed further Source: Sandler O'Neill via FactSet, Evercore ISI, SNL Financial (now part of S&P Global Market Intelligence), company data *Deals with target assets over $500 million; as of May 2017 Regionals, Unite JPMorgan Bankers Are Preaching to the Choir Finance Gillian Tan Lost Decades Lost Decades The U.S. financial sector hasn't moved much since Glass-Steagall was repealed in 1999 Source: Bloomberg Point of No Return Don't Pine for Glass-Steagall Markets Nir Kaissar Estimated Number of Amazon Echo Owners in the U.S. 10.7 million Crystal Globe Amazon Echo Is a Bet on What Comes Next Tech Shira Ovide Treading Water Treading Water Pentair shares haven't seen significant gains under Trian's watch so far Source: Bloomberg Pent-Up Pentair Sets a Breakup Blueprint Industrials Brooke Sutherland Slowing Down Slowing Down Liberty Global revenue doesn't look as good as it used to Source: Bloomberg Figures adjusted to reflect the Dutch unit being deconsolidated after the Vodafone JV On Liberty Home Sweet Home for the Billionaire Cable Cowboy Media Leila Abboud
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Technology Why Roche's Cancer Failure Might Tank Bristol, Pfizer — But Not Merck Roche's immuno-oncology drug Tecentriq failed to improve overall survival vs. chemotherapy in a Phase 3 trial to treat bladder cancer. (Roche) ALLISON GATLIN 5/10/2017 Reprints The failure of Roche's (RHHBY) Tecentriq in a late-stage trial as a bladder cancer drug could bode badly for not only the company but several of its rivals, though it appears Merck (MRK) may come out ahead, an analyst suggested Wednesday. Early Wednesday, Roche said its immuno-oncology drug Tecentriq failed to improve overall survival vs. chemotherapy in a Phase 3 trial of bladder cancer patients who had already received chemotherapy. Later in the day, however, Merck's Keytruda won a key approval, though it was not for bladder cancer. After the close, the Food and Drug Administration gave the nod for Keytruda to treat what is known as metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer in conjunction with chemotherapy. Shares of Merck jumped 3.1% in after-hours trading to 65.90. During the regular session, Merck gained 1% to 63.94. While Tecentriq's approval as a treatment for bladder cancer could be at risk, wrote Evercore analyst Umer Raffat in a note to clients, Merck's Keytruda could simply be a better drug than it or any of its other rivals. Keytruda is expected to gain full approval in bladder cancer, based on a trial in which it topped chemo in improving patients' overall survival rate. Last year, in another trial, Keytruda improved progression-free survival in lung cancer patients to a median 10.3 months vs. six months for chemo. In a similar trial, Bristol-Myers' (BMY) Opdivo improved progression-free survival to a median 4.2 months vs. 5.9 months for chemo. "We now have a second cancer indication where Merck's Keytruda worked but a competitor PD-1 or PD-L1 didn't," he said. "This is one of those data points that makes you pause for a second." Tecentriq's accelerated approval for bladder cancer was contingent on the Phase 3 results. The FDA warned that if the drug failed it could "withdraw this approval." Drugs from three of Roche's rivals — Pfizer's (PFE) Bavencio, Bristol's Opdivo and Merck's Keytruda — all belong to a class of drugs that block the interaction between a PD-1 protein on an immune system cell and the PD-L1 protein on the surface of a cancer cell to help the immune system identify the cancer. Tecentriq has a slightly different mechanism. It works by targeting the PD-L1 protein on the cancer cell. Like Tecentriq, Bavencio and Opdivo have accelerated approvals in second-line bladder cancer. Evercore's Raffat questioned whether Tecentriq's results demonstrate a broader problem with immuno-oncology drugs in bladder cancer. "Is there a broader risk to (immuno-oncology) monotherapy in this indication?" he asked. "We note that Bristol-Myers had a slightly higher (overall response rate) in this indication than Pfizer and Roche." IBD'S TAKE: The immuno-oncology market could be worth $25 billion by 2025, just taking into account the protein and enzyme targets already identified, an analyst says. Visit IBD's Technology page for a deep dive on the industry. On the stock market today, Roche stock ended trading down nearly 2% to 33.18. Shares hit a 32.72 buy point on April 26 out of a cup-with-handle that began forming last June. Bristol-Myers stock sank a fraction, to 55.14, then lost another 1.7% to 54.23 after hours. Pfizer was down fractionally both in the regular session and after hours. Tecentriq's failure in bladder cancer puts Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez's model at risk. Previously, Fernandez modeled $2.3 billion in peak worldwide bladder cancer sales for PD-1 and PD-L1 immuno-oncology drugs. He expected Tecentriq to take 40% of the market, and Keytruda to seize 30%, followed by Opdivo at 20% and AstraZeneca's (AZN) Imfinzi, a PD-L1 antibody, with 10%. Pfizer's Bavencio could also "gain modest share as well," he said. RELATED: Bristol-Myers 'Too Risky' To Acquire As Merck, Roche Pile On Pressure Bristol-Myers Beats Gilead, Merck To Key Approvals In China, Europe Did Gilead Just Provide Some 'Incyte' Into A Potential Deal? ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Snap Is Losing Facebook Clone War; This Dow Drug Stock Nears Buy 5/11/2017 Stock futures were steady late Wednesday, while Snapchat parent crashed and Dow drug giant Merck popped to near a buy... 5/11/2017 Stock futures were steady late Wednesday, while Snapchat parent crashed... Tesaro Gets A Jump In Ovarian Cancer As Rivalries Heat Up Biotech And Pharma Industry And Stock News How Clovis Might Still Quash AstraZeneca, Tesaro In Cancer Bristol-Myers 'Too Risky' To Acquire As Merck, Roche Pile On Pressure Did Gilead Just Provide Some 'Incyte' Into A Potential Deal? Gilead Topples On Consensus-Lagging Q1 As Hepatitis C Drug Sales Plummet Dow's Merck Tops Views And Raises Outlook, But Key Drug Lags Dow's Pfizer Tops Earnings Views, But Sales Come Up Short Today's Spotlight IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Indianapolis (5/13) or Austin (6/3) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Don’t Miss The MoneyShow Join IBD investing experts for free workshops at Las Vegas and learn more about IBD products. Try SwingTrader For Free Download our app! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News What To Make Of Energy Dividends As Profits Recover But Oil Skids No longer a cool kid, teen retailer Abercrombie & Fitch confirmed reports that it's in buyout talks as peers like Aeropostale and Wet Seal have filed for bankruptcy. (Jonathan Weiss/Shutterstock) Abercrombie & Fitch Confirms It's In Buyout Talks The time to build an ark is when the sun is shining Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Economic Optimism Index Economic optimism held mostly steady in May, remaining 2.1 points above its all-time average of 49.2. INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 2017 Animal Parasiticides Report on Global and United States Market Status and Forecast by Players,Types and Applications   View as PDF  Print View    WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – „2017 Animal Parasiticides Report on Global and United States Market Status and Forecast by Players,Types and Applications”. Pune, India – May 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — This report studies Animal Parasiticides in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Bayer Zoetis Sanofi Boehringer Ingelheim Merck & Co. Novartis AG Ceva Sante Animale ELI Lilly and Company Virbac Perrigo Company Vetoquinol Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1270468-global-animal-parasiticides-market-professional-survey-report-2017 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com By types, the market can be split into Oral Liquids Tablets Injectables Sprays Other By Application, the market can be split into Animal Home Care By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1270468-global-animal-parasiticides-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points Global Animal Parasiticides Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Animal Parasiticides 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Animal Parasiticides 1.1.1 Definition of Animal Parasiticides 1.1.2 Specifications of Animal Parasiticides 1.2 Classification of Animal Parasiticides 1.2.1 Oral Liquids 1.2.2 Tablets 1.2.3 Injectables 1.2.4 Sprays 1.2.5 Other 1.3 Applications of Animal Parasiticides 1.3.1 Animal 1.3.2 Home Care 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Animal Parasiticides 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Animal Parasiticides 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Animal Parasiticides 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Animal Parasiticides ……. 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Animal Parasiticides 8.1 Bayer 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Bayer 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Bayer 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Zoetis 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Zoetis 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Zoetis 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Sanofi 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Sanofi 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Sanofi 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Boehringer Ingelheim 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Boehringer Ingelheim 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Boehringer Ingelheim 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Merck & Co. 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Merck & Co. 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Merck & Co. 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Novartis AG 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Novartis AG 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Novartis AG 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Ceva Sante Animale 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Ceva Sante Animale 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Ceva Sante Animale 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 ELI Lilly and Company 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 ELI Lilly and Company 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 ELI Lilly and Company 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis Continued……. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1270468 ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Contact Info: Name: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt Ltd. Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Phone: +1-646-845-9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/2017-animal-parasiticides-report-on-global-and-united-states-market-status-and-forecast-by-playerstypes-and-applications/198157 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 198157 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Cement Mortar Mixer Industry Development Trends, Competitive Landscape and Key Regions (Wed 10th May 17) International Coach Federation Accredited Fast Track Coach Certification Program (Wed 10th May 17) 125-Piece Play Food Set By Mommy Please Exceeds Goals For Customer Satisfaction (Wed 10th May 17) Cosmopolitan Collection Provides Additional Incentives For Makeup Organizer (Wed 10th May 17) Teddy Shake Sees An Increased Demand And Interest In Silk Hawaiian Leis (Wed 10th May 17) Fidget Spinner Toy Concentration Enhancer Stress Relief Product Launched (Wed 10th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CLX continúa su agresiva estrategia de crecimiento con la adquisición de Dialogue Group Next PostNext Latin American Telecom Services Industry Adopts New Business Models to Spark Digital Transformation Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     2017 Animal Parasiticides Report on Global and United States Market Status and Forecast by Players,Types and Applications   View as PDF  Print View    WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On - "2017 Animal Parasiticides Report on Global and United States Market Status and Forecast by Players,Types and Applications". Pune, India - May 10, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- This report studies Animal Parasiticides in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Bayer Zoetis Sanofi Boehringer Ingelheim Merck & Co. Novartis AG Ceva Sante Animale ELI Lilly and Company Virbac Perrigo Company Vetoquinol Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1270468-global-animal-parasiticides-market-professional-survey-report-2017 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com By types, the market can be split into Oral Liquids Tablets Injectables Sprays Other By Application, the market can be split into Animal Home Care By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1270468-global-animal-parasiticides-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table Of Contents - Major Key Points Global Animal Parasiticides Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Animal Parasiticides 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Animal Parasiticides 1.1.1 Definition of Animal Parasiticides 1.1.2 Specifications of Animal Parasiticides 1.2 Classification of Animal Parasiticides 1.2.1 Oral Liquids 1.2.2 Tablets 1.2.3 Injectables 1.2.4 Sprays 1.2.5 Other 1.3 Applications of Animal Parasiticides 1.3.1 Animal 1.3.2 Home Care 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Animal Parasiticides 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Animal Parasiticides 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Animal Parasiticides 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Animal Parasiticides ....... 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Animal Parasiticides 8.1 Bayer 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Bayer 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Bayer 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Zoetis 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Zoetis 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Zoetis 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Sanofi 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Sanofi 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Sanofi 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Boehringer Ingelheim 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Boehringer Ingelheim 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Boehringer Ingelheim 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Merck & Co. 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Merck & Co. 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Merck & Co. 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Novartis AG 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Novartis AG 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Novartis AG 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Ceva Sante Animale 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Ceva Sante Animale 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Ceva Sante Animale 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 ELI Lilly and Company 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 ELI Lilly and Company 2016 Animal Parasiticides Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 ELI Lilly and Company 2016 Animal Parasiticides Business Region Distribution Analysis Continued....... For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1270468 ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Contact Info: Name: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt Ltd. Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +1-646-845-9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/2017-animal-parasiticides-report-on-global-and-united-states-market-status-and-forecast-by-playerstypes-and-applications/198157 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 198157 Recent Press Releases By The Same User WP Titanium Launches Managed WordPress Hosting Service Based in Australia (Thu 11th May 17) Dejaba Jewels Proudly Features Limited Edition and Pre-owned Rolex Watches After the Company's Official Webstore Launch (Thu 11th May 17) SupaBaby Store Launches Free Shipping Campaign for Affordable Children Clothing (Thu 11th May 17) Herbal Tea Market - Global Trends, Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities, and Forecast 2017-2022 (Thu 11th May 17) Alfalfa Hay Market Production, Demand, Suppliers, Traders and Key Manufacturers Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 (Thu 11th May 17) Homelilys Decor Introduces Japanese Garden Segment with Launch of DIY Garden Box (Thu 11th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Contract Maintenance * Outsourced Maintenance * Maintenance Safety * More Tags... Industry News * Manufacturing * More Industries... News By Place * Greenville   South Carolina   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 GreenWood, Inc. Reaches 5 Million Safe Hours at Merck     GreenWoodInc.com   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Contract Maintenance • Outsourced Maintenance • Maintenance Safety Industry: • Manufacturing Location: • Greenville - South Carolina - USGREENVILLE, S.C. - May 10, 2017 - PRLog -- GreenWood, Inc., an integrated operations, maintenance and construction solutions provider, celebrates a major safety milestone of 5 million safe work hours at their Merck project site in Elkton, Virginia.  GreenWood provides Merck with various construction related services.  The continuous relationship between GreenWood and Merck covers more than 26 years without a lost time injury. Key to this accomplishment is GreenWood's steadfast commitment to safety as implemented through the company's "Always Aware" safety program.  This program emphasizes safe work practices for individuals and employee teams to think, act and remain safe at all times.  It complements the overall safety standards set by Merck where prevention of incidents, accidents and injuries is an ongoing priority. "Every employee understands the critical importance of producing outstanding job results with zero accidents," says Brad Wood, President of GreenWood.  "We take pride to ensure our employees perform safely while maintaining safe work environments with any type work we do.  Through continuous training and education along with a daily emphasis on safety, our team is well-equipped to consistently work safely to reach these milestones that we all enjoy celebrating." About GreenWood, Inc. GreenWood provides integrated maintenance, operations and construction solutions designed to extend the life of critical assets, influence operational efficiencies and deliver bottom line improvements for plants and facilities throughout the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic.  We operate under a "Customer-Centered" philosophy where safety performance is always first and our flexibility to respond to customer needs is an ongoing priority as it has been for over 25 years.  GreenWood, Inc. is certified as a women-owned business by the Women's Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC).  For more information, visit www.gwood.com. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships.  For more information, visit www.Merck.com. #          #          # Contact The Marketing Beacon ***@thebeaconcompany.com End Source : GreenWood, Inc. Email : ***@thebeaconcompany.com Tags : Contract Maintenance, Outsourced Maintenance, Maintenance Safety Industry : Manufacturing Location : Greenville - South Carolina - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse The Beacon Company PRs The Marketing Beacon Launches e-Commerce Website for Calmettos Crews Law Offices Selects The Marketing Beacon to Support Firm Growth GreenWood, Inc. Project Team Receives Leadership Award at Caterpillar GreenWood, Inc. Reaches 4 Million Safe Hours at West Virginia Operations GreenWood, Inc.'s Crittendon Elected as Vice Chair at SMRP Trending News Saint Mary's School to celebrate 175th birthday May 12 Kleen Pro Solutions Named Tampa Bay's Top Commercial Cleaning Company Ben Senseless added to the 'Taste of Oakland Fest' at the Dunsmuir Hellman Estate WSI Sports Launches New HYPRTECH™ BAMBOO Line Of Eco-Friendly Sportswear Charlie Fass aka Mister Illusion to Perform at Colton Middle School Top Daily News CSC Announces New RXR Motorcycle - 375 views Career Step Nationally Endorsed on The Dave Ramsey Show Since 2015 - 269 views 'Dream Properties Worldwide" has now launched sister company 'Italian Dream Estates" - 201 views HD PHYSICAL THERAPY Celebrates 5 Year Milestone - 169 views Castle Lanterra Enters San Antonio Market and Expands Texas Presence with Agave Acquisition - 137 views Top Weekly News Reliance Code releasing new album June 16, 2017 - 1657 views World Renowned Forensics Guru to Establish New Advanced Smart Television Network Featuring "Smart U with Dr. Joye" - 1441 views Barcoding, Inc. Acquires Versatile Mobile Systems, Inc - 1002 views Storm Announces new Head Coach for Women's team - 862 views Proforma Durkee Announces Relocation Due to Growth - 601 views Top Daily News CSC Announces New RXR Motorcycle - 375 views Career Step Nationally Endorsed on The Dave Ramsey Show Since 2015 - 269 views 'Dream Properties Worldwide" has now launched sister company 'Italian Dream Estates" - 201 views HD PHYSICAL THERAPY Celebrates 5 Year Milestone - 169 views Castle Lanterra Enters San Antonio Market and Expands Texas Presence with Agave Acquisition - 137 views Top Weekly News Reliance Code releasing new album June 16, 2017 - 1657 views World Renowned Forensics Guru to Establish New Advanced Smart Television Network Featuring "Smart U with Dr. Joye" - 1441 views Barcoding, Inc. Acquires Versatile Mobile Systems, Inc - 1002 views Storm Announces new Head Coach for Women's team - 862 views Proforma Durkee Announces Relocation Due to Growth - 601 views PTC News Wizard World, Bloody-Disgusting.com To Launch Horror Fest In Philadelphia In June - 152 views Sheen, Cain, Marsters Q&A's, Creative Panels Head Programming At Wizard World Comic Con Des Moines - 150 views Woodridge Glen Celebrates Grand Opening Success - 140 views New Model Home Complex coming to Rosena Ranch - 120 views Nichols, Marsters, Carpenter, Brendon Top Celebrities At Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento - 111 views May 10, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman European Commission Grants Approval for Merck’s New Pergoveris(R) Pen for Fertility Treatment DARMSTADT, Germany, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for U.S. and UK based media   With this approval, Pergoveris® becomes the first product with a combination of FSH and LH hormones in a ready-to-use liquid version  The new pre-filled injection device for self-administration  increases ease-of-use for patients compared to the vial form  Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that the European Commission has granted approval for the new Pergoveris® Pen, addressing an unmet medical need by providing an improved, convenient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) deficiency.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO )      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg ) "The European approval of our new Pergoveris® Pen is a step towards fulfilling our commitment of improving treatment outcomes for couples aspiring to become parents," said Luciano Rossetti, Global Head of Research and Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We strive for continual innovation of our products for the benefit of our patients, and our new Pergoveris® Pen enables us to provide women and couples with an improved patient experience during their treatment journey." The new liquid version of Pergoveris® was created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent combination - which required patients to mix the product vials themselves before daily injection - towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen solution. By eliminating the need for mixing, the new Pergoveris® Pen allows an improved treatment experience for patients with severe follicle stimulating FSH and LH deficiency. The new Pergoveris® Pen is the only premixed combination of human FSH (hFSH) and human LH (hLH) on the European market available in a pre-filled injection device for self-administration. Designed with feedback from patients and healthcare professionals in mind, the Pergoveris® Pen enables physicians to individualize the dosing to patient's needs, by allowing for 12.5 IU increments and offering three strengths: 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Pergoveris® Pen is the third addition to Merck's innovative delivery solution Family of Pens™. About Pergoveris®   Pergoveris® is the first combined product of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH or follitropin alfa 150 IU) and recombinant human luteinizing hormone (r-hLH or lutropin alfa 75 IU). It is unique by combining the benefits of two consistent and pure recombinant products, r-hFSH and r-hLH, for the treatment of infertility in specific indications. Pergoveris® is indicated for the stimulation of follicular development in adult women with severe luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) deficiency. The Family of Pens™  The Family of Pens™ consists of prefilled ready-to-use pens for GONAL-f® 300 IU, 450 IU, and 900 IU, and OVITRELLE®/OVIDREL® 250 mcg and will include the Pergoveris® Pen 300IU, 450IU and 900IU once approved. The Family of Pens™ was developed based on feedback from healthcare professionals and those experiencing fertility problems to provide a common injection solution for Merck's gonadotropins, in order to ease the teaching, learning and use of the pens. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact: Dr. Raphaela Farrenkopf, +49-6151-72-2274 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, New Products/Services, Women-related News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Copper Gluconate Market Rugged Expansion Foreseen by 2021 Next PostNext Thickener Market to Grow at a CAGR of XX% During the Period 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ European Commission Grants Approval for Merck's New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment European Commission Grants Approval for Merck's New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment woensdag 10 mei 2017 15:16 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire DARMSTADT, Germany, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for U.S. and UK based media   - With this approval, Pergoveris(R) becomes the first product with a combination of FSH and LH hormones in a ready-to-use liquid version  - The new pre-filled injection device for self-administration  increases ease-of-use for patients compared to the vial form  Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that the European Commission has granted approval for the new Pergoveris(R) Pen, addressing an unmet medical need by providing an improved, convenient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) deficiency. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO ) (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg ) "The European approval of our new Pergoveris(R) Pen is a step towards fulfilling our commitment of improving treatment outcomes for couples aspiring to become parents," said Luciano Rossetti, Global Head of Research and Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We strive for continual innovation of our products for the benefit of our patients, and our new Pergoveris(R) Pen enables us to provide women and couples with an improved patient experience during their treatment journey." The new liquid version of Pergoveris(R) was created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent combination - which required patients to mix the product vials themselves before daily injection - towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen solution. By eliminating the need for mixing, the new Pergoveris(R) Pen allows an improved treatment experience for patients with severe follicle stimulating FSH and LH deficiency. The new Pergoveris(R) Pen is the only premixed combination of human FSH (hFSH) and human LH (hLH) on the European market available in a pre-filled injection device for self-administration. Designed with feedback from patients and healthcare professionals in mind, the Pergoveris(R) Pen enables physicians to individualize the dosing to patient's needs, by allowing for 12.5 IU increments and offering three strengths: 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Pergoveris(R) Pen is the third addition to Merck's innovative delivery solution Family of Pens(TM). About Pergoveris(R)   Pergoveris(R) is the first combined product of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH or follitropin alfa 150 IU) and recombinant human luteinizing hormone (r-hLH or lutropin alfa 75 IU). It is unique by combining the benefits of two consistent and pure recombinant products, r-hFSH and r-hLH, for the treatment of infertility in specific indications. Pergoveris(R) is indicated for the stimulation of follicular development in adult women with severe luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) deficiency. The Family of Pens(TM)  The Family of Pens(TM) consists of prefilled ready-to-use pens for GONAL-f(R) 300 IU, 450 IU, and 900 IU, and OVITRELLE(R)/OVIDREL(R) 250 mcg and will include the Pergoveris(R) Pen 300IU, 450IU and 900IU once approved. The Family of Pens(TM) was developed based on feedback from healthcare professionals and those experiencing fertility problems to provide a common injection solution for Merck's gonadotropins, in order to ease the teaching, learning and use of the pens. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact: Dr. Raphaela Farrenkopf, +49-6151-72-2274 Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Nexen Tire Announces Participation in Autopromotec 2017 in Italy donderdag 11 mei 2017 08:00 Aegon boekt fors hogere nettowinst in eerste kwartaal 2017 donderdag 11 mei 2017 07:35 Fraport Traffic Figures - April 2017: Frankfurt Airport Achieves Double-Digit Passenger Growth donderdag 11 mei 2017 07:01 Swiss Lake House Built By The Founding Family Of Haute Couture To Be Sold By Celebrity Favoured Auction House donderdag 11 mei 2017 00:03 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - European Commission Grants Approval for Merck’s New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment 10 maggio 2017 European Commission Grants Approval for Merck’s New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment PR Newswire DARMSTADT, Germany, May 10, 2017 Not intended for U.S. and UK based media   With this approval, Pergoveris® becomes the first product with a combination of FSH and LH hormones in a ready-to-use liquid version  The new pre-filled injection device for self-administration  increases ease-of-use for patients compared to the vial form  Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that the European Commission has granted approval for the new Pergoveris® Pen, addressing an unmet medical need by providing an improved, convenient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) deficiency.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO )      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg ) “The European approval of our new Pergoveris® Pen is a step towards fulfilling our commitment of improving treatment outcomes for couples aspiring to become parents,” said Luciano Rossetti, Global Head of Research and Development at the biopharma business of Merck. “We strive for continual innovation of our products for the benefit of our patients, and our new Pergoveris® Pen enables us to provide women and couples with an improved patient experience during their treatment journey.” The new liquid version of Pergoveris® was created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent combination – which required patients to mix the product vials themselves before daily injection – towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen solution. By eliminating the need for mixing, the new Pergoveris® Pen allows an improved treatment experience for patients with severe follicle stimulating FSH and LH deficiency. The new Pergoveris® Pen is the only premixed combination of human FSH (hFSH) and human LH (hLH) on the European market available in a pre-filled injection device for self-administration. Designed with feedback from patients and healthcare professionals in mind, the Pergoveris® Pen enables physicians to individualize the dosing to patient’s needs, by allowing for 12.5 IU increments and offering three strengths: 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Pergoveris® Pen is the third addition to Merck’s innovative delivery solution Family of Pens™. About Pergoveris®   Pergoveris® is the first combined product of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH or follitropin alfa 150 IU) and recombinant human luteinizing hormone (r-hLH or lutropin alfa 75 IU). It is unique by combining the benefits of two consistent and pure recombinant products, r-hFSH and r-hLH, for the treatment of infertility in specific indications. Pergoveris® is indicated for the stimulation of follicular development in adult women with severe luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) deficiency. The Family of Pens™  The Family of Pens™ consists of prefilled ready-to-use pens for GONAL-f® 300 IU, 450 IU, and 900 IU, and OVITRELLE®/OVIDREL® 250 mcg and will include the Pergoveris® Pen 300IU, 450IU and 900IU once approved. The Family of Pens™ was developed based on feedback from healthcare professionals and those experiencing fertility problems to provide a common injection solution for Merck’s gonadotropins, in order to ease the teaching, learning and use of the pens. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact: Dr. Raphaela Farrenkopf, +49-6151-72-2274 SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Merck Launches Two Innovative Technologies to Support Couples on Their Fertility Treatment Journey Merck Receives Positive CHMP Opinion for New Pergoveris® Fertility Pen Merck Serono: Innovative Fertility Technologies Gavi and Geri of Partner Genea Biomedx Receive CE Mark Merck and Sysmex Inostics Receive CE Mark Approval for Liquid Biopsy test for Colorectal Cancer Patients Nel mensile di maggio Farmaci omeopatici: chi ha paura dell’Aic? Italiani ancora poco farmacovigila(n)ti Farmaci veterinari verso l’addio alla carta: arriva la tracciabilità digitale Dati in sanità, la sicurezza si trova su una “nuvola” Industria 4.0, il medtech non coglie l’opportunità: “bisogna sbrigarsi” Cala la reputazione di Big Pharma, ma si può migliorare In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Medidata to Present at Norway’s Life Science Cluster... Innovative Solutions Drive Double-digit Growth Opportunities in... Global Cardiac Monitoring & Cardiac Rhythm Management Devices... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Corruzione, in manette medici e imprenditori farmaceutici in tutta Italia Arresti Parma: Farmindustria potrebbe rivalersi sulle imprese coinvolte Farmaci innovativi, a Malta firmato accordo per la creazione di un comitato tecnico di 6 Paesi HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman European Commission Grants Approval for Merck’s New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment DARMSTADT, Germany, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Not intended for U.S. and UK based media   With this approval, Pergoveris® becomes the first product with a combination of FSH and LH hormones in a ready-to-use liquid version  The new pre-filled injection device for self-administration  increases ease-of-use for patients compared to the vial form  Pergoveris(R) Pen (PRNewsfoto/Merck) Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that the European Commission has granted approval for the new Pergoveris® Pen, addressing an unmet medical need by providing an improved, convenient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) deficiency.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO )      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg ) „The European approval of our new Pergoveris® Pen is a step towards fulfilling our commitment of improving treatment outcomes for couples aspiring to become parents,” said Luciano Rossetti, Global Head of Research and Development at the biopharma business of Merck. „We strive for continual innovation of our products for the benefit of our patients, and our new Pergoveris® Pen enables us to provide women and couples with an improved patient experience during their treatment journey.” The new liquid version of Pergoveris® was created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent combination – which required patients to mix the product vials themselves before daily injection – towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen solution. By eliminating the need for mixing, the new Pergoveris® Pen allows an improved treatment experience for patients with severe follicle stimulating FSH and LH deficiency. The new Pergoveris® Pen is the only premixed combination of human FSH (hFSH) and human LH (hLH) on the European market available in a pre-filled injection device for self-administration. Designed with feedback from patients and healthcare professionals in mind, the Pergoveris® Pen enables physicians to individualize the dosing to patient’s needs, by allowing for 12.5 IU increments and offering three strengths: 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Pergoveris® Pen is the third addition to Merck’s innovative delivery solution Family of Pens™. About Pergoveris®   Pergoveris® is the first combined product of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH or follitropin alfa 150 IU) and recombinant human luteinizing hormone (r-hLH or lutropin alfa 75 IU). It is unique by combining the benefits of two consistent and pure recombinant products, r-hFSH and r-hLH, for the treatment of infertility in specific indications. Pergoveris® is indicated for the stimulation of follicular development in adult women with severe luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) deficiency. The Family of Pens™  The Family of Pens™ consists of prefilled ready-to-use pens for GONAL-f® 300 IU, 450 IU, and 900 IU, and OVITRELLE®/OVIDREL® 250 mcg and will include the Pergoveris® Pen 300IU, 450IU and 900IU once approved. The Family of Pens™ was developed based on feedback from healthcare professionals and those experiencing fertility problems to provide a common injection solution for Merck’s gonadotropins, in order to ease the teaching, learning and use of the pens. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact: Dr. Raphaela Farrenkopf, +49-6151-72-2274 SOURCE Merck CategoriesUncategorized TagsClinical Trials & Medical Discoveries, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Management Devices Market 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Next PostNext Biomarker-based Technologies to Disrupt Conventional Diagnosis in Diabetes Management across The Globe Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman European Commission Grants Approval for Merck’s New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment DARMSTADT, Germany, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Not intended for U.S. and UK based media   With this approval, Pergoveris® becomes the first product with a combination of FSH and LH hormones in a ready-to-use liquid version  The new pre-filled injection device for self-administration  increases ease-of-use for patients compared to the vial form  Pergoveris(R) Pen (PRNewsfoto/Merck) Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that the European Commission has granted approval for the new Pergoveris® Pen, addressing an unmet medical need by providing an improved, convenient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) deficiency.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO )      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg ) „The European approval of our new Pergoveris® Pen is a step towards fulfilling our commitment of improving treatment outcomes for couples aspiring to become parents,” said Luciano Rossetti, Global Head of Research and Development at the biopharma business of Merck. „We strive for continual innovation of our products for the benefit of our patients, and our new Pergoveris® Pen enables us to provide women and couples with an improved patient experience during their treatment journey.” The new liquid version of Pergoveris® was created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent combination – which required patients to mix the product vials themselves before daily injection – towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen solution. By eliminating the need for mixing, the new Pergoveris® Pen allows an improved treatment experience for patients with severe follicle stimulating FSH and LH deficiency. The new Pergoveris® Pen is the only premixed combination of human FSH (hFSH) and human LH (hLH) on the European market available in a pre-filled injection device for self-administration. Designed with feedback from patients and healthcare professionals in mind, the Pergoveris® Pen enables physicians to individualize the dosing to patient’s needs, by allowing for 12.5 IU increments and offering three strengths: 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Pergoveris® Pen is the third addition to Merck’s innovative delivery solution Family of Pens™. About Pergoveris®   Pergoveris® is the first combined product of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH or follitropin alfa 150 IU) and recombinant human luteinizing hormone (r-hLH or lutropin alfa 75 IU). It is unique by combining the benefits of two consistent and pure recombinant products, r-hFSH and r-hLH, for the treatment of infertility in specific indications. Pergoveris® is indicated for the stimulation of follicular development in adult women with severe luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) deficiency. The Family of Pens™  The Family of Pens™ consists of prefilled ready-to-use pens for GONAL-f® 300 IU, 450 IU, and 900 IU, and OVITRELLE®/OVIDREL® 250 mcg and will include the Pergoveris® Pen 300IU, 450IU and 900IU once approved. The Family of Pens™ was developed based on feedback from healthcare professionals and those experiencing fertility problems to provide a common injection solution for Merck’s gonadotropins, in order to ease the teaching, learning and use of the pens. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact: Dr. Raphaela Farrenkopf, +49-6151-72-2274 SOURCE Merck CategoriesUncategorized TagsClinical Trials & Medical Discoveries, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Management Devices Market 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Next PostNext Biomarker-based Technologies to Disrupt Conventional Diagnosis in Diabetes Management across The Globe Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Turismo Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional European Commission Grants Approval for Merck's New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment Publicado 10/05/2017 15:17:54CET DARMSTADT, Germany, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for U.S. and UK based media   - With this approval, Pergoveris(R) becomes the first product with a combination of FSH and LH hormones in a ready-to-use liquid version  - The new pre-filled injection device for self-administration  increases ease-of-use for patients compared to the vial form  Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that the European Commission has granted approval for the new Pergoveris(R) Pen, addressing an unmet medical need by providing an improved, convenient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) deficiency. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO ) (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg ) "The European approval of our new Pergoveris(R) Pen is a step towards fulfilling our commitment of improving treatment outcomes for couples aspiring to become parents," said Luciano Rossetti, Global Head of Research and Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We strive for continual innovation of our products for the benefit of our patients, and our new Pergoveris(R) Pen enables us to provide women and couples with an improved patient experience during their treatment journey." The new liquid version of Pergoveris(R) was created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent combination - which required patients to mix the product vials themselves before daily injection - towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen solution. By eliminating the need for mixing, the new Pergoveris(R) Pen allows an improved treatment experience for patients with severe follicle stimulating FSH and LH deficiency. The new Pergoveris(R) Pen is the only premixed combination of human FSH (hFSH) and human LH (hLH) on the European market available in a pre-filled injection device for self-administration. Designed with feedback from patients and healthcare professionals in mind, the Pergoveris(R) Pen enables physicians to individualize the dosing to patient's needs, by allowing for 12.5 IU increments and offering three strengths: 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Pergoveris(R) Pen is the third addition to Merck's innovative delivery solution Family of Pens(TM). About Pergoveris(R)   Pergoveris(R) is the first combined product of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH or follitropin alfa 150 IU) and recombinant human luteinizing hormone (r-hLH or lutropin alfa 75 IU). It is unique by combining the benefits of two consistent and pure recombinant products, r-hFSH and r-hLH, for the treatment of infertility in specific indications. Pergoveris(R) is indicated for the stimulation of follicular development in adult women with severe luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) deficiency. The Family of Pens(TM)  The Family of Pens(TM) consists of prefilled ready-to-use pens for GONAL-f(R) 300 IU, 450 IU, and 900 IU, and OVITRELLE(R)/OVIDREL(R) 250 mcg and will include the Pergoveris(R) Pen 300IU, 450IU and 900IU once approved. The Family of Pens(TM) was developed based on feedback from healthcare professionals and those experiencing fertility problems to provide a common injection solution for Merck's gonadotropins, in order to ease the teaching, learning and use of the pens. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact: Dr. Raphaela Farrenkopf, +49-6151-72-2274 Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO Francisco Muro de Iscar.- Tiempo de fragilidad El ascensor del siniestro había pasado las inspecciones y se le había realizado el mantenimiento en abril Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados Nexen Tire anuncia su participación en Autopromotec 2017 en Italia G2A.COM lanza el 11 de mayo la tercera edición de G2A Deal Los consumidores están confundidos con la composición de los alimentos sin gluten Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada 1 Gamesa gana 100 millones, un 39% más, en el primer trimestre, el último en solitario tras fusión con Siemens 2 El ascensor del siniestro había pasado las inspecciones y se le había realizado el mantenimiento en abril 3 Isaías Lafuente.- ¿Algún padre prior? 4 Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío 5 Rafael Torres.- La difícil supervivencia del PSOE Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en Economía Finanzas Gamesa gana 100 millones, un 39% más, en el primer trimestre, el último en solitario tras fusión con Siemens Sociedad El ascensor del siniestro había pasado las inspecciones y se le había realizado el mantenimiento en abril Madrid Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman European Commission Grants Approval for Merck’s New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment DARMSTADT, Germany, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for U.S. and UK based media   With this approval, Pergoveris® becomes the first product with a combination of FSH and LH hormones in a ready-to-use liquid version  The new pre-filled injection device for self-administration  increases ease-of-use for patients compared to the vial form  Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that the European Commission has granted approval for the new Pergoveris® Pen, addressing an unmet medical need by providing an improved, convenient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) deficiency.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO )      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg ) "The European approval of our new Pergoveris® Pen is a step towards fulfilling our commitment of improving treatment outcomes for couples aspiring to become parents," said Luciano Rossetti, Global Head of Research and Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We strive for continual innovation of our products for the benefit of our patients, and our new Pergoveris® Pen enables us to provide women and couples with an improved patient experience during their treatment journey." The new liquid version of Pergoveris® was created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent combination - which required patients to mix the product vials themselves before daily injection - towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen solution. By eliminating the need for mixing, the new Pergoveris® Pen allows an improved treatment experience for patients with severe follicle stimulating FSH and LH deficiency. The new Pergoveris® Pen is the only premixed combination of human FSH (hFSH) and human LH (hLH) on the European market available in a pre-filled injection device for self-administration. Designed with feedback from patients and healthcare professionals in mind, the Pergoveris® Pen enables physicians to individualize the dosing to patient's needs, by allowing for 12.5 IU increments and offering three strengths: 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Pergoveris® Pen is the third addition to Merck's innovative delivery solution Family of Pens™. About Pergoveris®   Pergoveris® is the first combined product of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH or follitropin alfa 150 IU) and recombinant human luteinizing hormone (r-hLH or lutropin alfa 75 IU). It is unique by combining the benefits of two consistent and pure recombinant products, r-hFSH and r-hLH, for the treatment of infertility in specific indications. Pergoveris® is indicated for the stimulation of follicular development in adult women with severe luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) deficiency. The Family of Pens™  The Family of Pens™ consists of prefilled ready-to-use pens for GONAL-f® 300 IU, 450 IU, and 900 IU, and OVITRELLE®/OVIDREL® 250 mcg and will include the Pergoveris® Pen 300IU, 450IU and 900IU once approved. The Family of Pens™ was developed based on feedback from healthcare professionals and those experiencing fertility problems to provide a common injection solution for Merck's gonadotropins, in order to ease the teaching, learning and use of the pens. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact: Dr. Raphaela Farrenkopf, +49-6151-72-2274 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Clinical Trials/Medical Discoveries, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical Equipment, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Women-related News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Counterfeit Money Detectors Market to Witness Exponential Growth by 2021 Next PostNext Global 3D Flat Panel TV Market by Technology, Application & Geography – Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Chronik durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     chronik Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0005, 10. Mai 2017, 15:17 drucken mailen als pdf als Text European Commission Grants Approval for Merck's New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment Darmstadt, Germany (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for U.S. and UK based media With this approval, Pergoveris® becomes the first product with a combination of FSH and LH hormones in a ready-to-use liquid version The new pre-filled injection device for self-administration increases ease-of-use for patients compared to the vial form Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that the European Commission has granted approval for the new Pergoveris® Pen, addressing an unmet medical need by providing an improved, convenient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) deficiency. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO ) (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg ) "The European approval of our new Pergoveris® Pen is a step towards fulfilling our commitment of improving treatment outcomes for couples aspiring to become parents," said Luciano Rossetti, Global Head of Research and Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We strive for continual innovation of our products for the benefit of our patients, and our new Pergoveris® Pen enables us to provide women and couples with an improved patient experience during their treatment journey." The new liquid version of Pergoveris® was created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent combination - which required patients to mix the product vials themselves before daily injection -towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen solution. By eliminating the need for mixing, the new Pergoveris® Pen allows an improved treatment experience for patients with severe follicle stimulating FSH and LH deficiency. The new Pergoveris® Pen is the only premixed combination of human FSH (hFSH) and human LH (hLH) on the European market available in a pre-filled injection device for self-administration. Designed with feedback from patients and healthcare professionals in mind, the Pergoveris® Pen enables physicians to individualize the dosing to patient's needs, by allowing for 12.5 IU increments and offering three strengths: 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Pergoveris® Pen is the third addition to Merck's innovative delivery solution Family of Pens(TM). About Pergoveris® Pergoveris® is the first combined product of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH or follitropin alfa 150 IU) and recombinant human luteinizing hormone (r-hLH or lutropin alfa 75 IU). It is unique by combining the benefits of two consistent and pure recombinant products, r-hFSH and r-hLH, for the treatment of infertility in specific indications. Pergoveris® is indicated for the stimulation of follicular development in adult women with severe luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) deficiency. The Family of Pens(TM) The Family of Pens(TM) consists of prefilled ready-to-use pens for GONAL-f® 300 IU, 450 IU, and 900 IU, and OVITRELLE®/OVIDREL® 250 mcg and will include the Pergoveris® Pen 300IU, 450IU and 900IU once approved. The Family of Pens(TM) was developed based on feedback from healthcare professionals and those experiencing fertility problems to provide a common injection solution for Merck's gonadotropins, in order to ease the teaching, learning and use of the pens. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact: Dr. Raphaela Farrenkopf, +49-6151-72-2274 Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR6873/aom ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0009 Regierungstheater: Spreng... WKÖ-Präsident Leitl dankt... Merck KGaA Zum Pressroom Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: Medizin, Gesundheit, Technologie, International Channel: Chronik Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Chronik weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Chronik Ergebnisse der Lotto Ziehung vom Mittwoch, dem 10. Mai 2017 Österreichische Lotterien Free-TV-Premiere bei RTL II: "Sin City 2: A Dame To Kill For" RTL II Wiener Lokalbahnen testen WLAN in der Badner Bahn Wiener Lokalbahnen weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Donnerstag, 11. Mai 2017, 08:30 Business Breakfast "EU-Datenschutz-Reform" Linde Verlag Ges.m.b.H. Donnerstag, 11. Mai 2017, 08:30 ASTRAD vmk-Verlag Donnerstag, 11. Mai 2017, 09:30 "Bundesregierung im Check: versprochen - gebrochen" Parlamentsklub der NEOS weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale APA-OTS-VIDEO, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2017 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women European Commission Grants Approval for Merck's New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment News provided by Merck 10 May, 2017, 14:15 BST Share this article DARMSTADT, Germany, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for U.S. and UK based media   With this approval, Pergoveris® becomes the first product with a combination of FSH and LH hormones in a ready-to-use liquid version  The new pre-filled injection device for self-administration  increases ease-of-use for patients compared to the vial form  Pergoveris(R) Pen (PRNewsfoto/Merck) Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that the European Commission has granted approval for the new Pergoveris® Pen, addressing an unmet medical need by providing an improved, convenient and ready-to-use fertility combination treatment option for women with severe follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) deficiency.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406891LOGO )      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/510209/Pergoveris.jpg ) "The European approval of our new Pergoveris® Pen is a step towards fulfilling our commitment of improving treatment outcomes for couples aspiring to become parents," said Luciano Rossetti, Global Head of Research and Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We strive for continual innovation of our products for the benefit of our patients, and our new Pergoveris® Pen enables us to provide women and couples with an improved patient experience during their treatment journey." The new liquid version of Pergoveris® was created by evolving the original freeze-dried powder and solvent combination - which required patients to mix the product vials themselves before daily injection - towards a ready-to-use pre-filled Pen solution. By eliminating the need for mixing, the new Pergoveris® Pen allows an improved treatment experience for patients with severe follicle stimulating FSH and LH deficiency. The new Pergoveris® Pen is the only premixed combination of human FSH (hFSH) and human LH (hLH) on the European market available in a pre-filled injection device for self-administration. Designed with feedback from patients and healthcare professionals in mind, the Pergoveris® Pen enables physicians to individualize the dosing to patient's needs, by allowing for 12.5 IU increments and offering three strengths: 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Pergoveris® Pen is the third addition to Merck's innovative delivery solution Family of Pens™. About Pergoveris®   Pergoveris® is the first combined product of recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH or follitropin alfa 150 IU) and recombinant human luteinizing hormone (r-hLH or lutropin alfa 75 IU). It is unique by combining the benefits of two consistent and pure recombinant products, r-hFSH and r-hLH, for the treatment of infertility in specific indications. Pergoveris® is indicated for the stimulation of follicular development in adult women with severe luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) deficiency. The Family of Pens™  The Family of Pens™ consists of prefilled ready-to-use pens for GONAL-f® 300 IU, 450 IU, and 900 IU, and OVITRELLE®/OVIDREL® 250 mcg and now includes the Pergoveris® Pen 300IU, 450IU and 900IU. The Family of Pens™ was developed based on feedback from healthcare professionals and those experiencing fertility problems to provide a common injection solution for Merck's gonadotropins, in order to ease the teaching, learning and use of the pens. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Your Contact: Dr. Raphaela Farrenkopf, +49-6151-72-2274 SOURCE Merck 28 Apr, 2017, 14:00 BST Preview: Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 28 Apr, 2017, 14:00 BSTInvestigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment... 21 Apr, 2017, 14:43 BSTMerck to Present Rebif® (interferon beta-1a) and Investigational... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: European Commission Grants Approval for Merck's New Pergoveris® Pen for Fertility Treatment News provided by Merck 10 May, 2017, 14:15 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman EpiThany Announces Clinical Collaboration with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer to Evaluate Combination of Avelumab and EP-101 STEMVAC in Breast Cancer Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Phase 2 Trial Targeted to Begin in Q1 2018 SEATTLE, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EpiThany today announced that they have entered into a collaboration agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which in the US and Canada operates as EMD Serono, and Pfizer to evaluate avelumab*, a human anti-PD-L1 antibody, and EP-101 STEMVAC, a multi-antigen, polyepitope vaccine, in a Phase 2 trial in women with breast cancer. Avelumab is currently under clinical evaluation across a broad range of tumor types by the global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer. This is an exclusive agreement between EpiThany and the alliance to evaluate the combination of these investigational agents in breast cancer. Under the terms of the agreement, EpiThany will be responsible for conducting the Phase 2 clinical trial in breast cancer. "The evaluation of our lead product candidate EP-101 in combination with avelumab in this randomized Phase 2 trial will build upon our compelling preclinical and early clinical data highlighting the potential benefits of Th-1 selective vaccination in women with breast cancer," said Bill Watt, Ph.D., Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of EpiThany. "We look forward to completing our Phase 1 trial, with the goal of advancing this Phase 2 program with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer." The randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 2 trial will evaluate the immunological efficacy, clinical activity and safety of EP-101 administered in combination with standard-of-care therapeutics and avelumab as neoadjuvant therapy in women with breast cancer. Patients will be randomized to receive EP-101 or placebo in combination with the other two agents. Approximately 84 patients will be enrolled in the trial, which is targeted to begin during the first quarter of 2018. "Despite advances in treatment for these patients over recent years, response rates remain low and chance of recurrence is high," said Alise Reicin, M.D., Head of Global Clinical Development in the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. "This collaboration with EpiThany to evaluate a Th-1 selective vaccine in combination with avelumab allows us to explore a potential synergistic immuno-oncology treatment regimen that may provide improved outcomes for women with this common form of breast cancer." "A key focus of our clinical development program for avelumab is to evaluate the role and potential of combination therapy in immuno-oncology," said Chris Boshoff, M.D., Ph.D., Senior Vice President and Head of Immuno-oncology, Early Development and Translational Oncology, Pfizer Global Product Development. "Through this collaboration with EpiThany, we look forward to assessing and understanding the benefits that the combination of avelumab and EP-101 may offer as a treatment option for patients with breast cancer." *Avelumab is under clinical investigation for treatment of breast cancer and has not been demonstrated to be safe and effective for this indication. There is no guarantee that avelumab will be approved for breast cancer by any health authority worldwide. About Breast Cancer The breast cancer patients in this study represent the majority of newly diagnosed cases, and receive neoadjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy as the current standard of care prior to surgical resection. Despite such treatment, surgical pathological complete response (pCR) rates are low (5–12%),1-7 and patients remain at high risk of recurrence. Successful immunotherapy for these patients may require tumor-antigen-specific generation of T-helper Type 1 (Th1) tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) that can be amplified by co-administered anti-PD-1/PD-L1 antibodies. About Avelumab Avelumab is a human antibody specific for a protein called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab has been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro. Common adverse reactions in patients treated with avelumab include fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, diarrhea, nausea, infusion-related reaction, peripheral edema, decreased appetite, and rash. Immune-mediated adverse reactions have also been reported and can include pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted accelerated approval for avelumab (BAVENCIO®) for the treatment of (i) metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (mMCC) in adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older and (ii) patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy therapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Avelumab is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. About EP-101 STEMVAC EP-101 STEMVAC is a T-helper Type 1 (Th1)-selective, multi-antigen DNA vaccine designed to induce a robust and targeted anti-tumor immune response. Preclinical results have demonstrated the ability of EP-101 to induce a cytotoxic immune response to vaccine antigens and have demonstrated efficacy and stem cell targeting in breast cancer models. EP-101 STEMVAC is currently being evaluated in a Phase 1 dose-ranging study in HER2- advanced stage breast cancer patients, and has the potential to treat other tumors of epithelial origin by virtue of its proprietary complement of vaccine antigens. Alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US, enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EpiThany EpiThany, Inc. is dedicated to the advancement of innovative therapies to improve the lives of cancer patients. EpiThany's groundbreaking technologies enable the targeting of a multitude of tumor antigens across a spectrum of cancers, driving Th1-selective (tumor-eradicating) immune responses. EpiThany was launched in 2014 capitalizing on the R&D platform developed at the Tumor Vaccine Group at the University of Washington by pioneering cancer vaccine researcher Nora Disis, scientific co-founder of the company. In addition to EpiThany's EP-101 STEMVAC product candidate and its EP-201 single antigen product candidate for ovarian cancer, which will be entering Phase 2 clinical testing in 2017, the company leverages its proprietary platform technology and veteran clinical team to drive its clinical-stage pipeline of multiple antigen, Th1-selective vaccines through development for treatment of breast, ovarian, and colorectal tumors, with early vaccine candidates in other solid tumor indications. For more information, visit www.epithany.com. References 1—7 Available upon request EpiThany Media Contact: Julie Rathbun Rathbun Communications 206-769-9219 julie@rathbuncomm.com   SOURCE EpiThany CategoriesUncategorized TagsClinical Trials/Medical Discoveries, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Insulin Pumps Market 2017 Outlook, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Next PostNext Catheter Stabilization Device Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global CRM Analytics Market to Experience Hike in Growth by 2024 Global Image Recognition Market to Increase Rapidly by 2016-2024 AusTex Oil Limited (ATXDY: OTCQX International) | Drilling Update Global Email Encryption Market Set to Increase Significantly by 2024 Recent Survey – Global Logistics Market to Grow at a CAGR of 6.54% During 2017-2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi OncoSec Announces Clinical Collaboration with Merck to Evaluate Combination of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for Metastatic Melanoma News provided by OncoSec Medical Incorporated 10 May, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this article SAN DIEGO, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- OncoSec Medical Incorporated ("OncoSec") (NASDAQ: ONCS), a company developing DNA-based intratumoral cancer immunotherapies, has entered a clinical trial collaboration and supply agreement with Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) to evaluate the combination of OncoSec's ImmuoPulse® IL-12 with Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in a Phase II clinical trial, referred to as PISCES. The planned clinical trial will evaluate the safety and efficacy of the combination in patients with metastatic melanoma following disease progression on previous treatment with an anti-PD-1 therapy. "We are honored to collaborate with Merck – one of the world's leading cancer immuno-oncology companies – to help bring innovative cancer treatments to patients with unmet medical needs," said Punit Dhillon, CEO and President of OncoSec. "This collaboration is supported by our recent clinical data demonstrating the potential ability of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 to rescue patients who do not initially respond to anti-PD-1 therapy in melanoma. In addition to our recent Fast Track Designation for this population, OncoSec is uniquely positioned to meaningfully impact clinical outcomes for patients who do not currently have any other options. By working with innovative immuno-oncology leaders, this alliance underpins OncoSec's strategy to combine our ImmunoPulse® IL-12 program with checkpoint inhibitor therapies to advance the care of patients." Eligible patients for this Phase II study will be those with Stage III/IV metastatic melanoma who are progressing, or have progressed, on previous treatment with an anti-PD-1 therapy. The collaboration agreement is between OncoSec Medical Incorporated and Merck, through a subsidiary. Under the agreement, OncoSec will sponsor and fund the study and Merck will provide KEYTRUDA®. Additional details of the collaboration were not disclosed. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA. ImmunoPulse® is a registered trademark of OncoSec Medical Incorporated, San Diego, CA, USA. About PISCES PISCES (Anti-PD-1 IL-12 Stage III/IV Combination Electroporation Study) will be a Phase II multicenter study of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 in combination with KEYTRUDA® in patients with histological diagnosis of melanoma with progressive locally advanced or metastatic disease defined as Stage III or Stage IV. Eligible patients will be those with Stage III/IV metastatic melanoma who are progressing or have progressed on an approved anti-PD-1 therapy. The primary endpoint for this registration-directed trial will be best overall response rate (BORR). About OncoSec Medical Incorporated OncoSec is a biotechnology company developing DNA-based intratumoral immunotherapies with an investigational technology, ImmunoPulse®, for the treatment of cancer. ImmunoPulse® is designed to enhance the local delivery and uptake of DNA-based immune-targeting agents, such as IL-12. In Phase I and II clinical trials, ImmunoPulse® IL-12 has demonstrated a favorable safety profile and evidence of anti-tumor activity in the treatment of various solid tumors as well as a systemic clinical and immune response. OncoSec's lead program, ImmunoPulse® IL-12, is currently in clinical development for metastatic melanoma and triple-negative breast cancer. The program's current focus is on the significant unmet medical need in patients with melanoma who are refractory or non-responsive to anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapies. In addition to ImmunoPulse® IL-12, the Company is also identifying and developing new immune-targeting agents for use with the ImmunoPulse® platform. For more information, please visit www.oncosec.com.   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "can," "may," "will," "suggest," "look forward to," "potential," "understand," and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on management's current preliminary expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause our results to differ materially and adversely from the statements contained herein. Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those predicted include, among others, the following: uncertainties inherent in pre-clinical studies and clinical trials, such as the ability to enroll patients in clinical trials and the risk of adverse events; unexpected new data, safety and technical issues; our ability to raise additional funding necessary to fund continued operations; and the other factors discussed in OncoSec's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. OncoSec disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date they are made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. CONTACT: Investor Relations:  OncoSec Medical Incorporated  855-662-6732  investors@oncosec.com Media Relations : OncoSec Medical Incorporated  855-662-6732 media@oncosec.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oncosec-announces-clinical-collaboration-with-merck-to-evaluate-combination-of-immunopulse-il-12-and-keytruda-pembrolizumab-for-metastatic-melanoma-300454886.html SOURCE OncoSec Medical Incorporated Related Links http://www.oncosec.com 02 May, 2017, 08:43 ET Preview: OncoSec to Present at Biomarkers & Immuno-Oncology World Congress 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 03 Apr, 2017, 08:01 ET OncoSec to Present at Biomarkers & Immuno-Oncology World Congress... 03 Apr, 2017, 08:01 ET OncoSec Presents Preclinical Data Demonstrating Improved Systemic... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Licensing Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: OncoSec Announces Clinical Collaboration with Merck to Evaluate Combination of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for Metastatic Melanoma News provided by OncoSec Medical Incorporated 10 May, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman OncoSec Announces Clinical Collaboration with Merck to Evaluate Combination of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for Metastatic Melanoma SAN DIEGO, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — OncoSec Medical Incorporated („OncoSec”) (NASDAQ: ONCS), a company developing DNA-based intratumoral cancer immunotherapies, has entered a clinical trial collaboration and supply agreement with Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) to evaluate the combination of OncoSec’s ImmuoPulse® IL-12 with Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in a Phase II clinical trial, referred to as PISCES. The planned clinical trial will evaluate the safety and efficacy of the combination in patients with metastatic melanoma following disease progression on previous treatment with an anti-PD-1 therapy. „We are honored to collaborate with Merck – one of the world’s leading cancer immuno-oncology companies – to help bring innovative cancer treatments to patients with unmet medical needs,” said Punit Dhillon, CEO and President of OncoSec. „This collaboration is supported by our recent clinical data demonstrating the potential ability of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 to rescue patients who do not initially respond to anti-PD-1 therapy in melanoma. In addition to our recent Fast Track Designation for this population, OncoSec is uniquely positioned to meaningfully impact clinical outcomes for patients who do not currently have any other options. By working with innovative immuno-oncology leaders, this alliance underpins OncoSec’s strategy to combine our ImmunoPulse® IL-12 program with checkpoint inhibitor therapies to advance the care of patients.” Eligible patients for this Phase II study will be those with Stage III/IV metastatic melanoma who are progressing, or have progressed, on previous treatment with an anti-PD-1 therapy. The collaboration agreement is between OncoSec Medical Incorporated and Merck, through a subsidiary. Under the agreement, OncoSec will sponsor and fund the study and Merck will provide KEYTRUDA®. Additional details of the collaboration were not disclosed. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA. ImmunoPulse® is a registered trademark of OncoSec Medical Incorporated, San Diego, CA, USA. About PISCES PISCES (Anti-PD-1 IL-12 Stage III/IV Combination Electroporation Study) will be a Phase II multicenter study of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 in combination with KEYTRUDA® in patients with histological diagnosis of melanoma with progressive locally advanced or metastatic disease defined as Stage III or Stage IV. Eligible patients will be those with Stage III/IV metastatic melanoma who are progressing or have progressed on an approved anti-PD-1 therapy. The primary endpoint for this registration-directed trial will be best overall response rate (BORR). About OncoSec Medical Incorporated OncoSec is a biotechnology company developing DNA-based intratumoral immunotherapies with an investigational technology, ImmunoPulse®, for the treatment of cancer. ImmunoPulse® is designed to enhance the local delivery and uptake of DNA-based immune-targeting agents, such as IL-12. In Phase I and II clinical trials, ImmunoPulse® IL-12 has demonstrated a favorable safety profile and evidence of anti-tumor activity in the treatment of various solid tumors as well as a systemic clinical and immune response. OncoSec’s lead program, ImmunoPulse® IL-12, is currently in clinical development for metastatic melanoma and triple-negative breast cancer. The program’s current focus is on the significant unmet medical need in patients with melanoma who are refractory or non-responsive to anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapies. In addition to ImmunoPulse® IL-12, the Company is also identifying and developing new immune-targeting agents for use with the ImmunoPulse® platform. For more information, please visit www.oncosec.com.   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as „can,” „may,” „will,” „suggest,” „look forward to,” „potential,” „understand,” and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on management’s current preliminary expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause our results to differ materially and adversely from the statements contained herein. Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those predicted include, among others, the following: uncertainties inherent in pre-clinical studies and clinical trials, such as the ability to enroll patients in clinical trials and the risk of adverse events; unexpected new data, safety and technical issues; our ability to raise additional funding necessary to fund continued operations; and the other factors discussed in OncoSec’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. OncoSec disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date they are made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. CONTACT: Investor Relations:  OncoSec Medical Incorporated  855-662-6732  investors@oncosec.com Media Relations : OncoSec Medical Incorporated  855-662-6732 media@oncosec.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/oncosec-announces-clinical-collaboration-with-merck-to-evaluate-combination-of-immunopulse-il-12-and-keytruda-pembrolizumab-for-metastatic-melanoma-300454886.html SOURCE OncoSec Medical Incorporated Related Links http://www.oncosec.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsClinical Trials & Medical Discoveries, Licensing Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bone Cement Market Growing at a CAGR of 6.67% During 2017 to 2021 Says a New Report at ReportsnReports.com Next PostNext Grünenthal Opens Innovation Hub in Boston as Next Step in Strategy to Drive External Innovation in Pain, Specialty Therapeutics and Medical Devices Forward Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman OncoSec Announces Clinical Collaboration with Merck to Evaluate Combination of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for Metastatic Melanoma SAN DIEGO, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- OncoSec Medical Incorporated ("OncoSec") (NASDAQ: ONCS), a company developing DNA-based intratumoral cancer immunotherapies, has entered a clinical trial collaboration and supply agreement with Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) to evaluate the combination of OncoSec's ImmuoPulse® IL-12 with Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in a Phase II clinical trial, referred to as PISCES. The planned clinical trial will evaluate the safety and efficacy of the combination in patients with metastatic melanoma following disease progression on previous treatment with an anti-PD-1 therapy. "We are honored to collaborate with Merck – one of the world's leading cancer immuno-oncology companies – to help bring innovative cancer treatments to patients with unmet medical needs," said Punit Dhillon, CEO and President of OncoSec. "This collaboration is supported by our recent clinical data demonstrating the potential ability of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 to rescue patients who do not initially respond to anti-PD-1 therapy in melanoma. In addition to our recent Fast Track Designation for this population, OncoSec is uniquely positioned to meaningfully impact clinical outcomes for patients who do not currently have any other options. By working with innovative immuno-oncology leaders, this alliance underpins OncoSec's strategy to combine our ImmunoPulse® IL-12 program with checkpoint inhibitor therapies to advance the care of patients." Eligible patients for this Phase II study will be those with Stage III/IV metastatic melanoma who are progressing, or have progressed, on previous treatment with an anti-PD-1 therapy. The collaboration agreement is between OncoSec Medical Incorporated and Merck, through a subsidiary. Under the agreement, OncoSec will sponsor and fund the study and Merck will provide KEYTRUDA®. Additional details of the collaboration were not disclosed. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA. ImmunoPulse® is a registered trademark of OncoSec Medical Incorporated, San Diego, CA, USA. About PISCES PISCES (Anti-PD-1 IL-12 Stage III/IV Combination Electroporation Study) will be a Phase II multicenter study of ImmunoPulse® IL-12 in combination with KEYTRUDA® in patients with histological diagnosis of melanoma with progressive locally advanced or metastatic disease defined as Stage III or Stage IV. Eligible patients will be those with Stage III/IV metastatic melanoma who are progressing or have progressed on an approved anti-PD-1 therapy. The primary endpoint for this registration-directed trial will be best overall response rate (BORR). About OncoSec Medical Incorporated OncoSec is a biotechnology company developing DNA-based intratumoral immunotherapies with an investigational technology, ImmunoPulse®, for the treatment of cancer. ImmunoPulse® is designed to enhance the local delivery and uptake of DNA-based immune-targeting agents, such as IL-12. In Phase I and II clinical trials, ImmunoPulse® IL-12 has demonstrated a favorable safety profile and evidence of anti-tumor activity in the treatment of various solid tumors as well as a systemic clinical and immune response. OncoSec's lead program, ImmunoPulse® IL-12, is currently in clinical development for metastatic melanoma and triple-negative breast cancer. The program's current focus is on the significant unmet medical need in patients with melanoma who are refractory or non-responsive to anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapies. In addition to ImmunoPulse® IL-12, the Company is also identifying and developing new immune-targeting agents for use with the ImmunoPulse® platform. For more information, please visit www.oncosec.com.   Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "can," "may," "will," "suggest," "look forward to," "potential," "understand," and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on management's current preliminary expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause our results to differ materially and adversely from the statements contained herein. Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those predicted include, among others, the following: uncertainties inherent in pre-clinical studies and clinical trials, such as the ability to enroll patients in clinical trials and the risk of adverse events; unexpected new data, safety and technical issues; our ability to raise additional funding necessary to fund continued operations; and the other factors discussed in OncoSec's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. OncoSec disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date they are made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. CONTACT: Investor Relations:  OncoSec Medical Incorporated  855-662-6732  investors@oncosec.com Media Relations : OncoSec Medical Incorporated  855-662-6732 media@oncosec.com   SOURCE OncoSec Medical Incorporated CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Clinical Trials/Medical Discoveries, Health Care/Hospitals, Licensing/Marketing Agreements, Medical/Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Forbes Ranks Boyden in Top Ten in Executive Search Next PostNext Agricultural Colorants Sales Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the US and Canada, and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.1 “This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers,” said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. “Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need.” “This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers,” said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. “By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer’s deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients.” Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US.2,3 When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%.4 Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed.2 “Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low,” said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD, US. “Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease.” The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%).1 For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.1 BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.1 The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne™ program. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. CoverOne may be reached by phone at 844-8COVER1 (844-826-8371) or online at www.CoverOne.com. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum- containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate, (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In December 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III multicenter, multinational, randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study (JAVELIN Bladder 100) of BAVENCIO plus best supportive care versus best supportive care alone as a maintenance treatment in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease did not progress after completion of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. This trial is currently enrolling patients. For more information about JAVELIN trials, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. For full prescribing information and medication guide for BAVENCIO, please see www.BAVENCIO.com. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATIONS BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment, and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life- threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade ≥ 3) hyperglycemia, and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reaction (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%), and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (UC) were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). Selected laboratory abnormalities (grades 3-4, ≥ 3%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC were hyponatremia (16%), gamma-glutamyltransferase increased (12%), lymphopenia (11%), hyperglycemia (9%), increased alkaline phosphatase (7%), anemia (6%), increased lipase (6%), hyperkalemia (3%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (3%). INDICATIONS BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Please see full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. About BAVENCIO® (avelumab) BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.1 These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. Alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US, enables the companies to benefit from each other’s strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer’s PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany – a leading science and technology company – in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company’s home state of Massachusetts. www.emdserono.com About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Website. Please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of €15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the “Merck” name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world’s best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world’s premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), the alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results”, as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. References 1. BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. 2. National Cancer Institute. Bladder Cancer Treatment (PDQ) – Health Professional Version. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/types/bladder/hp/bladder-treatment-pdq. Accessed May 9, 2017. 3. National Comprehensive Cancer Network. NCCN Guidelines Version 1.2017 Updates. Bladder Cancer. Available from: https://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/pdf/bladder.pdf. Accessed May 9, 2017. 4. National Cancer Institute. The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER): Cancer Stat Facts: Bladder Cancer. Available at: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html. Accessed May 9, 2017. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Building Information Modeling Market to Experience Increase in Growth by 2016-2024 Next PostNext Global Enterprise Cybersecurity Market 2017: Cisco Systems, McAfee, Siemens, CyberArk, Honeywell, Cybercon, Maverick Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Pfizer immuno-oncology drug wins U.S. approval for bladder cancer Reuters May 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO: The Pfizer logo is seen at their world headquarters in New York April 28, 2014. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly/File PhotoMore (Reuters) - U.S. health regulators on Tuesday granted accelerated approval for Pfizer Inc's immuno-oncology drug Bavencio to treat advanced bladder cancer, marking the second approval in less than two months for the treatment developed along with Germany's Merck KGaA. Bavencio, known chemically as avelumab, was approved for patients with locally advanced or metastatic bladder cancer whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of chemotherapy treatment before or after surgery. It is the fourth new immunotherapy to be approved for advanced bladder cancer. In March, Bavencio was approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat a rare skin cancer called Merkel cell carcinoma. German Merck said the wholesale price for Bavencio based on an average bladder cancer patient will be about $13,000 a month, less than the $15,000 per month AstraZeneca set after its Imfinzi received U.S. approval for bladder cancer a week ago. Roche's Tecentriq and Opdivo from Bristol-Myers Squibb are also approved for bladder cancer. The Bavencio approval was based on response rates from a study of 242 patients who all received Bavencio. As a condition of accelerated approval, the companies will conduct another trial to confirm that it can extend survival. Bavencio belongs to a class of drugs called PD-L1 or PD-1 inhibitors that help the immune system to attack cancer by blocking a mechanism tumors use to evade detection. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by James Dalgleish and Richard Chang) Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community ‘Ribcage Bragging’ Is the Scary New Body Trend Sweeping Social Media 4393 reactions7%55%38% White House protests, tiger cubs, Poopootovs & more — it happened today: May 10 in pictures 26 reactions5%54%41% Penn State frat cameras will 'unquestionably ... become important evidence,' legal analyst says 1238 reactions4%64%32% Diddy Reigns in Rap Rich List 998 reactions3%75%22% Hundreds gather at White House to protest Trump’s firing of FBI Director Comey 393 reactions4%70%26% Simone Biles' response to 'DWTS' judges 'smiling' comments was pure gold 1 reactions Trump Camp Dismisses Russia Probe, Yet Panics 1 reactions Comey's farewell letter: 'I'm not going to spend time on the decision or the way it was executed' 825 reactions5%73%22% Cheerleader Arrested for Faking Burglary to Keep Her Uniforms 2072 reactions5%73%22% Bow Wow Caught Lying About His Private Jet and Inspires #BowWowChallenge 881 reactions6%72%22% London's dark river and its secrets 35 reactions2%88%10% How 'Dance Moms' star Abby Lee Miller wants to spend her time in prison Dem On House Intel Cmte Wants to Hear from Comey 8 reactions16%46%38% Comey's firing: Trump frustration finally boiled into action 3641 reactions3%64%33% Video of 1-year-old girl mimicking mom, speaking in perfect sentences goes viral 766 reactions21%60%19% Jennifer Aniston Reveals Why She Thinks 'Friends' Would Never Exist in Today's Smart Phone Age 508 reactions7%77%16% Donald Trump hires lawyers to help defend him over Russia allegations James: The louder they yell "It's not true"...the more I wonder if we've underestimated just how deep Trumpty is in with the Russians. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1k
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 22 °C 10 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 24 °C 12 °C Pretoria, South Africa 16 °C 9 °C Cape Town, South Africa 28 °C 16 °C Durban, South Africa 27 °C 11 °C Mbombela, South Africa 23 °C 8 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 24 °C 11 °C Polokwane, South Africa 20 °C 12 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 22 °C 13 °C East London, South Africa 27 °C 9 °C Upington, South Africa 24 °C 9 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story Winter 2017 is on its way Story The Clinch TV - EFC matchmaker explains Henry Fadipe replacement Story M1 bridge repairs to affect traffic again Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! US FDA approves Merck immunotherapy/chemo combo for lung cancer World Thursday 11 May 2017 - 1:04am A view of the Merck & Co. campus in Linden, New Jersey March 9, 2009, after Merck & Co Inc said it would acquire Schering-Plough Corp in $41.1 billion deal, widening Merck's pipeline and diversifying its portfolio of medicines. Photo: Reuters WASHINGTON - Merck & Co said on Wednesday US health regulators approved its Keytruda in combination with chemotherapy for previously untreated advanced lung cancer, solidifying the drugmaker's lead position in the field of medicines that help the immune system fight cancer. Lung cancer is by far the largest oncology market and the approval significantly expands the number of patients available for Keytruda therapy. Merck shares were up 3.2 percent at $65.99(R889.39) in extended trading. "This is the key game changer for Keytruda," said Leerink Partners analyst Seamus Fernandez, adding that he expects physician acceptance to be "pretty robust." The accelerated approval was based on data from a study of 123 previously untreated patients with metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "It was a small trial but the results were really quite striking," said Roy Baynes, head of global clinical development for Merck Research Labs. The Food and Drug Administration approved Keytruda in combination with Eli Lilly's  Alimta, the chemotherapy drug used in the study that led to the agency's decision. Merck may be asked to conduct another trial to confirm the clinical benefit of the combination. Keytruda alone was already approved as an initial, or first-line, therapy for advanced NSCLC in patients whose cancer cells have a high level of the PD-L1 protein the drug targets. The combination allows for treatment regardless of level of PD-L1. Merck scored a coup last year, when Keytruda extended patient survival in a first-line lung cancer trial, supplanting Bristol-Myers Squibb as the perceived leader in the field. Bristol's rival drug Opdivo surprisingly failed to show a survival benefit compared with chemotherapy in a similar study. Both drugs and one from Roche were already approved for lung cancer once a prior treatment fails or stops working. The medicines belong to a new class of cancer drugs, called PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors, that block a mechanism tumours use to evade detection by the immune system. There are now five approved for a variety of cancers, but all companies involved are aiming for a slice of the lung cancer market. Bristol-Myers is testing Opdivo with its other immunotherapy, Yervoy, as a first-line NSCLC treatment, but did not seek accelerated approval. AstraZeneca is also testing an all immuno-oncology combination with highly anticipated data expected mid-year. The original Keytruda first-line approval allowed for treatment of about 30 percent of NSCLC cases. The combination could be used on all patients with non-squamous NSCLC, which accounts for about 75 percent of lung cancer cases. Reuters Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES The cost of cancer: new drugs show success at a steep price 03 April 2017 President Donald Trump has joined lawmakers on both sides of the aisle in grappling with how to restrain the rising cost of prescription drugs. Mandoza to undergo chemotherapy 06 September 2016 The Kwaito star's producer has made an impassioned plea for prayers for the Nkalakahla singer. Hope for liver cancer sufferers 08 July 2016 Ground breaking treatment gives hope to people with liver cancer. Trending 1Mrs Gigabytes: Im my own woman 2Ramaphosas unscheduled visits undermined tradition, says ANC KZN 3UPDATE: Zuma demands intelligence report from DA 4One-on-one with Mrs Gigaba - Part 1 5Sassa needs R6 billion, Dlamini tells Parliament Full coverage The Trump Presidency Is it time for the American dream to die? Protest Nation Mbalula warns against anarchy The Sassa grant payments debacle Sassa needs R6-billion, Dlamini tells Parliament Turmoil at the SABC #SABC's TV license for mobile devices sets Twitter abuzz View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 13.4531 0.0021 GB Pound 17.4133 -0.003 Euro 14.6347 -0.0056 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 50.28 2.63 Gold $ 1222.18 0.13 Platinum $ 916.5 0.71 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 47635.58 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 54254.34 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 32172.88 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds BackChat CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor The Clinch Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 43° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News U.S. FDA approves Merck immunotherapy/chemo combo for lung cancer U.S. FDA approves Merck immunotherapy/chemo combo for lung cancer Wednesday, May 10, 2017 5:23 p.m. CDT A view of the Merck & Co. campus in Linden, New Jersey March 9, 2009, after Merck & Co Inc said it would acquire Schering-Plough Corp in $41 By Bill Berkrot (Reuters) - Merck & Co said on Wednesday U.S. health regulators approved its Keytruda in combination with chemotherapy for previously untreated advanced lung cancer, solidifying the drugmaker's lead position in the field of medicines that help the immune system fight cancer. Lung cancer is by far the largest oncology market and the approval significantly expands the number of patients available for Keytruda therapy. Merck shares were up 3.2 percent at $65.99 in extended trading. "This is the key game changer for Keytruda," said Leerink Partners analyst Seamus Fernandez, adding that he expects physician acceptance to be "pretty robust." The accelerated approval was based on data from a study of 123 previously untreated patients with metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "It was a small trial but the results were really quite striking," said Roy Baynes, head of global clinical development for Merck Research Labs. The Food and Drug Administration approved Keytruda in combination with Eli Lilly's Alimta, the chemotherapy drug used in the study that led to the agency's decision. Merck may be asked to conduct another trial to confirm the clinical benefit of the combination. Keytruda alone was already approved as an initial, or first-line, therapy for advanced NSCLC in patients whose cancer cells have a high level of the PD-L1 protein the drug targets. The combination allows for treatment regardless of level of PD-L1. Merck scored a coup last year, when Keytruda extended patient survival in a first-line lung cancer trial, supplanting Bristol-Myers Squibb as the perceived leader in the field. Bristol's rival drug Opdivo surprisingly failed to show a survival benefit compared with chemotherapy in a similar study. Both drugs and one from Roche were already approved for lung cancer once a prior treatment fails or stops working. The medicines belong to a new class of cancer drugs, called PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors, that block a mechanism tumors use to evade detection by the immune system. There are now five approved for a variety of cancers, but all companies involved are aiming for a slice of the lung cancer market. Bristol-Myers is testing Opdivo with its other immunotherapy, Yervoy, as a first-line NSCLC treatment, but did not seek accelerated approval. AstraZeneca is also testing an all immuno-oncology combination with highly anticipated data expected mid-year. The original Keytruda first-line approval allowed for treatment of about 30 percent of NSCLC cases. The combination could be used on all patients with non-squamous NSCLC, which accounts for about 75 percent of lung cancer cases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by James Dalgleish) Comments Top Stories 4th Street Fires Determined To Be Arson Wednesday, May 10 Police Investigate Wednesday Morning Shooting Wednesday, May 10 Cook County Certifies Ten New Firefighters Wednesday, May 10 Visit Duluth Recognizes National Tourism Week Wednesday, May 10 New Home For Many Rivers Montessori School Tuesday, May 9 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. FDA approves Merck immunotherapy/chemo combo for lung cancer Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Wed May 10, 2017 | 6:27pm EDT U.S. FDA approves Merck immunotherapy/chemo combo for lung cancer A view of the Merck & Co. campus in Linden, New Jersey March 9, 2009, after Merck & Co Inc said it would acquire Schering-Plough Corp in $41.1 billion deal, widening Merck's pipeline and diversifying its portfolio of medicines. REUTERS/Jeff Zelevansky By Bill Berkrot Merck & Co (MRK.N) said on Wednesday U.S. health regulators approved its Keytruda in combination with chemotherapy for previously untreated advanced lung cancer, solidifying the drugmaker's lead position in the field of medicines that help the immune system fight cancer. Lung cancer is by far the largest oncology market and the approval significantly expands the number of patients available for Keytruda therapy. Merck shares were up 3.2 percent at $65.99 in extended trading. "This is the key game changer for Keytruda," said Leerink Partners analyst Seamus Fernandez, adding that he expects physician acceptance to be "pretty robust." The accelerated approval was based on data from a study of 123 previously untreated patients with metastatic non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "It was a small trial but the results were really quite striking," said Roy Baynes, head of global clinical development for Merck Research Labs. The Food and Drug Administration approved Keytruda in combination with Eli Lilly's (LLY.N) Alimta, the chemotherapy drug used in the study that led to the agency's decision. Merck may be asked to conduct another trial to confirm the clinical benefit of the combination. Keytruda alone was already approved as an initial, or first-line, therapy for advanced NSCLC in patients whose cancer cells have a high level of the PD-L1 protein the drug targets. The combination allows for treatment regardless of level of PD-L1. Merck scored a coup last year, when Keytruda extended patient survival in a first-line lung cancer trial, supplanting Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY.N) as the perceived leader in the field. Bristol's rival drug Opdivo surprisingly failed to show a survival benefit compared with chemotherapy in a similar study. Both drugs and one from Roche (ROG.S) were already approved for lung cancer once a prior treatment fails or stops working. The medicines belong to a new class of cancer drugs, called PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitors, that block a mechanism tumors use to evade detection by the immune system. There are now five approved for a variety of cancers, but all companies involved are aiming for a slice of the lung cancer market. Bristol-Myers is testing Opdivo with its other immunotherapy, Yervoy, as a first-line NSCLC treatment, but did not seek accelerated approval. AstraZeneca (AZN.L) is also testing an all immuno-oncology combination with highly anticipated data expected mid-year. The original Keytruda first-line approval allowed for treatment of about 30 percent of NSCLC cases. The combination could be used on all patients with non-squamous NSCLC, which accounts for about 75 percent of lung cancer cases. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by James Dalgleish) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Health News In Europe, U.S., modern AIDS drugs add extra 10 years of life expectancy LONDON Life expectancy for young HIV-positive adults has risen by 10 years in the United States and Europe thanks to improvements in AIDS drugs known as antiretroviral therapy, researchers said on Thursday. Pfizer strikes deal with Sangamo, broadening hemophilia pipeline NEW YORK U.S. drugmaker Pfizer Inc said on Wednesday it reached an agreement with Sangamo Therapeutics Inc for rights to its gene therapy programs to treat the rare blood-clotting disorder hemophilia A, under which Pfizer will pay $70 million upfront. Illinois bill expands abortion coverage, faces governor's veto CHICAGO An Illinois bill that expands state-funded coverage of abortions for low-income residents and state employees passed the Democratic-controlled Senate on Wednesday but faces a likely veto by the state's Republican governor. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Latest News Dow 20,943 -32.67 -0.16% Nasdaq 6,129 +8.56 +0.14% S&P 500 2,400 +2.71 +0.11% 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,403.34 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,376.61 3:02 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 396.01 2:55 A.M. ET BT cuts CEO's bonus as profit falls; dividend up 2:54 A.M. ET Coca-Cola HBC revenue rises on EM trading 2:53 A.M. ET Stada management back Bain, Cinven takeover offer 2:53 A.M. ET Telefonica profit up 42% on currency gains 2:51 A.M. ET Henkel net profit up 14% after Sun Products buy 2:51 A.M. ET Zurich profit falls but upbeat on outlook 2:50 A.M. ET KBC posts profit on higher lending, deposits 2:49 A.M. ET Barclays to pay $97 mln to settle SEC allegations 2:48 A.M. ET Draghi, Dutch lawmakers clash over ECB's stimulus 2:47 A.M. ET Diageo to dispute additional taxes, interest 2:47 A.M. ET Barclays chair backs embattled Staley over probe 2:08 A.M. ET Oil gains lift most Asian markets, but China sags on liquidity worries 1:45 A.M. ET UniCredit reports profit of 907 million euros 1:29 A.M. ET Oil boosted by signs U.S. crude glut is shrinking 1:06 A.M. ET Credit Agricole profit more than triples 5/10 Updated Americans will talk about sex and infidelity before they talk about this… 5/10 Updated What to do when, like James Comey, you suddenly get fired Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Immunovaccine Announces Financial Results for Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 By Published: May 10, 2017 5:05 p.m. ET Share HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA, May 10, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA--(Marketwired - May 10, 2017) - Immunovaccine Inc. (IMV)(otcqx:IMMVF), a clinical stage immuno-oncology company, today released its financial and operational results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. "Immunovaccine's accomplishments this quarter underscore our clinical strategy, which is to focus on combination immuno-oncology therapies incorporating our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac," said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine's Chief Executive Officer. "Our objective is to confirm preliminary observations that DPX-Survivac may work synergistically to increase the vulnerability of hard-to-treat tumors, improving the anti-cancer responses of today's best monotherapies, including anti-PD-1 agents. From our announcement of the early data in our triple combination immuno-therapy with Incyte, to the planned Phase 2 trial in combination with Merck's leading anti-PD 1 drug, we were pleased to show how our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac, achieved several milestones on the path to addressing an important unmet medical need." Operational Highlights of the First Quarter 2017 Include: Investigator-led Phase 2 trial of ovarian cancer vaccine, DPX-Survivac, to begin – Immunovaccine announced that University Health Network's Princess Margaret Cancer Centre would be initiating a Phase 2 triple combination study evaluating the safety and efficacy of the Company's lead clinical candidate, DPX-Survivac, with Merck's currently marketed anti-PD-1 drug, pembrolizumab, and low-dose cyclophosphamide in advanced ovarian cancer patients. Positive early data from our ongoing Phase 1b study of DPX-Survivac – Immunovaccine announced positive interim clinical data from its Phase 1b triple-combination study of DPX Survivac, in combination with Incyte's epacadostat and low-dose cyclophosphamide, for the treatment of ovarian cancer. The data set has provided an encouraging first clinical demonstration of DPX-Survivac's ability to activate T cells and help improve tumor response rates among cancers previously unresponsive to monotherapies. Pierre Labbé, joins the leadership team as CFO – Immunovaccine appointed financial veteran Pierre Labbé, CPA, CA, ICD, as its new chief financial officer (CFO) supporting the Company's financing and business development operations. Mr. Labbé brings with him more than 25 years' experience, including eight years as CFO at clinical-stage biotechnology company, Medicago. Q1 2017 Financial Results The Company prepares its unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles as set out in the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada – Accounting Part I ("CPA Canada Handbook"), which incorporates International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). The net loss and comprehensive loss of $2,369,000 for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 ("Q1 Fiscal 2017") was $518,000 higher than the net loss and comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016 ("Q1 Fiscal 2016"). This relates mainly to a $63,000 increase in research and development costs, a $60,000 increase in business development and investor relations costs, a $189,000 increase in general and administrative expenditures, a decrease in revenue of $65,000 and a $141,000 increase in accreted interest. At March 31, 2017, Immunovaccine had cash and cash equivalents of $11,774,000 and working capital of $11,870,000 as compared to $13,547,000 in cash and $12,982,000 in working capital at December 31, 2016. As of May 10, 2017, the number of issued and outstanding common shares was 119,863,293. As of May 10, 2017, the number of stock options outstanding was 5,064,947, the number of outstanding deferred share units was 399,842 and the number of outstanding warrants was 7,617,683. Immunovaccine's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for March 31, 2017, filed in accordance with IFRS, and the management discussion and analysis (MD&A), will be available at www.sedar.com. Voting Results of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders of the Company Immunovaccine also announced the voting results of the annual and special meeting (the "Meeting") of shareholders of the Company (the "Shareholders") held today in Halifax, Nova Scotia, each of the 8 nominees listed in the Management Information Circular filed with regulatory authorities were elected as directors of the Corporation. Based on the proxies received and the votes on a show of hands, the following individuals were elected as directors of the Corporation until the next annual shareholders' meeting. Accordingly, the results are set out below:   Nominee            Votes For    % of Votes For   Votes Withheld   % Votes Withheld   Non Vote   
  Wade Dawe          49,481,469   100%             10               0.00%              1,240,770  
  James Hall         49,481,479   100%             0                0.00%              1,240,770  
  Wayne Pisano       49,481,469   100%             10               0.00%              1,240,770  
  Albert Scardino    49,481,469   100%             10               0.00%              1,240,770  
  Andrew Sheldon     49,481,479   100%             0                0.00%              1,240,770  
  Alfred Smithers    49,400,479   99.84%           81,000           0.16%              1,240,770  
  Shermaine Tilley   49,481,469   100%             10               0.00%              1,240,770  
  Frederic Ors       49,478,469   99.99%           3,010            0.01%              1,240,770  

 All other resolutions provided for in the Management Information Circular were duly passed and as such a report on the voting results will be filed today with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities at www.sedar.com. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company's patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. MEDIA Mike Beyer, Sam Brown Inc. T: (312) 961-2502 mikebeyer@sambrown.com INVESTOR RELATIONS Pierre Labbe, Chief Financial Officer T: (902) 492-1819 info@imvaccine.com Patti Bank, Managing Director, Westwicke Partners O: (415) 513-1284 T: (415) 515-4572 patti.bank@westwicke.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Wine and cheese make you smart and healthy, according to new studies This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba Here’s the ‘closest thing to a sure bet’ in stocks in next 6 months Why Snap lost $2.2 billion in its first quarter as a public company The Crazy BMX Bike Tricks All the Young Riders Are Doing MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending FDA approves Rydapt Shire licences Parion dry eye drug MCMS integrates Garmin data Healthcare transformation and innovation Ambulance forms partnerships Merck and Pfizer claim second FDA nod for cancer drug Bavencio Analysts predict it will bring in sales of around $600m by 2020 Merck KGaA and Pfizer's immuno-oncology drug Bavencio has been approved by the FDA for bladder cancer, the second for the new drug in less than two months. PD-L1 inhibitor Bavencio (avelumab) has been approved for second-line use in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) whose disease progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy. The green light comes just days after AstraZeneca bagged US approval for its PD-L1 inhibitor Imfinzi (durvalumab) for the same indication, and just a few weeks after Bavencio claimed its first approval as a treatment for the skin cancer Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). Bladder cancer is a much larger market than MCC, which affects only a few thousand people per year. In contrast UC is the ninth most common cancer worldwide with 430,000 new cases diagnosed in 2012, and it results in approximately 145,000 deaths globally each year. When the disease has metastasised, the five-year survival rate is just 5%. Along with Imfinzi, Bavencio will compete in the mUC category with Roche's PD-L1 inhibitor Tecentriq (atezolizumab) - which has also picked up a first-line approval for this form of bladder cancer - as well as Bristol-Myers Squibb's PD-1 inhibitor Opdivo (nivolumab) which got an FDA approval for second-line mUC in February. Also in the offing is Merck & Co's PD-1 inhibitor Keytruda (pembrolizumab) which has been filed for approval in first-line platinum-ineligible mUC patients, as well as second-line after chemotherapy. The new immuno-oncology drugs are starting to transform the treatment of bladder cancer, which prior to their approval had seen few treatment options emerge from pharma industry pipelines in the last 30 years. Commenting on the new approval, Andrea Apolo, an oncologist at National Cancer Institute in the US, said: "Once UC progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low." "Until recently, there had been limited innovation in UC, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease." Analysts have predicted avelumab sales of around $600m in 2020 - rising to $4bn-plus at peak - although the drug will have to battle with the rival checkpoint inhibitors for market share in some indications, including bladder cancer. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 10th May 2017 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Gottlieb heading to FDA after clearing Senate vote Pfizer launches antibiotic resistance surveillance website Deal Watch February 2017 Novartis' Rydapt approval ends long AML therapy drought Pfizer expands Healthcare Hub programme for tech startups Related Hub content Case Study - Pfizer Case Study - Pfizer Marketing strategy in complex environments When is sun safety doing more harm than good? PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Account Director, Digital Healthcare Communications Agency £45, 000 – £55, 000 benefits Senior Medical Writer – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC ENTRY LEVEL - Associate Medical Writer / Junior Medical Writer -... DOE Programme Director - Healthcare PR - London Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Scientific Dire... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits General Manager UK Generous compensation package on offer Associate Project Manager – Editorial – Med Comms Salary TBC Editorial Manager – Medical Education – Global Agency Salary TBC Director, Scientific Services Great salary and benefits FREELANCE ACCOUNT DIRECTOR - MED ED OR HEALTHCARE PR - LONDON - ... SUPERB DAY RATE AVAILABLE Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Associate Director – Healthcare PR – Global Agency Salary TBC Senior Account Manager - Healthcare Advertising Competitive - dependent on experience Product Manager - Rheumatology & Antimocrobial Competitive Package Salary Account Manager, Medical Communications, Home Counties Competitive In-House Medical Writer - Hertfordshire Dependent upon experience Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content GSK asthma app wins healthcare technology award Sanofi agrees €250m diabetes deal with AI firm Exscientia WHO pilots scheme to make biosimilars available to poorer countries Pfizer expands Healthcare Hub programme for tech startups FDA clears new ALS drug Radicava ahead of schedule Teva drops laquinimod for most common form of MS after failed trial Start now: Multichannel detailing e-book Merck and Pfizer claim second FDA nod for cancer drug Bavencio Focus on Rare Diseases Gottlieb heading to FDA after clearing Senate vote When science is not enough Kyamb appoints its first chief medical officer PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services HAVAS LYNX Welcome to HAVAS LYNX, a leading global healthcare communications group.... Latest intelligence Start now: Multichannel detailing e-book ... Live webinar: Exploring the opportunity for women’s health in emerging markets Join market research consultants Sue Rees and Helen Mace for this complimentary webinar in which they will explore the opportunity for women’s health in emerging markets.... NEW STUDY: THE EVOLVING MEETING LANDSCAPE New research is underway into ‘The Evolving Meeting Landscape: How HCP Demand and Industry Supply is Changing in a Multichannel World’.... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Immunovaccine Announces Financial Results for Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA–(Marketwired – May 10, 2017) – Immunovaccine Inc. (TSX:IMV)(OTCQX:IMMVF), a clinical stage immuno-oncology company, today released its financial and operational results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. „Immunovaccine’s accomplishments this quarter underscore our clinical strategy, which is to focus on combination immuno-oncology therapies incorporating our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac,” said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine’s Chief Executive Officer. „Our objective is to confirm preliminary observations that DPX-Survivac may work synergistically to increase the vulnerability of hard-to-treat tumors, improving the anti-cancer responses of today’s best monotherapies, including anti-PD-1 agents. From our announcement of the early data in our triple combination immuno-therapy with Incyte, to the planned Phase 2 trial in combination with Merck’s leading anti-PD 1 drug, we were pleased to show how our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac, achieved several milestones on the path to addressing an important unmet medical need.” Operational Highlights of the First Quarter 2017 Include: Investigator-led Phase 2 trial of ovarian cancer vaccine, DPX-Survivac, to begin – Immunovaccine announced that University Health Network’s Princess Margaret Cancer Centre would be initiating a Phase 2 triple combination study evaluating the safety and efficacy of the Company’s lead clinical candidate, DPX-Survivac, with Merck’s currently marketed anti-PD-1 drug, pembrolizumab, and low-dose cyclophosphamide in advanced ovarian cancer patients. Positive early data from our ongoing Phase 1b study of DPX-Survivac – Immunovaccine announced positive interim clinical data from its Phase 1b triple-combination study of DPX Survivac, in combination with Incyte’s epacadostat and low-dose cyclophosphamide, for the treatment of ovarian cancer. The data set has provided an encouraging first clinical demonstration of DPX-Survivac’s ability to activate T cells and help improve tumor response rates among cancers previously unresponsive to monotherapies. Pierre Labbé, joins the leadership team as CFO – Immunovaccine appointed financial veteran Pierre Labbé, CPA, CA, ICD, as its new chief financial officer (CFO) supporting the Company’s financing and business development operations. Mr. Labbé brings with him more than 25 years’ experience, including eight years as CFO at clinical-stage biotechnology company, Medicago. Q1 2017 Financial Results The Company prepares its unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles as set out in the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada – Accounting Part I („CPA Canada Handbook”), which incorporates International Financial Reporting Standards („IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board („IASB”). The net loss and comprehensive loss of $2,369,000 for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 („Q1 Fiscal 2017”) was $518,000 higher than the net loss and comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016 („Q1 Fiscal 2016”). This relates mainly to a $63,000 increase in research and development costs, a $60,000 increase in business development and investor relations costs, a $189,000 increase in general and administrative expenditures, a decrease in revenue of $65,000 and a $141,000 increase in accreted interest. At March 31, 2017, Immunovaccine had cash and cash equivalents of $11,774,000 and working capital of $11,870,000 as compared to $13,547,000 in cash and $12,982,000 in working capital at December 31, 2016. As of May 10, 2017, the number of issued and outstanding common shares was 119,863,293. As of May 10, 2017, the number of stock options outstanding was 5,064,947, the number of outstanding deferred share units was 399,842 and the number of outstanding warrants was 7,617,683. Immunovaccine’s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for March 31, 2017, filed in accordance with IFRS, and the management discussion and analysis (MD&A), will be available at www.sedar.com. Voting Results of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders of the Company Immunovaccine also announced the voting results of the annual and special meeting (the „Meeting”) of shareholders of the Company (the „Shareholders”) held today in Halifax, Nova Scotia, each of the 8 nominees listed in the Management Information Circular filed with regulatory authorities were elected as directors of the Corporation. Based on the proxies received and the votes on a show of hands, the following individuals were elected as directors of the Corporation until the next annual shareholders’ meeting. Accordingly, the results are set out below: Nominee Votes For % of Votes For Votes Withheld % Votes Withheld Non Vote Wade Dawe 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 James Hall 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Wayne Pisano 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Albert Scardino 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Andrew Sheldon 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Alfred Smithers 49,400,479 99.84% 81,000 0.16% 1,240,770 Shermaine Tilley 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Frederic Ors 49,478,469 99.99% 3,010 0.01% 1,240,770 All other resolutions provided for in the Management Information Circular were duly passed and as such a report on the voting results will be filed today with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities at www.sedar.com. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company’s patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Northview Apartment REIT Announces Voting Results from 2017 Annual General & Special Meeting of Unitholders Next PostNext Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Digital Broadcast and Cinematography Cameras Market United States Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Digital Isolators Market United States Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Research Report Innovative Solutions Drive Double-digit Growth Opportunities in Asia-Pacific Molecular Diagnostics Market World’s First Trade Platform To Power Global Trade Connectivity Launched By GeTS SEACOR Holdings Inc. Declares Spin-Off Dividend of SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. Shares RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) No Rx Canadian Pharmacy / cheap 2.5 mg Vasotec Best Place To Buy / Flexible Payment Options Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 10 de Maio de 2017 cheap 2.5 mg Vasotec Best Place To Buy Generic Vasotec How To Get Cheapest Vasotec Generic without prescription. Vasotec (Enalapril) is used to treat high blood pressure, heart failure, and other heart problems. It is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor which works by helping to relax blood vessels. Generic Vasotec is a cost-saving medication prescribed by  medical physicians worldwide. Generic Vasotec may also be marketed as: Enalapril, Enaladex, Enacard *Vasotec® is a trusted high blood pressure treatment & the first of its kind, by Merck & Co. Rating 4.6 stars, based on 257 comments Price from $0.56 Per pill Use this link to Order Generic Vasotec (Enalapril) NOW! Order Generic Vasotec Belgium Where To Purchase Online Vasotec Canada Best Place Purchase Vasotec Online Where To Order Cheap Vasotec San Francisco Enalapril Enalapril Cheapest Online Buy Vasotec Now Online No Prescription Combien Cheap Vasotec Spain Buy Enalapril Credit Card Costo Pillola Vasotec Beställ Generic Vasotec Italy No Prescription Vasotec Online Cheap Buy Enalapril Online No Rx Aggrenox Médicament Prix cheap Tegretol buy Sumatriptan Where To Purchase Cheap Vasotec Boston, Where To Order Cheap Vasotec Seattle, Enalapril Buy Online Reviews, Purchase Enalapril Online, Combien Generic Vasotec Atlanta, Buy Cheap Vasotec Seattle, Where To Get Generic Vasotec Washington, Enalapril Pharmacy Cost, Billig Online Vasotec Phoenix, Vasotec Tablets Cost, Billig Online Vasotec Atlanta, Cheapest Brand Enalapril Online, Combien Cheap Vasotec Danmark, Where To Get Generic Vasotec England, Enalapril Daily Buy, Buy Fda Enalapril, How To Purchase Vasotec Online, Low Dose Vasotec Cost, Vasotec Online Cheap, Order Generic Vasotec Sverige, Enalapril Generic Buy On Line Reviews, Buy Vasotec Generic For Cheap, Where Can I Buy Enalapril, Vasotec Original Sale, Where To Buy Vasotec With No Prescription, Buying Real Enalapril Online, Vasotec No Prescription Cheap, Discount Generic Vasotec Enalapril Best Buys, Combien Online Vasotec Italy, Where To Buy Cheap Vasotec Netherlands, Where To Order Generic Vasotec Suisse, What Does Vasotec Cost, Combien Generic Vasotec Canada, Cuanto Valen Las Pastilla Vasotec, Cual Costo Enalapril, Enalapril Cheap Prices, Köp Online Vasotec Phoenix, Enalapril Cheapest, Best Place To Buy Generic Vasotec Online, Vasotec Pills Buy, Achat Online Vasotec Suisse, Generic Vasotec Vs Enalapril Best Buys, Generic Vasotec Buy, How Much Does Enalapril Cost Without Insurance, Buy Enalapril Original Online With Prescription, Buy Vasotec Generic No Prescription, Köp Cheap Vasotec Netherlands, Achat Vasotec Paiement Paypal, Buy Genuine Enalapril Online, Cheapest Vasotec World, Generic Enalapril Cheap Prices, Achat Enalapril Internet Risque, Acheter Vasotec Par Internet, Achat Online Vasotec Houston, Best Enalapril Buy Online, Where To Buy Vasotec Online For Cheap, Brand Vasotec Name Online Order, Acheter Cheap Vasotec Odense, Where To Order Generic Vasotec Usa, Acheter Online Vasotec Italy, Order Enalapril Online Review Best Place To Purchase Hyzaar 50 mg cheap generic Rogaine icdc.com.my Q9zaWl Related Posts 24/7 kundsupporttjänster Januvia Köp Billigt Säker Apoteket För Att Köpa Generiska Läkemedel Risparmiate tempo e denaro – Generico Avalide Hydrochlorothiazide and Irbesartan Sconto – Farmacia di famiglia canadese In linea Vasotec 20 mg Il costo di – spedizione Trackable – poco costosa di prezzi Amlodipine 10 mg Sconto Generico :: Migliore farmacia degli Stati Uniti in linea :: Consegna in tutto il mondo veloce Order Generic Professional Cialis Cheap * Best Pharmacy To Purchase Generics * Fast Shipping Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Best Approved Online DrugStore. Buy Online Tegretol.... Anterior Safe Drugstore To Buy Generics. Buy Cheap Motilium 10... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Immunovaccine Inc. (IMMVF: OTCQX International) | Immunovaccine Announces Financial Results for Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA–(Marketwired – May 10, 2017) – Immunovaccine Inc. (TSX:IMV)(OTCQX:IMMVF), a clinical stage immuno-oncology company, today released its financial and operational results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. „Immunovaccine’s accomplishments this quarter underscore our clinical strategy, which is to focus on combination immuno-oncology therapies incorporating our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac,” said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine’s Chief Executive Officer. „Our objective is to confirm preliminary observations that DPX-Survivac may work synergistically to increase the vulnerability of hard-to-treat tumors, improving the anti-cancer responses of today’s best monotherapies, including anti-PD-1 agents. From our announcement of the early data in our triple combination immuno-therapy with Incyte, to the planned Phase 2 trial in combination with Merck’s leading anti-PD 1 drug, we were pleased to show how our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac, achieved several milestones on the path to addressing an important unmet medical need.” Operational Highlights of the First Quarter 2017 Include: Investigator-led Phase 2 trial of ovarian cancer vaccine, DPX-Survivac, to begin – Immunovaccine announced that University Health Network’s Princess Margaret Cancer Centre would be initiating a Phase 2 triple combination study evaluating the safety and efficacy of the Company’s lead clinical candidate, DPX-Survivac, with Merck’s currently marketed anti-PD-1 drug, pembrolizumab, and low-dose cyclophosphamide in advanced ovarian cancer patients. Positive early data from our ongoing Phase 1b study of DPX-Survivac – Immunovaccine announced positive interim clinical data from its Phase 1b triple-combination study of DPX Survivac, in combination with Incyte’s epacadostat and low-dose cyclophosphamide, for the treatment of ovarian cancer. The data set has provided an encouraging first clinical demonstration of DPX-Survivac’s ability to activate T cells and help improve tumor response rates among cancers previously unresponsive to monotherapies. Pierre Labbé, joins the leadership team as CFO – Immunovaccine appointed financial veteran Pierre Labbé, CPA, CA, ICD, as its new chief financial officer (CFO) supporting the Company’s financing and business development operations. Mr. Labbé brings with him more than 25 years’ experience, including eight years as CFO at clinical-stage biotechnology company, Medicago. Q1 2017 Financial Results The Company prepares its unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles as set out in the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada – Accounting Part I („CPA Canada Handbook”), which incorporates International Financial Reporting Standards („IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board („IASB”). The net loss and comprehensive loss of $2,369,000 for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 („Q1 Fiscal 2017”) was $518,000 higher than the net loss and comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016 („Q1 Fiscal 2016”). This relates mainly to a $63,000 increase in research and development costs, a $60,000 increase in business development and investor relations costs, a $189,000 increase in general and administrative expenditures, a decrease in revenue of $65,000 and a $141,000 increase in accreted interest. At March 31, 2017, Immunovaccine had cash and cash equivalents of $11,774,000 and working capital of $11,870,000 as compared to $13,547,000 in cash and $12,982,000 in working capital at December 31, 2016. As of May 10, 2017, the number of issued and outstanding common shares was 119,863,293. As of May 10, 2017, the number of stock options outstanding was 5,064,947, the number of outstanding deferred share units was 399,842 and the number of outstanding warrants was 7,617,683. Immunovaccine’s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for March 31, 2017, filed in accordance with IFRS, and the management discussion and analysis (MD&A), will be available at www.sedar.com. Voting Results of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders of the Company Immunovaccine also announced the voting results of the annual and special meeting (the „Meeting”) of shareholders of the Company (the „Shareholders”) held today in Halifax, Nova Scotia, each of the 8 nominees listed in the Management Information Circular filed with regulatory authorities were elected as directors of the Corporation. Based on the proxies received and the votes on a show of hands, the following individuals were elected as directors of the Corporation until the next annual shareholders’ meeting. Accordingly, the results are set out below: Nominee Votes For % of Votes For Votes Withheld % Votes Withheld Non Vote Wade Dawe 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 James Hall 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Wayne Pisano 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Albert Scardino 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Andrew Sheldon 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Alfred Smithers 49,400,479 99.84% 81,000 0.16% 1,240,770 Shermaine Tilley 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Frederic Ors 49,478,469 99.99% 3,010 0.01% 1,240,770 All other resolutions provided for in the Management Information Circular were duly passed and as such a report on the voting results will be filed today with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities at www.sedar.com. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company’s patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. Copyright © 2017 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsImmunovaccine Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious International Canoeing and Kayaking Equipment Market 2021: Leading Manufacturers (SOTAR,HYSIDE,AIRE,NRS) Analysis, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, & Forecast Next PostNext SEACOR Holdings Inc. Declares Spin-Off Dividend of SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. Shares Search Recent Posts Global $33 Billion Water & Wastewater Treatment Chemicals Market Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2016-2025 – Research and Markets Livestock Vaccine Market in Europe Research Study including Growth Factors, Types and Application by regions from 2017 to 2021 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100,000 Investing In FTD Companies Inc. To Contact The Firm Before Lead Plaintiff Deadline International Aviation Alternative Fuels Market 2016-2020: CAGR, Revenue, Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast International Business Jet Market 2020: Leading Manufacturers (Bombardier,Airbus,Boeing,Embraer) Analysis, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, & Forecast RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Immunovaccine Announces Financial Results for Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA–(Marketwired – May 10, 2017) – Immunovaccine Inc. (TSX:IMV)(OTCQX:IMMVF), a clinical stage immuno-oncology company, today released its financial and operational results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. „Immunovaccine’s accomplishments this quarter underscore our clinical strategy, which is to focus on combination immuno-oncology therapies incorporating our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac,” said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine’s Chief Executive Officer. „Our objective is to confirm preliminary observations that DPX-Survivac may work synergistically to increase the vulnerability of hard-to-treat tumors, improving the anti-cancer responses of today’s best monotherapies, including anti-PD-1 agents. From our announcement of the early data in our triple combination immuno-therapy with Incyte, to the planned Phase 2 trial in combination with Merck’s leading anti-PD 1 drug, we were pleased to show how our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac, achieved several milestones on the path to addressing an important unmet medical need.” Operational Highlights of the First Quarter 2017 Include: Investigator-led Phase 2 trial of ovarian cancer vaccine, DPX-Survivac, to begin – Immunovaccine announced that University Health Network’s Princess Margaret Cancer Centre would be initiating a Phase 2 triple combination study evaluating the safety and efficacy of the Company’s lead clinical candidate, DPX-Survivac, with Merck’s currently marketed anti-PD-1 drug, pembrolizumab, and low-dose cyclophosphamide in advanced ovarian cancer patients. Positive early data from our ongoing Phase 1b study of DPX-Survivac – Immunovaccine announced positive interim clinical data from its Phase 1b triple-combination study of DPX Survivac, in combination with Incyte’s epacadostat and low-dose cyclophosphamide, for the treatment of ovarian cancer. The data set has provided an encouraging first clinical demonstration of DPX-Survivac’s ability to activate T cells and help improve tumor response rates among cancers previously unresponsive to monotherapies. Pierre Labbé, joins the leadership team as CFO – Immunovaccine appointed financial veteran Pierre Labbé, CPA, CA, ICD, as its new chief financial officer (CFO) supporting the Company’s financing and business development operations. Mr. Labbé brings with him more than 25 years’ experience, including eight years as CFO at clinical-stage biotechnology company, Medicago. Q1 2017 Financial Results The Company prepares its unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles as set out in the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada – Accounting Part I („CPA Canada Handbook”), which incorporates International Financial Reporting Standards („IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board („IASB”). The net loss and comprehensive loss of $2,369,000 for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 („Q1 Fiscal 2017”) was $518,000 higher than the net loss and comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016 („Q1 Fiscal 2016”). This relates mainly to a $63,000 increase in research and development costs, a $60,000 increase in business development and investor relations costs, a $189,000 increase in general and administrative expenditures, a decrease in revenue of $65,000 and a $141,000 increase in accreted interest. At March 31, 2017, Immunovaccine had cash and cash equivalents of $11,774,000 and working capital of $11,870,000 as compared to $13,547,000 in cash and $12,982,000 in working capital at December 31, 2016. As of May 10, 2017, the number of issued and outstanding common shares was 119,863,293. As of May 10, 2017, the number of stock options outstanding was 5,064,947, the number of outstanding deferred share units was 399,842 and the number of outstanding warrants was 7,617,683. Immunovaccine’s unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for March 31, 2017, filed in accordance with IFRS, and the management discussion and analysis (MD&A), will be available at www.sedar.com. Voting Results of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders of the Company Immunovaccine also announced the voting results of the annual and special meeting (the „Meeting”) of shareholders of the Company (the „Shareholders”) held today in Halifax, Nova Scotia, each of the 8 nominees listed in the Management Information Circular filed with regulatory authorities were elected as directors of the Corporation. Based on the proxies received and the votes on a show of hands, the following individuals were elected as directors of the Corporation until the next annual shareholders’ meeting. Accordingly, the results are set out below: Nominee Votes For % of Votes For Votes Withheld % Votes Withheld Non Vote Wade Dawe 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 James Hall 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Wayne Pisano 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Albert Scardino 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Andrew Sheldon 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Alfred Smithers 49,400,479 99.84% 81,000 0.16% 1,240,770 Shermaine Tilley 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Frederic Ors 49,478,469 99.99% 3,010 0.01% 1,240,770 All other resolutions provided for in the Management Information Circular were duly passed and as such a report on the voting results will be filed today with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities at www.sedar.com. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company’s patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTCQX:IMMVF, TSX:IMV Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AARP and Parsons School of Design at The New School Award $5,000 Prize in the „Disrupt Aging Design Challenge” Next PostNext Freddie Mac Obtains $440 Million ACIS Policy Search Recent Posts 京信通信選擇賽肯通訊 提供一系列 LTE-Advanced CPE和流動路由器組件 YuppTV startet „Mini Theatre” für Premiere neuer Filmveröffentlichungen für indische Expats weltweit Ecopetrol Announces Timing of the First Quarter of 2017 Earnings Report and Conference Call SANGAMO THERAPEUTICS AND PFIZER ANNOUNCE COLLABORATION FOR HEMOPHILIA A GENE THERAPY 世界银行行长金墉将来华出席一带一路国际合作高峰论坛 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Immunovaccine Inc. TSX : IMV OTCQX : IMMVF May 10, 2017 17:05 ET Immunovaccine Announces Financial Results for Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA--(Marketwired - May 10, 2017) - Immunovaccine Inc. (TSX:IMV)(OTCQX:IMMVF), a clinical stage immuno-oncology company, today released its financial and operational results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. "Immunovaccine's accomplishments this quarter underscore our clinical strategy, which is to focus on combination immuno-oncology therapies incorporating our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac," said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine's Chief Executive Officer. "Our objective is to confirm preliminary observations that DPX-Survivac may work synergistically to increase the vulnerability of hard-to-treat tumors, improving the anti-cancer responses of today's best monotherapies, including anti-PD-1 agents. From our announcement of the early data in our triple combination immuno-therapy with Incyte, to the planned Phase 2 trial in combination with Merck's leading anti-PD 1 drug, we were pleased to show how our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac, achieved several milestones on the path to addressing an important unmet medical need." Operational Highlights of the First Quarter 2017 Include: Investigator-led Phase 2 trial of ovarian cancer vaccine, DPX-Survivac, to begin – Immunovaccine announced that University Health Network's Princess Margaret Cancer Centre would be initiating a Phase 2 triple combination study evaluating the safety and efficacy of the Company's lead clinical candidate, DPX-Survivac, with Merck's currently marketed anti-PD-1 drug, pembrolizumab, and low-dose cyclophosphamide in advanced ovarian cancer patients. Positive early data from our ongoing Phase 1b study of DPX-Survivac – Immunovaccine announced positive interim clinical data from its Phase 1b triple-combination study of DPX Survivac, in combination with Incyte's epacadostat and low-dose cyclophosphamide, for the treatment of ovarian cancer. The data set has provided an encouraging first clinical demonstration of DPX-Survivac's ability to activate T cells and help improve tumor response rates among cancers previously unresponsive to monotherapies. Pierre Labbé, joins the leadership team as CFO – Immunovaccine appointed financial veteran Pierre Labbé, CPA, CA, ICD, as its new chief financial officer (CFO) supporting the Company's financing and business development operations. Mr. Labbé brings with him more than 25 years' experience, including eight years as CFO at clinical-stage biotechnology company, Medicago. Q1 2017 Financial Results The Company prepares its unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles as set out in the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada – Accounting Part I ("CPA Canada Handbook"), which incorporates International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). The net loss and comprehensive loss of $2,369,000 for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 ("Q1 Fiscal 2017") was $518,000 higher than the net loss and comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016 ("Q1 Fiscal 2016"). This relates mainly to a $63,000 increase in research and development costs, a $60,000 increase in business development and investor relations costs, a $189,000 increase in general and administrative expenditures, a decrease in revenue of $65,000 and a $141,000 increase in accreted interest. At March 31, 2017, Immunovaccine had cash and cash equivalents of $11,774,000 and working capital of $11,870,000 as compared to $13,547,000 in cash and $12,982,000 in working capital at December 31, 2016. As of May 10, 2017, the number of issued and outstanding common shares was 119,863,293. As of May 10, 2017, the number of stock options outstanding was 5,064,947, the number of outstanding deferred share units was 399,842 and the number of outstanding warrants was 7,617,683. Immunovaccine's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for March 31, 2017, filed in accordance with IFRS, and the management discussion and analysis (MD&A), will be available at www.sedar.com. Voting Results of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders of the Company Immunovaccine also announced the voting results of the annual and special meeting (the "Meeting") of shareholders of the Company (the "Shareholders") held today in Halifax, Nova Scotia, each of the 8 nominees listed in the Management Information Circular filed with regulatory authorities were elected as directors of the Corporation. Based on the proxies received and the votes on a show of hands, the following individuals were elected as directors of the Corporation until the next annual shareholders' meeting. Accordingly, the results are set out below: Nominee Votes For % of Votes For Votes Withheld % Votes Withheld Non Vote Wade Dawe 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 James Hall 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Wayne Pisano 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Albert Scardino 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Andrew Sheldon 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Alfred Smithers 49,400,479 99.84% 81,000 0.16% 1,240,770 Shermaine Tilley 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Frederic Ors 49,478,469 99.99% 3,010 0.01% 1,240,770 All other resolutions provided for in the Management Information Circular were duly passed and as such a report on the voting results will be filed today with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities at www.sedar.com. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company's patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. Contact Information MEDIA Mike Beyer, Sam Brown Inc. T: (312) 961-2502 mikebeyer@sambrown.com INVESTOR RELATIONS Pierre Labbe, Chief Financial Officer T: (902) 492-1819 info@imvaccine.com Patti Bank, Managing Director, Westwicke Partners O: (415) 513-1284 T: (415) 515-4572 patti.bank@westwicke.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Immunovaccine Inc. From this industry Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Biotech Drugs See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Market 2017 Supply, Consumption,Demand, Growth, Application, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Cancer Treatment Drugs Market WiseGuyReports.com adds “Cancer Treatment Drugs Market 2017 Global Analysis, Growth, Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database. PUNE, INDIA, May 10, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Cancer Treatment Drugs Market: Executive Summary In this report, the global Cancer Treatment Drugs market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Cancer Treatment Drugs in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/870579-global-cancer-treatment-drugs-market-research-report-2017 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Roche Novartis Celgene Amgen Johnson & Johnson Bristol-Myers Squibb Takeda Eli Lilly Pfizer AstraZeneca Astellas Sanofi Bayer Merck & Co. Biogen Idec Kyowa Hakko Kirin Otsuka Teva Eisai Merck KGaA Ipsen AbbVie Gilead Sciences On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Chemotherapy Targeted Therapy Immunotherapy Hormonal Therapy (Biologic Therapy) Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Cancer Treatment Drugs for each application, including Blood Cancer Breast Cancer Gastrointestinal Cancer Prostate Cancer Respiratory/Lung Cancer Other Cancers Access Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/870579-global-cancer-treatment-drugs-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Research Report 2017 1 Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Cancer Treatment Drugs 1.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Chemotherapy 1.2.4 Targeted Therapy 1.2.5 Immunotherapy 1.2.6 Hormonal Therapy (Biologic Therapy) 1.2.7 Others 1.3 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Segment by Application 1.3.1 Cancer Treatment Drugs Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Blood Cancer 1.3.3 Breast Cancer 1.3.4 Gastrointestinal Cancer 1.3.5 Prostate Cancer 1.3.6 Respiratory/Lung Cancer 1.3.7 Other Cancers 1.4 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Cancer Treatment Drugs (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Cancer Treatment Drugs Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion … 7 Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Roche 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 Roche Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Novartis 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Novartis Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Celgene 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Celgene Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Amgen 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Amgen Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Johnson & Johnson 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Johnson & Johnson Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 Bristol-Myers Squibb 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 Bristol-Myers Squibb Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Takeda 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Takeda Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.8 Eli Lilly 7.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.8.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.8.2.1 Product A 7.8.2.2 Product B 7.8.3 Eli Lilly Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.9 Pfizer 7.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.9.2 Cancer Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.9.2.1 Product A 7.9.2.2 Product B 7.9.3 Pfizer Cancer Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.10 AstraZeneca …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=870579 Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DELAYS, ROAD CLOSURES POSSIBLE DURING LIBERTY UNIVERSITY GRADUATION Next PostNext Mountain Province Diamonds Announces March 31, 2017 Quarter End Results Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Immunovaccine Announces Financial Results for Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Marketwire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 10, 2017 5:05pm   Comments Share: Immunovaccine Announces Financial Results for Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Immunovaccine Announces Financial Results for Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA--(Marketwired - May 10, 2017) - Immunovaccine Inc. (TSX:IMV)(OTCQX:IMMVF), a clinical stage immuno-oncology company, today released its financial and operational results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. "Immunovaccine's accomplishments this quarter underscore our clinical strategy, which is to focus on combination immuno-oncology therapies incorporating our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac," said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine's Chief Executive Officer. "Our objective is to confirm preliminary observations that DPX-Survivac may work synergistically to increase the vulnerability of hard-to-treat tumors, improving the anti-cancer responses of today's best monotherapies, including anti-PD-1 agents. From our announcement of the early data in our triple combination immuno-therapy with Incyte, to the planned Phase 2 trial in combination with Merck's leading anti-PD 1 drug, we were pleased to show how our lead candidate, DPX-Survivac, achieved several milestones on the path to addressing an important unmet medical need." Operational Highlights of the First Quarter 2017 Include: Investigator-led Phase 2 trial of ovarian cancer vaccine, DPX-Survivac, to begin – Immunovaccine announced that University Health Network's Princess Margaret Cancer Centre would be initiating a Phase 2 triple combination study evaluating the safety and efficacy of the Company's lead clinical candidate, DPX-Survivac, with Merck's currently marketed anti-PD-1 drug, pembrolizumab, and low-dose cyclophosphamide in advanced ovarian cancer patients. Positive early data from our ongoing Phase 1b study of DPX-Survivac – Immunovaccine announced positive interim clinical data from its Phase 1b triple-combination study of DPX Survivac, in combination with Incyte's epacadostat and low-dose cyclophosphamide, for the treatment of ovarian cancer. The data set has provided an encouraging first clinical demonstration of DPX-Survivac's ability to activate T cells and help improve tumor response rates among cancers previously unresponsive to monotherapies. Pierre Labbé, joins the leadership team as CFO – Immunovaccine appointed financial veteran Pierre Labbé, CPA, CA, ICD, as its new chief financial officer (CFO) supporting the Company's financing and business development operations. Mr. Labbé brings with him more than 25 years' experience, including eight years as CFO at clinical-stage biotechnology company, Medicago. Q1 2017 Financial Results The Company prepares its unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles as set out in the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada – Accounting Part I ("CPA Canada Handbook"), which incorporates International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). The net loss and comprehensive loss of $2,369,000 for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 ("Q1 Fiscal 2017") was $518,000 higher than the net loss and comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016 ("Q1 Fiscal 2016"). This relates mainly to a $63,000 increase in research and development costs, a $60,000 increase in business development and investor relations costs, a $189,000 increase in general and administrative expenditures, a decrease in revenue of $65,000 and a $141,000 increase in accreted interest. At March 31, 2017, Immunovaccine had cash and cash equivalents of $11,774,000 and working capital of $11,870,000 as compared to $13,547,000 in cash and $12,982,000 in working capital at December 31, 2016. As of May 10, 2017, the number of issued and outstanding common shares was 119,863,293. As of May 10, 2017, the number of stock options outstanding was 5,064,947, the number of outstanding deferred share units was 399,842 and the number of outstanding warrants was 7,617,683. Immunovaccine's unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements for March 31, 2017, filed in accordance with IFRS, and the management discussion and analysis (MD&A), will be available at www.sedar.com. Voting Results of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders of the Company Immunovaccine also announced the voting results of the annual and special meeting (the "Meeting") of shareholders of the Company (the "Shareholders") held today in Halifax, Nova Scotia, each of the 8 nominees listed in the Management Information Circular filed with regulatory authorities were elected as directors of the Corporation. Based on the proxies received and the votes on a show of hands, the following individuals were elected as directors of the Corporation until the next annual shareholders' meeting. Accordingly, the results are set out below: Nominee Votes For % of Votes For Votes Withheld % Votes Withheld Non Vote Wade Dawe 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 James Hall 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Wayne Pisano 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Albert Scardino 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Andrew Sheldon 49,481,479 100% 0 0.00% 1,240,770 Alfred Smithers 49,400,479 99.84% 81,000 0.16% 1,240,770 Shermaine Tilley 49,481,469 100% 10 0.00% 1,240,770 Frederic Ors 49,478,469 99.99% 3,010 0.01% 1,240,770 All other resolutions provided for in the Management Information Circular were duly passed and as such a report on the voting results will be filed today with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities at www.sedar.com. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company's patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. MEDIA Mike Beyer, Sam Brown Inc. T: (312) 961-2502 mikebeyer@sambrown.com INVESTOR RELATIONS Pierre Labbe, Chief Financial Officer T: (902) 492-1819 info@imvaccine.com Patti Bank, Managing Director, Westwicke Partners O: (415) 513-1284 T: (415) 515-4572 patti.bank@westwicke.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 HTZ, FIVN: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 CPLP, ACIA: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 AMD, INTC: Bank Of America Likes Intel, Advanced Micro Devices;... 4 SNAP: Snap Inc Higher Ahead Of Earnings 5 SEE, XRAY: 12 Stocks To Watch For May 9, 2017 6 NVDA: All The Ratings And Price Targets O... 7 SYMC, PCLN: 12 Stocks To Watch For Ma... 1 IBM, CAT: How I learned To Trade Penny Stocks 2 NBR, NUAN: Najarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Nuance Commun... 3 SNAP: Snap Inc Craters 20% After Its First Earnings Report 4 COH, KATE: Coach Toting More Market Share In North America; G... 5 W: Do Wayfair's Fundamentals Still Have Room To Run? 6 QQQ, SPY: Catalyst Funds CEO Talks Alternative Inve... 7 M, JCP: Sears CEO Eddie Lampert Says Using... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Verastem Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results May 10, 2017 04:05 PM Eastern Daylight Time BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Verastem, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSTM), focused on discovering and developing drugs to improve the survival and quality of life of cancer patients, today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017 and provided an overview of certain corporate developments. “Following the presentation of positive data from the DYNAMO™ study of duvelisib in indolent non-Hodgkins Lymphoma (iNHL) at the American Society of Hematology conference in December 2016, we are focused on executing against the important milestones that lie ahead, beginning with reporting top-line duvelisib data from the Phase 3 DUO™ study in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), which is expected mid-year 2017,” said Robert Forrester, President and Chief Executive Officer of Verastem. “We continue to believe duvelisib has significant potential as a convenient, oral monotherapy for patients with relapsed CLL and possibly other lymphomas, where there remains an unmet medical need.” Mr. Forrester continued, “For defactinib, the program continues to advance across three ongoing clinical collaborations evaluating focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibition in combination with immuno-oncology agents.” First Quarter 2017 and Recent Highlights: Duvelisib Long Term Follow Up Data from the DYNAMO Study Selected for Oral Presentation at the 14th International Conference on Malignant Lymphoma (ICML) – In early May, Verastem announced that an abstract highlighting long term follow up data from the ongoing Phase 2 DYNAMO study was selected for oral presentation at ICML 2017 in Lugano, Switzerland. The presentation, titled “DYNAMO: A Phase 2 Study Demonstrating the Clinical Activity of Duvelisib in Patients with Double-Refractory Indolent Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma,” will be presented by Pier Luigi Zinzani, M.D., Ph.D., of the University of Bologna Institute of Hematology, on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at 15:40 CET in Room A, Cinema Corso and Aula Magna (Lugano University). Ongoing Phase 3 DUO Study in Relapsed or Refractory CLL – The efficacy and safety of duvelisib is currently being evaluated in the randomized Phase 3 DUO study in patients with relapsed or refractory CLL. In the DUO study, approximately 300 patients were randomized 1:1 to receive duvelisib (25mg BID) or ofatumumab (8 weekly infusions, starting with an initial intravenous dose of 300mg on day 1 followed by 7 weekly doses of 2,000mg, then 2,000mg monthly for 4 cycles). The trial was fully enrolled in November 2015. The primary endpoint of this study is progression free survival (PFS). Key secondary endpoints include overall response rate (ORR), overall survival, duration of response (DOR) and safety. Verastem expects to report top-line data from the DUO study in mid-year 2017. Published Scientific Research Demonstrating the Potential of Duvelisib in Combination with Venetoclax – A recent publication1 in Leukemia by Patel and colleagues provides scientific rationale for the combination of duvelisib with the BCL2 inhibitor venetoclax for the treatment of CLL. Using samples from duvelisib-treated CLL patients, this group at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center found that duvelisib-treatment increased expression of several pro-apoptotic proteins such that the CLL cells were poised for apoptosis. They went on to show that CLL cells from patients after duvelisib treatment were killed more effectively by venetoclax than CLL cells taken from the same patients before duvelisib treatment. Defactinib (VS-6063) Presented Defactinib Data at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting – In an oral presentation titled, “Reprogramming the tumor microenvironment to improve responses to therapy,” Verastem scientific collaborator David G. DeNardo, Ph.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Division of Oncology, Department of Immunology, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, described data demonstrating that FAK inhibition can enable efficacy of PD-1 inhibition in preclinical models of pancreatic cancer that, like the clinical disease, are otherwise refractory to checkpoint inhibition. Verastem’s FAK inhibitor, defactinib, is currently being evaluated in combination with Merck’s PD-1 inhibitor, pembrolizumab, and gemcitabine in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Initial analysis of immune biomarkers from matched pairs of metastatic biopsies, taken either pre- or post-treatment, from patients with PDAC showed an increase in activated proliferating cytotoxic T-cells together with a reduction in tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs). Dosed the First Patient in Combination Trial of Defactinib and Avelumab in Patients with Ovarian Cancer – As announced in January 2017, the first patient was dosed in a new clinical trial evaluating avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, in combination with defactinib in patients with advanced ovarian cancer. This multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation and dose-expansion Phase 1/2 clinical trial is designed to assess the safety, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and initial observations of clinical activity of the avelumab/defactinib combination in patients with recurrent or refractory stage III-IV ovarian cancer. The study is being conducted in collaboration with the alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which in the U.S. and Canada operates as EMD Serono, and Pfizer, and is expected to enroll approximately 100 patients at up to 15 sites across the U.S. Updated Data from the Window of Opportunity Study in Mesothelioma Selected for Poster Presentation at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2017 Annual Meeting – An abstract highlighting updated data from the ongoing Phase 2 Window of Opportunity study was selected for a poster presentation at ASCO 2017 in Chicago. The presentation, titled “Effect of FAK inhibitor defactinib on tumor immune changes and tumor reductions in a phase II window of opportunity study in malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM),” will be presented by Raphael Bueno, M.D., of the Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School, on Saturday, June 3, 2017 from 8:00-11:30am CT in Hall A at McCormick Place. Corporate and Financial Eric K. Rowinsky Appointed to the Board of Directors – Verastem announced the appointment of Eric K. Rowinsky, M.D., to its Board of Directors. Dr. Rowinsky brings to Verastem nearly 30 years of experience in the development of cancer treatments, such as cetuximab (Erbitux®) when he was Chief Medical Officer of ImClone Systems, as well as Cyramza®, Portrazza®, Taxol®, Taxotere®, Hycamtin®, Tarceva®, Camptosar®, Tykerb®, and cixutumumab, among others. Dr. Rowinsky is a member of the board of directors of Biogen, Navidea, and Fortress Biotech, all public life sciences companies, and has served on the board of directors of BIND Therapeutics, a life-science company acquired by Pfizer. Dr. Rowinsky is replacing Paul A. Friedman, M.D. who is transitioning from his role as Director to become a member of Verastem’s Clinical and Scientific Advisory Board. Hagop Youssoufian, MSc, M.D., Named Head of Hematology and Oncology Development – In January 2017, Dr. Youssoufian assumed this leadership role at Verastem to oversee the clinical and regulatory development of Verastem’s pipeline, including duvelisib, and provide overall strategic and tactical leadership to its hematology-oncology clinical programs. Dr. Youssoufian brings over 25 years of product development and commercialization experience to Verastem, having served as Chief Medical Officer at BIND Therapeutics, Ziopharm Oncology and Imclone Systems, and other senior roles at Progenics, Sanofi Aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb where he was involved in the development of Sprycel®, Taxotere® Erbitux®, Cyramza®, Portrazza® and Lartruvo®. Additional Key Personnel Appointments – Michael Ferraresso joined Verastem as Vice President, Commercial Operations, and Verastem also appointed several highly experienced individuals to its Clinical and Scientific Advisory Board, including Lori Kunkel, M.D., former Chief Medical Officer at Pharmacyclics, Edmund J. Pezalla, M.D., MPH, Former Vice President, Pharmaceutical Policy and Strategy at Aetna, Greg Berk, M.D., former Chief Medical Officer at Verastem, Inc., Cheryl Cohen, former Chief Commercial Officer at Medivation, Inc., and Brian Stuglik, R.Ph, former Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, Oncology Global Marketing at Eli Lilly. Secured $25 Million Loan Facility – In March 2017, Verastem entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Hercules Capital, Inc. for up to $25.0 million in financing. Verastem received the first $2.5 million of financing under the Loan and Security Agreement when the transaction closed. The proceeds will be used for Verastem’s ongoing research and development programs and for general corporate purposes. Additional tranches of up to $22.5 million in aggregate will be available subject to certain conditions, including positive data from the Phase 3 DUO clinical trial evaluating duvelisib in patients with relapsed or refractory CLL. First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2017 (2017 Quarter) was $13.0 million, or $0.35 per share, as compared to a net loss of $8.3 million, or $0.22 per share, for the three months ended March 31, 2016 (2016 Quarter). Net loss includes non-cash stock-based compensation expense of $1.2 million and $1.6 million for the 2017 Quarter and 2016 Quarter, respectively. Research and development expense for the 2017 Quarter was $8.4 million compared to $4.2 million for the 2016 Quarter. The $4.2 million increase from the 2016 Quarter to the 2017 Quarter was primarily related to an increase of $2.8 million in contract research organization expense for outsourced biology, chemistry, development and clinical services, which includes clinical trial costs, an increase in personnel related costs of approximately $965,000, and an increase of approximately $554,000 in consulting fees. These increases were offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation and other expenses of approximately $86,000. General and administrative expense for the 2017 Quarter was $4.8 million compared to $4.3 million for the 2016 Quarter. The increase of approximately $508,000 from the 2016 Quarter to the 2017 Quarter primarily resulted from an increase in consulting and professional fees of approximately $922,000, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of approximately $397,000. As of March 31, 2017, Verastem had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $72.6 million compared to $80.9 million as of December 31, 2016. Verastem used $10.7 million for operating activities during the 2017 Quarter. The number of outstanding common shares as of March 31, 2017, was 36,992,418. Financial Guidance Based on our current operating plans, we expect to have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and investments to fund our research and development programs and operations into 2018. About the Tumor Microenvironment The tumor microenvironment encompasses various cellular populations and extracellular matrices within the tumor or cancer niche that support cancer cell survival. This includes immunosuppressive cell populations such as regulatory T-cells, myeloid-derived suppressor cells, M2 tumor-associated macrophages, as well as tumor-associated fibroblasts and extracellular matrix proteins, which can hamper the entry and therapeutic benefit of cytotoxic immune cells and anti-cancer drugs. In addition to targeting the proliferative and survival signaling of cancer cells, Verastem’s product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib, also target the tumor microenvironment as a mechanism of action to potentially improve a patient’s response to therapy. About Duvelisib Duvelisib is an investigational, dual inhibitor of phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)-delta and PI3K-gamma, two enzymes that are known to help support the growth and survival of malignant B-cells and T-cells. PI3K signaling may lead to the proliferation of malignant B-cells and is thought to play a role in the formation and maintenance of the supportive tumor microenvironment.2,3,4 Duvelisib is currently being evaluated in late- and mid-stage clinical trials, including DUO™, a randomized, Phase 3 monotherapy study in patients with relapsed or refractory CLL5, and DYNAMO™, a single-arm, Phase 2 monotherapy study in patients with refractory iNHL that achieved its primary endpoint of ORR upon top-line analysis of efficacy data6. Duvelisib is also being evaluated for the treatment of hematologic malignancies through investigator-sponsored studies, including T-cell lymphoma.7 Information about duvelisib clinical trials can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Defactinib Defactinib is an investigational inhibitor of FAK, a non-receptor tyrosine kinase encoded by the PTK-2 gene that mediates oncogenic signaling in response to cellular adhesion and growth factors.8 Based on the multi-faceted roles of FAK, defactinib is used to treat cancer through modulation of the tumor microenvironment, enhancement of anti-tumor immunity, and reduction of cancer stem cells.9,10 Defactinib is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types including pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. These studies are combination clinical trials with pembrolizumab and avelumab from Merck & Co. and Pfizer/Merck KGaA, respectively.11,12,13 Information about these and additional clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of defactinib can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Verastem, Inc. Verastem, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSTM) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing drugs to improve outcomes for patients with cancer. Verastem is currently developing duvelisib, a dual inhibitor of PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma, which has successfully met its primary endpoint in a Phase 2 study in iNHL and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with CLL. In addition, Verastem is developing the FAK inhibitor defactinib, which is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types, including pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. Verastem’s product candidates seek to treat cancer by modulating the local tumor microenvironment, enhancing anti-tumor immunity and reducing cancer stem cells. For more information, please visit www.verastem.com. Verastem, Inc. forward-looking statements notice: This press release includes forward-looking statements about Verastem's strategy, future plans and prospects, including statements regarding the development and activity of Verastem's investigational product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib (VS-6063), and Verastem's PI3K and FAK programs generally, the structure of our planned and pending clinical trials and the timeline and indications for clinical development, including reporting top-line data, and regulatory submissions, our rights to develop or commercialize our product candidates and our ability to finance contemplated development activities and fund operations for a specified period. The words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "target," "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statement. Applicable risks and uncertainties include the risks that the preclinical testing of Verastem's product candidates and preliminary or interim data from clinical trials may not be predictive of the results or success of ongoing or later clinical trials; that data may not be available when expected, including for the Phase 3 DUO™ study; that enrollment of clinical trials may take longer than expected; that our product candidates will cause unexpected safety events or result in an unmanageable safety profile as compared to their level of efficacy; that duvelisib will be ineffective at treating patients with lymphoid malignancies; that Verastem will be unable to successfully initiate or complete the clinical development of its product candidates; that the development of Verastem's product candidates will take longer or cost more than planned; that Verastem may not have sufficient cash to fund its contemplated operations; that Verastem or Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Infinity) will fail to fully perform under the duvelisib license agreement; that Verastem may be unable to make additional draws under its debt facility or obtain adequate financing in the future through product licensing, co-promotional arrangements, public or private equity, debt financing or otherwise; that Verastem will not pursue or submit regulatory filings for its product candidates, including for duvelisib in patients with CLL or iNHL; and that Verastem's product candidates will not receive regulatory approval, become commercially successful products, or result in new treatment options being offered to patients. Other risks and uncertainties include those identified under the heading "Risk Factors" in Verastem's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in any subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect Verastem's views as of the date of this release, and Verastem does not undertake and specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. References 1 Patel V.M., et al. Duvelisib treatment is associated with altered expression of apoptotic regulators that helps in sensitization of chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells to venetoclax (ABT-199). Leukemia. 2017 Feb 3. doi: 10.1038/leu.2016.382. 2 Winkler D.G., Faia K.L., DiNitto J.P. et al. PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma inhibition by IPI-145 abrogates immune responses and suppresses activity in autoimmune and inflammatory disease models. Chem Biol 2013; 20:1-11. 3 Reif K et al. Cutting Edge: Differential Roles for Phosphoinositide 3 kinases, p110-gamma and p110-delta, in lymphocyte chemotaxis and homing. J Immunol 2004:173:2236-2240. 4 Schmid M et al. Receptor Tyrosine Kinases and TLR/IL1Rs Unexpectedly activate myeloid cell PI3K, a single convergent point promoting tumor inflammation and progression. Cancer Cell 2011;19:715-727. 5 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02004522 6 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01882803 7 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02783625, NCT02783625, NCT02158091 8 Schaller M.D. and Parsons J.T. Focal adhesion kinase: an integrin-linked protein tyrosine kinase. Trends Cell Biol. 1993 3: 258-62. 9 Jiang H et al. Targeting focal adhesion kinase renders pancreatic cancers responsive to checkpoint immunotherapy. Nat Med 2016: Aug 22(8) 851-60. 10 Sulzmaier F.J. et al. FAK in cancer: mechanistic findings and clinical applications. Nature Rev Cancer. 2014 14: 598-610. 11 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02546531 12 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02943317 13 www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02758587             Verastem, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands)   March 31, December 31, 2017 2016 Cash, cash equivalents and investments $ 72,571 $ 80,897 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,434 398 Property and equipment, net 1,271 1,417 Other assets           973   917 Total assets $         76,249 $ 83,629   Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 13,233 $ 10,991 Long-term debt 2,249 — Other liabilities 295 341 Stockholders’ equity           60,472   72,297 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $         76,249 $ 83,629       Verastem, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share amounts)   Three months ended March 31, 2017 2016 Operating expenses: Research and development $ 8,385 $ 4,179 General and administrative   4,763     4,255   Total operating expenses   13,148     8,434   Loss from operations (13,148 ) (8,434 ) Interest income 155 140 Interest expense   (12 )   —   Net loss $ (13,005 ) $ (8,294 ) Net loss per share—basic and diluted $ (0.35 ) $ (0.22 ) Weighted-average number of common shares used in net loss per share-basic and diluted   36,992     36,975     Contacts Verastem, Inc. Brian Sullivan, 781-292-4214 bsullivan@verastem.com Contacts Verastem, Inc. Brian Sullivan, 781-292-4214 bsullivan@verastem.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Adrenocortical Carcinoma Therapeutics Review Report, H1: Overview, in progress trials, End Point Status, Profile Snapshots 2017 Therapeutic report, “Adrenocortical Carcinoma (Adrenal Cortex Cancer) Global Clinical Trials Review, H1, 2017” has a summary of Adrenocortical Carcinoma Therapeutics scenario. Adrenocortical Carcinoma market report provides top line data relating to the Therapeutics on Adrenocortical Carcinoma. Report includes a summary of trial numbers and their average enrollment in top countries conducted throughout the globe. Adrenocortical Carcinoma Therapeutics Review Report are generated using database – Pharma e-Track Therapeutics database. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Adrenocortical Carcinoma Report@ https://www.absolutereports.com/10731609 Adrenocortical Carcinoma Therapeutics are collated from 80+ different Therapeutic registries, conferences, journals, news etc throughout the globe. Therapeutics database undergoes periodic update by dynamic process. The Adrenocortical Carcinoma Therapeutics Review Report enhances your decision-making capabilities and helps to generate a powerful counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Adrenocortical Carcinoma report provides Clinical Trials by Region. The report offers Clinical Trials and Average Enrolment by Country. Top Companies covered in Adrenocortical Carcinoma Report: Pfizer Inc, Novartis AG, Astellas Pharma Inc, Merck & Co Inc. Adrenocortical Carcinoma report covers following Regions: Asia-Pacific, Europe, North America and Middle East and Africa. For more information about Adrenocortical Carcinoma Report ask for PDF sample @ https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10731609 Adrenocortical Carcinoma Report provides top level data related to the clinical trials by Region, Country (G7 & E7), Trial Status, Trial Phase, Sponsor Type and End point status. Adrenocortical Carcinoma Review Report Assists in defining key business techniques as to venture, Helps in recognizing noticeable areas for directing clinical trials which spares time and cost, Provides best level investigation of Global Clinical Trials Market which helps in distinguishing key business openings, Supports comprehension of trials tally and enlistment inclines by nation in worldwide therapeutics showcase, Aids in translating the achievement rates of clinical trials by giving a near situation of finished and uncompleted (ended, suspended or pulled back) trials, Facilitates clinical trial appraisal of the sign on a worldwide, local and nation level. Scope of Adrenocortical Carcinoma Review Report: The Adrenocortical Carcinoma report gives a depiction of the worldwide clinical trials scene, Adrenocortical Carcinoma report surveys beat organizations included and enrolls all trials (Trial title, Phase, and Status) relating to the organization, Adrenocortical Carcinoma report gives all the unaccomplished trials (Terminated, Suspended and Withdrawn) with explanation behind un-achievement, Adrenocortical Carcinoma Report gives enlistment patterns to the previous five years, Adrenocortical Carcinoma Trial Review Report gives most recent news to the previous three months. Any Query on above? Ask to our Expert @ https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10731609 The Adrenocortical Carcinoma Therapeutic report likewise offers scope of disease clinical trials by area, nation (G7 and E7), stage, trial status, end focuses status and support sort. Report additionally gives prominent drugs for in-advance trials (in view of amount of continuous trials). CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAdrenocortical Carcinoma, Adrenocortical Carcinoma Therapeutics Review Report, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global PVDC Industry Report: Overview, Trends, Key Companies Profile and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Now Watch Any Movie Online Released since 1969 with a Single Click Search Recent Posts Global Handheld Imagers Market will reach USD 3.30 Billion by 2022: Zion Market Research Digital Commerce Application Market to Rise at 15.8% CAGR by 2026 SKY Perfect JSAT and LeoSat Sign Strategic Partnership & Investment Agreement MedlinePlus: Dormir bien Home Audio Equipment Market to expand $23.97bn by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
News & Perspective Drugs & Diseases CME & Education Academy Specialty: Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Business of Medicine Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Diabetes & Endocrinology Emergency Medicine Family Medicine Gastroenterology General Surgery Hematology - Oncology HIV/AIDS Infectious Diseases Internal Medicine Multispecialty Nephrology Neurology Ob/Gyn & Women's Health Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pathology & Lab Medicine Pediatrics Plastic Surgery Psychiatry Public Health Pulmonary Medicine Radiology Rheumatology Transplantation Urology Medical Students Nurses Pharmacists Residents Today on Medscape Edition: ENGLISH DEUTSCH ESPAÑOL FRANÇAIS PORTUGUÊS Log In Sign Up It's Free! Edition: ENGLISH DEUTSCH ESPAÑOL FRANÇAIS PORTUGUÊS Register Log In No Results No Results News & Perspective Drugs & Diseases CME & Education Academy Not a member? Sign Up Log In Email or Username Password Show Hide   Remember me Forgot username? Forgot password? Having trouble logging in? Not a Medscape member? Sign up for a free account Get unlimited access on Medscape. Only members can: Get breaking medical news and clinical perspectives across 30+ specialties Access free mobile and online drug and disease references Complete free continuing medical education and professional development courses   This website uses cookies to deliver its services as described in our Cookie Policy. By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies. close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Aurora Kinase Inhibitors Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2023 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/10/2017 — The Aurora kinases are enzymes which are crucial for cell proliferation. These enzymes are responsible for dividing genetic material of the parent cell during the process of mitosis by controlling chromatid segregation. The defect related to this process is largely associated with cancer genesis in human body. In this way active involvement of aurora kinase enzymes in initiating cancer genesis has lead considerable attention of therapists to their inhibition in the work towards cancer treatment. There are three kind of aurora kinase found in human body namely A, B and C. Aurora C is mainly restricted to the process of spermatogenesis while remaining two are responsible various tumerogenesis. Though these are not restricted to particular cancer type but there are some examples of cancer in which over expression of specific aurora kinases has been observed. Amplified aurora A in lung, pancreatic, colon, cervical, prostrate, ovarian, brain and breast whereas aurora B in breast, colon, thyroid, oral and non small cell lung. Browse through Aurora Kinase Inhibitors Market report to know what factors will shape the market by 2023: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/aurora-kinase-inhibitors-market.html Cancer is considered to the major causative factor for mortality worldwide with increasing incidence and prevalence day by day. All regions of the world have seen continuous rise in number of cancer patients in past decade. WHO predicted that annual cancer cases will reach to 19.3 million by 2025 from the 14.1 million annually in year 2012, whereas annual cases in 2008 were 12.7 million of which 1.7 million were women newly diagnosed with breast cancer that accounted for 20% in 2008. WHO mentions that cancer kills 8.2 millions globally out of which 522,000 woman from breast cancer. It is mentionable that incidence rate is still higher in developed region whereas death rates are higher in less developed countries. In all the cancer types, number of patients suffering with head and neck, gastrointestinal, breast and uterine cancer are highest. Aurora family Kinase Assay/Inhibitor screening kits are designed to estimate the inhibitory effect of individual Aurora activity in the test chemical accurately. Merck Millipore, MBL International, Perkin Elmer, SignalChem are some of the leading companies which manufacture screening kits. Geographically North American region accounts for the largest market share in this market which is followed by developing Asia Pacific market and European market. The market for Aurora Kinase inhibitor is driven by continuous increasing number of cancer cases and improving healthcare standard outside the developed world and advancements in early diagnosis of cancer. However there are restrictions such as high cost involved in drug development, lower spending capacity of poorer countries and need of real time clinical data. There are different kind of biological therapies in oncology such as Tyrosine kinase inhibitor (includes erlotinib, imatinib, gefitinib, dasatinib, sunitinib, ruxolitinib, etc.), monoclonal antibodies (includes trastuzumab, bevacizumab and cetuximab, etc.) whereas some are in development stage such as Aurora Kinase Inhibitor (Hesperadine, VX-680). Currently there is no molecule is approved in this market however there are almost 30 molecules of Aurora Kinase inhibitor class in development stage at different levels. With increase in cancer patients the market for Aurora Kinase Inhibitor market is set to increase. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Aurora Kinase Inhibitors Market by 2023: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4679 Some of the major players in Aurora Kinase Inhibitor development market are Merck, Pfizer, Amgen, Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Bristol Myers Squibb. Along with these, there are companies such as Roche, Novartis, Eli Lilly, AstraZeneca, Celgene, Sanofi and GlaxoSmithKline have made their mark in oncology. About TMR Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adrenal Insufficiency Therapeutics Review Report, H1: Therapeutics and Average Enrollment by Country, Sponsor Type, Research Methodology 2017 Next PostNext Amitraz (CAS 33089-61-1) Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - Cancer Biomarkers Market to Reach US$27.63 Billion by 2025: Rising Government Initiatives for Breakthrough in Cancer Research Enabling Growth, Says TMR 10 maggio 2017 Cancer Biomarkers Market to Reach US$27.63 Billion by 2025: Rising Government Initiatives for Breakthrough in Cancer Research Enabling Growth, Says TMR PR Newswire ALBANY, New York, May 10, 2017 Several players operate in the global Cancer Biomarkers Market, catering to niche segment. The global biomarkers market offers a favorable environment for competitors as there are several unique customer segments within the industry, exhibiting demand for distinct product type. However, as market players target multiple pathways, in the near future the market could witness increased competition. Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co., Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., and bioMérieux SA are among the leading market players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new study. Considering the dynamic business environment, a majority of the market players are focusing on achieving greater market share via product differentiation. The research and development spending is thus significantly high in the market. Besides this, several companies are aiming at expanding their footprint through acquisitions and disinvestments. As the companies continue spending on product development and technological advancements, consequently the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater opportunities for growth. According to TMR, the global cancer biomarkers market, which stood at US$10.25 bn in 2016, is expected to reach US$27.63 bn by the end of 2027. If these figures hold true, the global cancer biomarkers market will exhibit a CAGR of 11.8% between 2017 and 2025. By disease indication, the demand for cancer biomarkers was the highest for the treatment of lung cancer, which is likely to hold nearly 25.8% of the market by the end of 2017. Regionally, North America held the dominant share of 42.5% of the global market in 2016. Rising Funding for Cancer Research to Boost Growth Opportunities  The market is majorly gaining from the rising discretionary funding for cancer research. Governments across most developed countries are engaged in raising funds for cancer research to aid in diagnosis and research. They are also funding clinical trials for breakthroughs in cancer treatment. As their initiatives gain pace, the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater growth opportunities. Also steps taken by the government to spread cancer awareness will help the market gain momentum. In lines with the same, the demand for cancer biomarkers will therefore rise in response to the rising incidence of cancer worldwide.   To gain a stronger foothold, the leading market players are forging strategic collaborations. They are also keen on acquiring established regional players to expand their geographic footprint. Such strategies adopted by companies will have a positive influence on the market. Besides these, growing acceptance of patients towards innovative technologies and tests and novel product launches will enable the market exhibit strong growth during the forecast period. Inquire for a Sample Copy of Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=479 Lack of Awareness to Act as Major Restraint to Growth  On the downside, the unwillingness of healthy population to participate in clinical research is acting against the market’s growth prospects. While overall, the incidence of cancer cases is surging around the world, but not many of them have access to proper treatment. This is partly due to the lack of participation in clinical trials and unavailability of patient surveillance systems. Given the scenario, low awareness and ambiguity regarding blood tests such as tumor biomarkers are inhibiting the cancer biomarker market’s trajectory. Also the high attrition rate in product development cycle is restricting the market’s growth to an extent. Nevertheless, with the advent of minimal-invasive diagnostic tests for cancer diagnosis will support the market’s growth in the near future. Minimally invasive diagnosis will provide simple and comparatively less expensive method of detecting cancer. These innovations will bring in fresh opportunities for the market players to capitalize on. Also the market will witness considerable growth opportunities as governments across emerging nations boost their healthcare spending and take steps to deliver healthcare services at par with the international standards. This review is based on a TMR report, titled “Cancer Biomarkers Market (Test Type – PSA Tests, CTC Tests, AFP Tests, CA Tests, HER2 Tests, BRCA Tests, ALK Tests, CEA Tests, EGFR Mutation Tests, and KRAS Mutation Tests; Disease Indication – Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Melanoma, Blood Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Stomach Cancer, and Liver Cancer) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 – 2025.“ The report segments the global Cancer Biomarkers Market as:  Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Test Type  PSA Tests CTC Tests AFP Tests CA Tests HER2 Tests BRCA Tests ALK Tests CEA Tests EGFR Mutation Tests KRAS Mutation Tests Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Disease Indication  Breast Cancer Lung Cancer Colorectal Cancer Melanoma Blood Cancer Prostate Cancer Ovarian Cancer Stomach Cancer Liver Cancer Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Spain Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Australia & New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa GCC countries South Africa Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Report:  Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/biomarkers-market.html Central Nervous System (CNS) Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cns-biomarkers-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Research and Markets – Global Cell Isolation/Cell Separation Market Value of USD 7.89 Billion by 2021 – Trends, Technologies & Opportunities Report 2016-2021 – Vendors: Thermo Fisher Scientific, Terumo Bct, Merck Lab on Chips Market to Reach US$8.7 Billion by 2024: High Acceptance of Microfluidic Products in Healthcare Sector to Fuel Growth Opportunities, Says TMR Global Multiplexed Diagnostics Market to Reach US$26.36 Billion by 2024: Bolstered Funding for Genomics to Bode Well for Growth, predicts TMR 2016 Stem Cell Research Report – Products, Opportunities, Tools, & Technologies: Dominant Market Players Utilised Acquisition Strategies to Grow and Capture Market Share – Research and Markets Nel mensile di maggio Farmaci omeopatici: chi ha paura dell’Aic? Italiani ancora poco farmacovigila(n)ti Farmaci veterinari verso l’addio alla carta: arriva la tracciabilità digitale Dati in sanità, la sicurezza si trova su una “nuvola” Industria 4.0, il medtech non coglie l’opportunità: “bisogna sbrigarsi” Cala la reputazione di Big Pharma, ma si può migliorare In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Medidata to Present at Norway’s Life Science Cluster... Innovative Solutions Drive Double-digit Growth Opportunities in... Global Cardiac Monitoring & Cardiac Rhythm Management Devices... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Corruzione, in manette medici e imprenditori farmaceutici in tutta Italia Arresti Parma: Farmindustria potrebbe rivalersi sulle imprese coinvolte Farmaci innovativi, a Malta firmato accordo per la creazione di un comitato tecnico di 6 Paesi HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Myocardial Infarction Therapeutics Global Market, By Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Myocardial Infarction Therapeutics Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 10, 2017 ) Growing research application, rising demand in increasing incidence of coronary artery disease and changes in lifestyle are some of the key factors driving the market growth. Increasing number of smokers, increasing incidence of obesity and blood pressures, lack of exercise are some of the factors favouring the market growth. However, saturation in R&D would be the major restraint hampering the market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/myocardial-infarction-therapeutics-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Analgesics and antiplatelet agents segments are expected to hold more share in this market as these agents are used for initial treatment of an acute myocardial infarction. North America is the fastest growing market in global myocardial infarction therapeutic market due to rise in aging population and prevalence of co-morbidities. Some of the key players in the market include Anthera Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca, Apotex Inc., Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Capricor Inc., Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Johnson & Johnson, Merck and Co. Inc., Mylan N.V., Novartis N.V., Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., Pfizer Inc., Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc., Sandoz, Sanofi and The Medicines Company. Products Covered: - Analgesics - Antiplatelet agents - Vasodilators - Thrombolytics and anti-thrombotic agents - Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors - Î adrenergic blockers - Angiotensin receptor antagonists - Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors - Antithrombotic agents Distribution Channel Covered: - Hospitals - Hospital Pharmacies - Drug Stores - Online drug stores Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216391/sample Regions Covered: - North America - US - Canada - Mexico - Europe - Germany - France - Italy - UK - Spain - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Australia - New Zealand - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Middle East - Brazil - Argentina - South Africa - Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 9.1 Anthera Pharmaceuticals 9.2 AstraZeneca, Apotex Inc. 9.3 Bayer AG 9.4 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 9.5 Bristol-Myers Squibb Company 9.6 Capricor Inc. 9.7 Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited 9.8 GlaxoSmithKline Plc 9.9 Johnson & Johnson 9.10 Merck and Co. Inc. 9.11 Mylan N.V. 9.12 Novartis N.V. 9.13 Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. 9.14 Pfizer Inc. 9.15 Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc. 9.16 Sandoz 9.17 Sanofi 9.18 The Medicines Company Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001216391/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Cancer Biomarkers Market to Reach US$27.63 Billion by 2025: Rising Government Initiatives for Breakthrough in Cancer Research Enabling Growth, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 10 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Several players operate in the global Cancer Biomarkers Market, catering to niche segment. The global biomarkers market offers a favorable environment for competitors as there are several unique customer segments within the industry, exhibiting demand for distinct product type. However, as market players target multiple pathways, in the near future the market could witness increased competition. Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co., Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., and bioMérieux SA are among the leading market players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new study. Considering the dynamic business environment, a majority of the market players are focusing on achieving greater market share via product differentiation. The research and development spending is thus significantly high in the market. Besides this, several companies are aiming at expanding their footprint through acquisitions and disinvestments. As the companies continue spending on product development and technological advancements, consequently the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater opportunities for growth. According to TMR, the global cancer biomarkers market, which stood at US$10.25 bn in 2016, is expected to reach US$27.63 bn by the end of 2027. If these figures hold true, the global cancer biomarkers market will exhibit a CAGR of 11.8% between 2017 and 2025. By disease indication, the demand for cancer biomarkers was the highest for the treatment of lung cancer, which is likely to hold nearly 25.8% of the market by the end of 2017. Regionally, North America held the dominant share of 42.5% of the global market in 2016. Rising Funding for Cancer Research to Boost Growth Opportunities  The market is majorly gaining from the rising discretionary funding for cancer research. Governments across most developed countries are engaged in raising funds for cancer research to aid in diagnosis and research. They are also funding clinical trials for breakthroughs in cancer treatment. As their initiatives gain pace, the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater growth opportunities. Also steps taken by the government to spread cancer awareness will help the market gain momentum. In lines with the same, the demand for cancer biomarkers will therefore rise in response to the rising incidence of cancer worldwide.   To gain a stronger foothold, the leading market players are forging strategic collaborations. They are also keen on acquiring established regional players to expand their geographic footprint. Such strategies adopted by companies will have a positive influence on the market. Besides these, growing acceptance of patients towards innovative technologies and tests and novel product launches will enable the market exhibit strong growth during the forecast period. Inquire for a Sample Copy of Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=479 Lack of Awareness to Act as Major Restraint to Growth  On the downside, the unwillingness of healthy population to participate in clinical research is acting against the market's growth prospects. While overall, the incidence of cancer cases is surging around the world, but not many of them have access to proper treatment. This is partly due to the lack of participation in clinical trials and unavailability of patient surveillance systems. Given the scenario, low awareness and ambiguity regarding blood tests such as tumor biomarkers are inhibiting the cancer biomarker market's trajectory. Also the high attrition rate in product development cycle is restricting the market's growth to an extent. Nevertheless, with the advent of minimal-invasive diagnostic tests for cancer diagnosis will support the market's growth in the near future. Minimally invasive diagnosis will provide simple and comparatively less expensive method of detecting cancer. These innovations will bring in fresh opportunities for the market players to capitalize on. Also the market will witness considerable growth opportunities as governments across emerging nations boost their healthcare spending and take steps to deliver healthcare services at par with the international standards. This review is based on a TMR report, titled "Cancer Biomarkers Market (Test Type - PSA Tests, CTC Tests, AFP Tests, CA Tests, HER2 Tests, BRCA Tests, ALK Tests, CEA Tests, EGFR Mutation Tests, and KRAS Mutation Tests; Disease Indication - Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Melanoma, Blood Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Stomach Cancer, and Liver Cancer) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 - 2025." The report segments the global Cancer Biomarkers Market as:  Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Test Type  PSA Tests CTC Tests AFP Tests CA Tests HER2 Tests BRCA Tests ALK Tests CEA Tests EGFR Mutation Tests KRAS Mutation Tests Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Disease Indication  Breast Cancer Lung Cancer Colorectal Cancer Melanoma Blood Cancer Prostate Cancer Ovarian Cancer Stomach Cancer Liver Cancer Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Spain Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Australia & New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa GCC countries South Africa Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Report:  Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/biomarkers-market.html Central Nervous System (CNS) Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cns-biomarkers-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research 10 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Worldwide System on Chip (SoC) Market: Strong Demand Across Smart Consumer Electronics to Remain Key to Growth, says TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 10 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Worldwide System on Chip (SoC) Market: Strong Demand Across Smart... 10 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Mushroom Market - Global Industry Analysis Report 2024: TMR Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Cancer Biomarkers Market to Reach US$27.63 Billion by 2025: Rising Government Initiatives for Breakthrough in Cancer Research Enabling Growth, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 10 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials Watch Science Connect Events Laboratory Design Conference RD 100 Conference Search Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Guides Companies Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels R&D LDN SC Advertisement Advertisement Industry News Sanofi Sets Pledge for Limiting Drug Price Hikes Wed, 05/10/2017 - 10:34am Comments by Ryan Bushey - Digital Editor - @R_Bushey Sanofi is joining the growing group of pharmaceutical companies issuing transparency pledges with their drug pricing policies. The company’s CEO Olivier Brandicourt wrote an op-ed on Tuesday explaining it was committed to limited price increases in the U.S. as part of an effort to maintain trust with all of Sanofi’s stakeholders. “We want everyone – including patients, providers, payers, PBMs, policy makers, regulators and our shareholders – to understand why we set prices as we do, and to reaffirm to them our commitment to the principles of access, affordability and innovation,” elaborated Brandicourt. In 2016, the average aggregate list price increase relative to the prior year was 4 percent whereas the average aggregate net price decreased by 2.1 percent. The French pharmaceutical giant then pledged to limit price increases in 2017 for any given product in their portfolio to 5.4 percent although promising to publicly provide information demonstrating the rationale for potential upticks that go past this metric. Furthermore, Brandicourt noted his firm is committed to releasing annual reports on aggregate price increases in the future. Sanofi’s efforts are similar to the programs launched by Merck and Johnson & Johnson (J&J) earlier this year. Merck’s report offered details on the average price increases for drugs and vaccines in its portfolio between 2010 and 2016. It indicated the average list price change started at 7.4 percent hitting a high of 10.5 percent in 2014.   J&J’s transparency report contained similar information showing upticks that occurred between 2012 and 2016. Net price upticks were at 4.3 percent in 2012 reaching a high of 5.2 percent three years later. Releasing these reports is part of a strategy the industry is using to contend with the increased criticism of drug pricing from politicians and consumers. This backlash has made companies like Sanofi establish somewhat reasonable prices. Its recently approved blockbuster eczema drug had its annual wholesale acquisition cost set at $37,000, reported BioPharma Dive. Related Reads J&J to Reveal Average Drug Price Increases Philippines Pharma Market Set to Hit $4.1B by 2020 Merck Posts Report Revealing Average Price Hikes for Drugs in U.S. New Deals for Drugs: No Heart Attacks or Your Money Back Ryan Bushey Digital Editor @R_Bushey Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Drug Discovery & Development Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cancer Biomarkers Market to Reach US$27.63 Billion by 2025: Rising Government Initiatives for Breakthrough in Cancer Research Enabling Growth, Says TMR ALBANY, New York, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Several players operate in the global Cancer Biomarkers Market, catering to niche segment. The global biomarkers market offers a favorable environment for competitors as there are several unique customer segments within the industry, exhibiting demand for distinct product type. However, as market players target multiple pathways, in the near future the market could witness increased competition. Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co., Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., and bioMérieux SA are among the leading market players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new study. Considering the dynamic business environment, a majority of the market players are focusing on achieving greater market share via product differentiation. The research and development spending is thus significantly high in the market. Besides this, several companies are aiming at expanding their footprint through acquisitions and disinvestments. As the companies continue spending on product development and technological advancements, consequently the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater opportunities for growth. According to TMR, the global cancer biomarkers market, which stood at US$10.25 bn in 2016, is expected to reach US$27.63 bn by the end of 2027. If these figures hold true, the global cancer biomarkers market will exhibit a CAGR of 11.8% between 2017 and 2025. By disease indication, the demand for cancer biomarkers was the highest for the treatment of lung cancer, which is likely to hold nearly 25.8% of the market by the end of 2017. Regionally, North America held the dominant share of 42.5% of the global market in 2016. Rising Funding for Cancer Research to Boost Growth Opportunities  The market is majorly gaining from the rising discretionary funding for cancer research. Governments across most developed countries are engaged in raising funds for cancer research to aid in diagnosis and research. They are also funding clinical trials for breakthroughs in cancer treatment. As their initiatives gain pace, the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater growth opportunities. Also steps taken by the government to spread cancer awareness will help the market gain momentum. In lines with the same, the demand for cancer biomarkers will therefore rise in response to the rising incidence of cancer worldwide.   To gain a stronger foothold, the leading market players are forging strategic collaborations. They are also keen on acquiring established regional players to expand their geographic footprint. Such strategies adopted by companies will have a positive influence on the market. Besides these, growing acceptance of patients towards innovative technologies and tests and novel product launches will enable the market exhibit strong growth during the forecast period. Inquire for a Sample Copy of Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=479 Lack of Awareness to Act as Major Restraint to Growth  On the downside, the unwillingness of healthy population to participate in clinical research is acting against the market’s growth prospects. While overall, the incidence of cancer cases is surging around the world, but not many of them have access to proper treatment. This is partly due to the lack of participation in clinical trials and unavailability of patient surveillance systems. Given the scenario, low awareness and ambiguity regarding blood tests such as tumor biomarkers are inhibiting the cancer biomarker market’s trajectory. Also the high attrition rate in product development cycle is restricting the market’s growth to an extent. Nevertheless, with the advent of minimal-invasive diagnostic tests for cancer diagnosis will support the market’s growth in the near future. Minimally invasive diagnosis will provide simple and comparatively less expensive method of detecting cancer. These innovations will bring in fresh opportunities for the market players to capitalize on. Also the market will witness considerable growth opportunities as governments across emerging nations boost their healthcare spending and take steps to deliver healthcare services at par with the international standards. This review is based on a TMR report, titled „Cancer Biomarkers Market (Test Type – PSA Tests, CTC Tests, AFP Tests, CA Tests, HER2 Tests, BRCA Tests, ALK Tests, CEA Tests, EGFR Mutation Tests, and KRAS Mutation Tests; Disease Indication – Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Melanoma, Blood Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Stomach Cancer, and Liver Cancer) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 – 2025.„ The report segments the global Cancer Biomarkers Market as:  Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Test Type  PSA Tests CTC Tests AFP Tests CA Tests HER2 Tests BRCA Tests ALK Tests CEA Tests EGFR Mutation Tests KRAS Mutation Tests Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Disease Indication  Breast Cancer Lung Cancer Colorectal Cancer Melanoma Blood Cancer Prostate Cancer Ovarian Cancer Stomach Cancer Liver Cancer Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Spain Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Australia & New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa GCC countries South Africa Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Report:  Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/biomarkers-market.html Central Nervous System (CNS) Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cns-biomarkers-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Fig Ingredient Market Research, Growth, Share, Size and Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext AT&T Invests Nearly $1.2 Billion Over 3-Year Period to Enhance Local Networks in Tennessee Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cancer Biomarkers Market to Reach US$27.63 Billion by 2025: Rising Government Initiatives for Breakthrough in Cancer Research Enabling Growth, Says TMR ALBANY, New York, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Several players operate in the global Cancer Biomarkers Market, catering to niche segment. The global biomarkers market offers a favorable environment for competitors as there are several unique customer segments within the industry, exhibiting demand for distinct product type. However, as market players target multiple pathways, in the near future the market could witness increased competition. Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co., Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., and bioMérieux SA are among the leading market players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new study. Considering the dynamic business environment, a majority of the market players are focusing on achieving greater market share via product differentiation. The research and development spending is thus significantly high in the market. Besides this, several companies are aiming at expanding their footprint through acquisitions and disinvestments. As the companies continue spending on product development and technological advancements, consequently the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater opportunities for growth. According to TMR, the global cancer biomarkers market, which stood at US$10.25 bn in 2016, is expected to reach US$27.63 bn by the end of 2027. If these figures hold true, the global cancer biomarkers market will exhibit a CAGR of 11.8% between 2017 and 2025. By disease indication, the demand for cancer biomarkers was the highest for the treatment of lung cancer, which is likely to hold nearly 25.8% of the market by the end of 2017. Regionally, North America held the dominant share of 42.5% of the global market in 2016. Rising Funding for Cancer Research to Boost Growth Opportunities  The market is majorly gaining from the rising discretionary funding for cancer research. Governments across most developed countries are engaged in raising funds for cancer research to aid in diagnosis and research. They are also funding clinical trials for breakthroughs in cancer treatment. As their initiatives gain pace, the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater growth opportunities. Also steps taken by the government to spread cancer awareness will help the market gain momentum. In lines with the same, the demand for cancer biomarkers will therefore rise in response to the rising incidence of cancer worldwide.   To gain a stronger foothold, the leading market players are forging strategic collaborations. They are also keen on acquiring established regional players to expand their geographic footprint. Such strategies adopted by companies will have a positive influence on the market. Besides these, growing acceptance of patients towards innovative technologies and tests and novel product launches will enable the market exhibit strong growth during the forecast period. Inquire for a Sample Copy of Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=479 Lack of Awareness to Act as Major Restraint to Growth  On the downside, the unwillingness of healthy population to participate in clinical research is acting against the market's growth prospects. While overall, the incidence of cancer cases is surging around the world, but not many of them have access to proper treatment. This is partly due to the lack of participation in clinical trials and unavailability of patient surveillance systems. Given the scenario, low awareness and ambiguity regarding blood tests such as tumor biomarkers are inhibiting the cancer biomarker market's trajectory. Also the high attrition rate in product development cycle is restricting the market's growth to an extent. Nevertheless, with the advent of minimal-invasive diagnostic tests for cancer diagnosis will support the market's growth in the near future. Minimally invasive diagnosis will provide simple and comparatively less expensive method of detecting cancer. These innovations will bring in fresh opportunities for the market players to capitalize on. Also the market will witness considerable growth opportunities as governments across emerging nations boost their healthcare spending and take steps to deliver healthcare services at par with the international standards. This review is based on a TMR report, titled "Cancer Biomarkers Market (Test Type - PSA Tests, CTC Tests, AFP Tests, CA Tests, HER2 Tests, BRCA Tests, ALK Tests, CEA Tests, EGFR Mutation Tests, and KRAS Mutation Tests; Disease Indication - Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Melanoma, Blood Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Stomach Cancer, and Liver Cancer) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 - 2025." The report segments the global Cancer Biomarkers Market as:  Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Test Type  PSA Tests CTC Tests AFP Tests CA Tests HER2 Tests BRCA Tests ALK Tests CEA Tests EGFR Mutation Tests KRAS Mutation Tests Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Disease Indication  Breast Cancer Lung Cancer Colorectal Cancer Melanoma Blood Cancer Prostate Cancer Ovarian Cancer Stomach Cancer Liver Cancer Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Spain Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Australia & New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa GCC countries South Africa Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Report:  Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/biomarkers-market.html Central Nervous System (CNS) Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cns-biomarkers-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Medical Equipment, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automotive Turbochargers Market Research Report, 2016 to 2024 – GMR Next PostNext Automodular Corporation: First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Cancer Biomarkers Market to Reach US$27.63 Billion by 2025: Rising Government Initiatives for Breakthrough in Cancer Research Enabling Growth, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 10 May, 2017, 15:00 BST Share this article ALBANY, New York, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Several players operate in the global Cancer Biomarkers Market, catering to niche segment. The global biomarkers market offers a favorable environment for competitors as there are several unique customer segments within the industry, exhibiting demand for distinct product type. However, as market players target multiple pathways, in the near future the market could witness increased competition. Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co., Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., and bioMérieux SA are among the leading market players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new study. Considering the dynamic business environment, a majority of the market players are focusing on achieving greater market share via product differentiation. The research and development spending is thus significantly high in the market. Besides this, several companies are aiming at expanding their footprint through acquisitions and disinvestments. As the companies continue spending on product development and technological advancements, consequently the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater opportunities for growth. According to TMR, the global cancer biomarkers market, which stood at US$10.25 bn in 2016, is expected to reach US$27.63 bn by the end of 2027. If these figures hold true, the global cancer biomarkers market will exhibit a CAGR of 11.8% between 2017 and 2025. By disease indication, the demand for cancer biomarkers was the highest for the treatment of lung cancer, which is likely to hold nearly 25.8% of the market by the end of 2017. Regionally, North America held the dominant share of 42.5% of the global market in 2016. Rising Funding for Cancer Research to Boost Growth Opportunities  The market is majorly gaining from the rising discretionary funding for cancer research. Governments across most developed countries are engaged in raising funds for cancer research to aid in diagnosis and research. They are also funding clinical trials for breakthroughs in cancer treatment. As their initiatives gain pace, the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater growth opportunities. Also steps taken by the government to spread cancer awareness will help the market gain momentum. In lines with the same, the demand for cancer biomarkers will therefore rise in response to the rising incidence of cancer worldwide.   To gain a stronger foothold, the leading market players are forging strategic collaborations. They are also keen on acquiring established regional players to expand their geographic footprint. Such strategies adopted by companies will have a positive influence on the market. Besides these, growing acceptance of patients towards innovative technologies and tests and novel product launches will enable the market exhibit strong growth during the forecast period. Inquire for a Sample Copy of Report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=479 Lack of Awareness to Act as Major Restraint to Growth  On the downside, the unwillingness of healthy population to participate in clinical research is acting against the market's growth prospects. While overall, the incidence of cancer cases is surging around the world, but not many of them have access to proper treatment. This is partly due to the lack of participation in clinical trials and unavailability of patient surveillance systems. Given the scenario, low awareness and ambiguity regarding blood tests such as tumor biomarkers are inhibiting the cancer biomarker market's trajectory. Also the high attrition rate in product development cycle is restricting the market's growth to an extent. Nevertheless, with the advent of minimal-invasive diagnostic tests for cancer diagnosis will support the market's growth in the near future. Minimally invasive diagnosis will provide simple and comparatively less expensive method of detecting cancer. These innovations will bring in fresh opportunities for the market players to capitalize on. Also the market will witness considerable growth opportunities as governments across emerging nations boost their healthcare spending and take steps to deliver healthcare services at par with the international standards. This review is based on a TMR report, titled "Cancer Biomarkers Market (Test Type - PSA Tests, CTC Tests, AFP Tests, CA Tests, HER2 Tests, BRCA Tests, ALK Tests, CEA Tests, EGFR Mutation Tests, and KRAS Mutation Tests; Disease Indication - Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Melanoma, Blood Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Stomach Cancer, and Liver Cancer) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 - 2025." The report segments the global Cancer Biomarkers Market as:  Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Test Type  PSA Tests CTC Tests AFP Tests CA Tests HER2 Tests BRCA Tests ALK Tests CEA Tests EGFR Mutation Tests KRAS Mutation Tests Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Disease Indication  Breast Cancer Lung Cancer Colorectal Cancer Melanoma Blood Cancer Prostate Cancer Ovarian Cancer Stomach Cancer Liver Cancer Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Geography  North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Spain Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Australia & New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa GCC countries South Africa Rest of MEA Browse Related Research Report:  Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/biomarkers-market.html Central Nervous System (CNS) Biomarkers Market  http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cns-biomarkers-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S. based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact Us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Blog: http://www.tmrblog.com/ SOURCE Transparency Market Research 10 May, 2017, 14:00 BST Preview: Worldwide System on Chip (SoC) Market: Strong Demand Across Smart Consumer Electronics to Remain Key to Growth, says TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 10 May, 2017, 14:00 BSTWorldwide System on Chip (SoC) Market: Strong Demand Across Smart... 10 May, 2017, 13:00 BSTMushroom Market - Global Industry Analysis Report 2024: TMR Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Cancer Biomarkers Market to Reach US$27.63 Billion by 2025: Rising Government Initiatives for Breakthrough in Cancer Research Enabling Growth, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 10 May, 2017, 15:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Animal Parasiticides Market 2017: Overview, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Opportunities to 2021 The Global Animal Parasiticides Market to GROW at a CAGR of 5.87% during the period 2017-2021. Animal Parasiticides Market Report focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. These research report also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. The Animal Parasiticides market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of Animal Parasiticides Industry. Complete Report of Animal Parasiticides Market Reserach available at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-animal-parasiticides-market-2017-2021-10690425 Veterinary parasiticides or antiparasitics are products that kill parasites that infest livestock, pets, and other animals. The global animal parasiticides market is expected to grow at a moderate pace driven by the rise in demand for animal proteins and the increased focus on food safety. The increase in animal population will also help boost market growth. Bayer HealthCare, Elanco, Merial, Merck Animal Health, and Zoetis are the major vendors in the market. These vendors offer a wide portfolio of products in various segments such as animal diagnostics, animal vaccines, animal pharmaceuticals, and animal feed additives. The Animal Parasiticides Market research report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global Animal Parasiticides industry for 2016-2020. The Animal Parasiticides report enlists several important factors, starting from the basics to advanced market intelligence which play a crucial part in strategizing. Get a PDF Sample of Animal Parasiticides Market Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10690425 Key Vendors of Animal Parasiticides Market: Bayer HealthCare Elanco Merck Animal Health Merial Zoetis Other Prominent Vendors Animal Medics Biogénesis Bagó Bio-Vet Boehringer Ingelheim Ceva Santé Animale Dechra Pharmaceuticals ECO Animal Health And many more… With a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market, this report investigates new project feasibility. Various details about the manufacturing process such as market drivers, impact of drivers, market challenges and impact of drivers and challenges, market trends, vendor landscape analysis and so on, is discussed in the report. The Animal Parasiticides market report also presents the vendor landscape and a corresponding detailed analysis of the major vendors operating in the market. Animal Parasiticides market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, and market demand and supply scenarios. Regions of Animal Parasiticides market: Americas APAC EMEA Single User Licence: $3500 Purchase a copy of Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10690425 In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Animal Parasiticides Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2016-2020 global Animal Parasiticides industry covering all important parameters. Animal Parasiticides Market Driver Rise in incidences of zoonotic diseases. For a full, detailed list, view our report Animal Parasiticides Market Challenge Lengthy regulatory approval process. For a full, detailed list, view our report Animal Parasiticides Market Trends Vertical integration in livestock industry. For a full, detailed list, view our report Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10690425 The report then estimates 2016-2020 market development trends of Animal Parasiticides market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. Key questions answered in Animal Parasiticides Market Report: What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Animal Parasiticides market before evaluating its feasibility. List of Exhibits in Animal Parasiticides Market Report: Exhibit 01: Parameters for FDA approval Exhibit 02: Overview of global animal parasiticides market Exhibit 03: Factors influencing global animal parasiticides market 2016 Exhibit 04: Global animal parasiticides market snapshot: Developed and emerging markets 2016 Exhibit 05: Global animal parasiticides market 2017-2021($ millions) Exhibit 06: Five forces analysis Exhibit 07: Global animal parasiticides market segments by type of animals Exhibit 08: Global animal parasiticides market by product category 2016 Exhibit 09: Global ectoparasiticides market 2016-2021 ($ millions) Exhibit 10: Global endoparasiticides market 2016-2021 ($ millions) And continued…. Get Discount on Animal Parasiticides Market Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10690425     Contact: Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email: sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAnimal Parasiticides Industry Trends, Animal Parasiticides Market, Animal Parasiticides Market Analysis, Animal Parasiticides Market Forecast, Animal Parasiticides Market Growth, Animal Parasiticides Market Overview, Animal Parasiticides Market Share, Animal Parasiticides Market Size, Animal Parasiticides Trends, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FINE Cabinetry Kitchen and Bath Co. Remodeling Specialists Save Customers Bathroom Space Next PostNext Sonasoft Corp. (SSFT: OTC Pink Limited) | Sonasoft Closes First Email Archiving Sale through Ingram Micro Reseller Program Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   Latin America Companion Animal Health Care Market worth USD 2.06 Billion by 2021 Latin America Companion Animal Health Care Market by Product type  (Feed Additives, Pharmaceuticals, and Vaccines) and by Region - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts (20162021)   Browse And Choose From Our World Class Research Reports (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 10, 2017 ) According to the report Latin America Companion Animal Health Care Market, published by Market Data Forecast, the market is projected to reach USD 2.06 Billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 6.12 % from 2016 to 2021. For full report refer to http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-companion-animal-health-care-market-1253/ Companion animals are the domesticated animals whose emotional, physical, behavioural and social needs can be readily escorted or in close daily relationship with humans. These animals man are very friendly and guard their houses or offices. Different types of diseases in animals and their transfer to humans via their product consumption and companionship are intensifying the market. Free sample for the report is available at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-companion-animal-health-care-market-1253/request-sample The Growing incidence of zoonotic and food borne diseases will be a potential concern to the health of pet animals. The major factors driving the growth of the market are inclining pet/companion ownership, developing health care concerns of pets, rising demand for improved nutrition. The factors that are hampering the development of the market are restrictions by regulatory bodies have a negative impact on the sales of antibiotics, soaring costs and inclining regulations on animal testing have delayed a number of healthcare companies from manufacturing newly advanced drugs. Avail discount at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-companion-animal-health-care-market-1253/request-discount Market Segmentation: Based on Product type:  Feed Additives  Nutritional feed additives  Medicinal feed additives  Pharmaceuticals Based on Country  Brazil  Mexico  Rest of Latin America Enquire more about the report at http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-companion-animal-health-care-market-1253/inquire Some of the major companies dominating the market Pfizer Animal health Ltd, Merck & Co Inc., Sanofi Aventis Animal Health, Zoetis Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Elanco Products Company, Bayer AG, Novartis animal Health Inc., Virbac SA, Ceva Sante Animale, Vetoquinol SA. Buy now https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/latin-america-companion-animal-health-care-market-1253 Scope of the Companion Animal Health Care Market Study:  Regional and country-level analysis and forecasts of the study market; providing Insights on the major countries/regions in which this industry is blooming and to also identify the regions that are still untapped  Segment-level analysis in terms of technology, component, and type along with market size forecasts and estimations to detect key areas of industry growth in detail  Identification of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics  Study of the effect of exogenous and endogenous factors that affect the global market; which includes broadly demographic, economics, and political, among other macro-environmental factors presented in an extensive PESTLE Analysis  Study the micro environment factors that determine the overall profitability of an Industry, using Porters five forces analysis for analysing the level of competition and business strategy development  A comprehensive list of key market players along with their product portfolio, current strategic interests, key financial information, legal issues, SWOT analysis and analyst overview to study and sustain the market environment  Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies  An executive summary, abridging the entire report in such a way that decision-making personnel can rapidly become acquainted with background information, concise analysis and main conclusions  Expertly devised analyst overview along with Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Check out other related studies in the Animal Health Segment: Veterinary Vaccines Market <||>rnhttp://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-veterinary-vaccines-market-83/ Veterinary Diagnostics Market: <||>rnhttp://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-veterinary-diagnostics-market-89/ Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market <||>rnhttp://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/latin-america-bovine-respiratory-disease-treatment-market-912/ About Us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our analyst team comprises expert professionals in market research, who with their collective knowledge and skillset dedicatedly serve clients from various industries and regions. Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Cholesterol Medicines Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 – Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Qyresearchreports include new market research report „Global Cholesterol Medicines Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022” to its huge collection of research reports. The Cholesterol Medicines, is being discussed in this report, from the point of view of all its current trends and factors of influence. It is necessary to comprehend this data to generate a highly sound solution for your business strategies. These trends are based on the movements within the market’s socioeconomic, geographical, economic, political, consumer, and cultural aspects. The report gauges their overall effect for a client or consumer and enlists the various preferences that will have a major say in what the shape of this market is likely to be in the years to come. To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=102083… The report – similar to all reports that are added to this repository – is a holistic snapshot of the Cholesterol Medicines and descriptive view market. It elaborates on the dynamics of the market, and extrapolates the statistics relevant to the scope of growth in its key segments and regions, as well as other parameters that have been so far effective during its expansion in terms of value addition and calculation of size. This study is therefore a quantitative and qualitative one, focused on providing a clear vision of all conceivable situations in the Cholesterol Medicines for the given forecast period. The Cholesterol Medicines is also presented in such a way as to create a 360 degree perspective of the competitive landscape that currently exists, and is likely to exist within the given forecast period. It presents a comparative analysis of the leaders as well as the regions they operate in, thereby giving readers a better awareness of the segments where they can appoint their existing resources and judge the priority of a particular region or segment to shuttle their standing upwards in the overall market. Table of Contents Global Cholesterol Medicines Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Cholesterol Medicines 1.1 Cholesterol Medicines Market Overview 1.1.1 Cholesterol Medicines Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Cholesterol Medicines Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Cholesterol Medicines Market by Type 1.3.1 HMG-CoA Reductase Inhibitors (Also Called Statins) 1.3.2 Bile Acid Sequestrants 1.3.3 Fibrates 1.3.4 Niacins 1.3.5 Cholesterol Absorption Inhibitors 1.3.6 Omega-3 Fatty Acids 1.3.7 Combination Medicines 1.3.8 Other 1.4 Cholesterol Medicines Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Hospitals 1.4.2 Clinics 1.4.3 Other 2 Global Cholesterol Medicines Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Cholesterol Medicines Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Abbott Laboratories 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Merck & Co 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Bristol-Myers Squibb Company 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Pfizer Inc 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 AstraZeneca 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Amgen Inc 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Novartis AG 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 GlaxoSmithKline 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 Eli Lilly and Company 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 Regeneron Pharmaceuticals 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Cholesterol Medicines Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.10.5 Recent Developments Browse Complete Report with TOC @ www.qyresearchreports.com/report/global-cholesterol-medic… 4 Global Cholesterol Medicines Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Cholesterol Medicines Market Size by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Cholesterol Medicines Market Size by Application (2012-2017) 4.3 Potential Application of Cholesterol Medicines in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Cholesterol Medicines 5 United States Cholesterol Medicines Development Status and Outlook 5.1 United States Cholesterol Medicines Market Size (2012-2017) 5.2 United States Cholesterol Medicines Market Size and Market Share by Players (2016 and 2017) 6 EU Cholesterol Medicines Development Status and Outlook 6.1 EU Cholesterol Medicines Market Size (2012-2017) 6.2 EU Cholesterol Medicines Market Size and Market Share by Players (2016 and 2017) 7 Japan Cholesterol Medicines Development Status and Outlook 7.1 Japan Cholesterol Medicines Market Size (2012-2017) 7.2 Japan Cholesterol Medicines Market Size and Market Share by Players (2016 and 2017) 8 China Cholesterol Medicines Development Status and Outlook 8.1 China Cholesterol Medicines Market Size (2012-2017) 8.2 China Cholesterol Medicines Market Size and Market Share by Players (2016 and 2017) About Us QYReseachReports.com delivers the latest strategic market intelligence to build a successful business footprint in China. Our syndicated and customized research reports provide companies with vital background information of the market and in-depth analysis on the Chinese trade and investment framework, which directly affects their business operations. Reports from QYReseachReports.com feature valuable recommendations on how to navigate in the extremely unpredictable yet highly attractive Chinese market. Contact Us 1820 Avenue M Suite #1047 Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Web: www.qyresearchreports.com Email: sales@qyresearchreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsscience education Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Polyester Resins Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Solvent Market Most Important Solvent Market, trends, Recent Developments and Market Landscape 2021 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by James Lamb Pneumonia Diagnostic Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the global Pneumonia Diagnostic market is accounted for $xx million in 2016 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2016 to 2022. Factors such as developing innovative technologies and products, increasing patient awareness and improving productivity of diagnosing pneumonia are boosting the market growth. Advent of new drugs and advance treatment facilitates are going to provide new market opportunities to emerge. However, there is no particular treatment available to detect the pneumonia as its symptoms coincide with diseases like bronchitis, common cold and asthma which are restraining the market growth. Chest X-ray and CT scan are generally recommended for the diagnosis of pneumonia diagnostics. North America is the largest market due to increasing resistance to multi drugs by microorganisms and increasing geriatric population. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing market owing to prevalence of disease in several countries including India, Japan and Bangladesh. Additionally, high awareness and disposable income are potential growth factors. Some of the key players in global Pneumonia Diagnostic market are Abbott, Affymetrix, Beckman Coulter Inc, Becton Dickinson, BioMerieux, Bio-Rad, Cepheid, Diamedix, Elitech Group, Qiagen, Siemens, Thermo Fisher Scientific, GlaxoSmithCline and Merck & Co. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pneumonia-diagnostic-market Treatments Covered: • Vaccines o PCV13 o PPV23 • Antibiotics o Amoxicillin o Cephalosporin o Penicillin o Tetracycline o Vancomycin o Fluoroquinolones Tests Covered: • Blood Test • Bronchoscopy • Chest X ray • Chest Computed Tomography (CT) Scan • Pulse Oximetry • Pleural Fluid Culture • Sputum Test End Users Covered: • Clinics • Diagnostic Centres • Hospitals • Commercial/Private Labs • Other End Users Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pneumonia-diagnostic-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Spinal Cord Stimulation System Market Outlook Supply, Growth Rate By Application (2017-2022) And Manufacturers Profiles Next PostNext iFusion Analytics et Interoute signent un partenariat pour des analyses Big Data à la source Search Recent Posts 2017 to 2022 EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Cocktail Table Market Research Analysis Report Colorado legislature comes through for students with last-minute deal to increase school funding Innovative Solutions Drive Double-digit Growth Opportunities in Asia-Pacific Molecular Diagnostics Market Arts Roundup: Music of Today, Native Art Market, Emel Mathlouthi, Photomedia Grad Exhibition, and Cherdonna Shinatra UPDATE — Momenta Pharmaceuticals to Webcast Presentation at Two Upcoming Investor Conferences RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by James Lamb Orphan Drug Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Orphan Drug market is estimated at $145.89 million in 2016 and is expected to reach $265.63 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 10.5% from 2016 to 2022. Rising focus of big pharmaceutical companies on orphan drug improvement, increasing occurrence of rare diseases, government incentives for orphan medicine are some factors favouring the market growth. However, some factors such as high initial investment that leads to higher per patient treatment cost, reimbursement uncertainties and high cost of drug development are hindering the market. North America registered significant growth for the market during the forecast period due to rising healthcare spending, constructive government initiatives, growing occurrence of chronic diseases and small timeline required for orphan drug development. Some of the key players in the market include Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie Inc., Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Amgen, Inc., Bayer Healthcare, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol Myers Squibb, Celgene Corporation, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Genentech, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding AG, Sanofi Aventis and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market Drug Types Covered: • Biological orphan drugs • Non-biological orphan drugs Applications Covered: • Blood-related disorders • Nephrology • Neurology • Oncology • Infectious diseases • Cystic fibrosis • Other Applications Technologies Covered: • DNA recombination • Hybridoma and gene mapping • Transgenic • Other Technologies Pharmacological classes Covered: • Enzyme replacement • Gene and chromosome expression • Protein replacement Indications Covered: • Acute Myeloid Leukemia • Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy • Glioma • Graft vs Host Disease • Multiple Myeloma • Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma • Ovarian Cancer • Pancreatic Cancer • Renal Cell Carcinoma • Other Indications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Industry, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Showa Denko (SDK) Announces 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Next PostNext Golf des Forges acheté par La Grande Maison Younan Collection Posted on 10 May 2017 by James Lamb Orphan Drug Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Orphan Drug market is estimated at $145.89 million in 2016 and is expected to reach $265.63 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 10.5% from 2016 to 2022. Rising focus of big pharmaceutical companies on orphan drug improvement, increasing occurrence of rare diseases, government incentives for orphan medicine are some factors favouring the market growth. However, some factors such as high initial investment that leads to higher per patient treatment cost, reimbursement uncertainties and high cost of drug development are hindering the market. North America registered significant growth for the market during the forecast period due to rising healthcare spending, constructive government initiatives, growing occurrence of chronic diseases and small timeline required for orphan drug development. Some of the key players in the market include Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie Inc., Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Amgen, Inc., Bayer Healthcare, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol Myers Squibb, Celgene Corporation, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Genentech, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding AG, Sanofi Aventis and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market Drug Types Covered: • Biological orphan drugs • Non-biological orphan drugs Applications Covered: • Blood-related disorders • Nephrology • Neurology • Oncology • Infectious diseases • Cystic fibrosis • Other Applications Technologies Covered: • DNA recombination • Hybridoma and gene mapping • Transgenic • Other Technologies Pharmacological classes Covered: • Enzyme replacement • Gene and chromosome expression • Protein replacement Indications Covered: • Acute Myeloid Leukemia • Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy • Glioma • Graft vs Host Disease • Multiple Myeloma • Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma • Ovarian Cancer • Pancreatic Cancer • Renal Cell Carcinoma • Other Indications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Industry, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Showa Denko (SDK) Announces 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Next PostNext Golf des Forges acheté par La Grande Maison Younan Collection Posted on 10 May 2017 by James Lamb Orphan Drug Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Orphan Drug market is estimated at $145.89 million in 2016 and is expected to reach $265.63 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 10.5% from 2016 to 2022. Rising focus of big pharmaceutical companies on orphan drug improvement, increasing occurrence of rare diseases, government incentives for orphan medicine are some factors favouring the market growth. However, some factors such as high initial investment that leads to higher per patient treatment cost, reimbursement uncertainties and high cost of drug development are hindering the market. North America registered significant growth for the market during the forecast period due to rising healthcare spending, constructive government initiatives, growing occurrence of chronic diseases and small timeline required for orphan drug development. Some of the key players in the market include Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie Inc., Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Amgen, Inc., Bayer Healthcare, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol Myers Squibb, Celgene Corporation, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Genentech, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding AG, Sanofi Aventis and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market Drug Types Covered: • Biological orphan drugs • Non-biological orphan drugs Applications Covered: • Blood-related disorders • Nephrology • Neurology • Oncology • Infectious diseases • Cystic fibrosis • Other Applications Technologies Covered: • DNA recombination • Hybridoma and gene mapping • Transgenic • Other Technologies Pharmacological classes Covered: • Enzyme replacement • Gene and chromosome expression • Protein replacement Indications Covered: • Acute Myeloid Leukemia • Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy • Glioma • Graft vs Host Disease • Multiple Myeloma • Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma • Ovarian Cancer • Pancreatic Cancer • Renal Cell Carcinoma • Other Indications Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/orphan-drug-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Industry, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Showa Denko (SDK) Announces 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Next PostNext Golf des Forges acheté par La Grande Maison Younan Collection Search Recent Posts Inspur InCloud OS 5.0 „F.A.S.T” Release at the 2017 OpenStack Summit, Boston Continuous Manufacturing Industry 2017-2022 Manufacturers (Bosch Packaging Technology, Scott Equipment Company,) | Orbis Research Cabbage Red Market advancing the growth Worldwide: Market dynamics, trends, efficiencies Forecast 2021 2017 to 2022 Global and Chinese VGA Radiator Market Research Analysis Report Etrion to Present First Quarter 2017 Results on May 15, 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Targovax recruits first patient into first ONCOS-102 /Checkpoint inhibitor melanoma study Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 10, 2017 2:07am   Comments Share: Proof of concept study of sequential ONCOS-102 then pembrolizumab treatment in patients with advanced melanoma refractory to check-point inhibitors Oslo 10 May 2017: Targovax ASA ("Targovax" or "the Company"; OSE: TRVX), a clinical stage company focused on developing immuno-oncology therapies to target solid tumors, announces that the first patient has been recruited in the Company's ONCOS-102 study in advanced or unresectable melanoma patients who have had progression following checkpoint inhibitor. The study is conducted at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. Anne-Kirsti Aksnes, VP Clinical Development at Targovax said; "This study will allow us to assess in more detail the immune activating properties of ONCOS-102 already observed in earlier studies. The study also addresses a major medical need, as the majority of patients with advanced melanoma do not respond clinically to checkpoint inhibitors. Moreover, we are delighted to do this collaboration with one of the top cancer research centres in the world." ONCOS C824 is an open label, Phase Ib combination study in 12 patients with advanced melanoma, whose disease has progressed despite prior treatment with pembrolizumab (Keytruda®, Merck &Co) or nivolumab (Opdivo®, Bristol Myers Squibb) and who will be sequentially administered ONCOS-102 followed by pembrolizumab. The primary objective of the study is to assess safety and immune activation at lesions and in peripheral blood. The secondary objective is to assess clinical response rate. ONCOS-102, Targovax's lead drug candidate, is an engineered oncolytic adenovirus expressing granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF). For further information, please contact: Renate Birkeli, IR Phone: +47 922 61 624  Email: renate.birkeli@targovax.com Media and IR enquires: Jan Petter Stiff - Crux Advisers (Norway) Phone: +47 995 13 891 Email: stiff@crux.no Julia Phillips/Simon Conway - FTI Consulting (International) Phone: +44 20 3727 1000 Email: Targovax@FTIconsulting.com About Targovax Arming the patient's immune system to fight cancer Targovax is a clinical stage company focused on developing and commercializing novel immuno-oncology therapies to target, primarily, treatment-resistant solid tumors. Immuno-oncology is currently one of the fastest growing therapeutic fields in medicine. The Company's development pipeline is based on two novel proprietary platforms: The first platform, ONCOS, uses oncolytic viruses, an emerging class of biological therapy. ONCOS exclusively uses an adenovirus that has been engineered to be an immune activator that selectively target cancer cells. In phase I it has shown to immune activate at lesional level which was associated with clinical benefit. We expect proof of concept data for this platform in 2017 from a clinical trial of lead product ONCOS-102 in patients with refractory malignant melanoma. The second platform, TG peptides (TG), solely targets tumors that express mutated forms of the RAS protein. Mutations to this protein are common in many cancers and are known to drive aggressive disease progression and treatment resistance. There is a high unmet medical need for therapies that are effective against tumors that express these mutations. The TG platform's therapeutic potential stems from its ability to enable a patient's immune system to identify and then destroy tumors bearing any RAS mutations. In early 2017, key proof of concept data for the TG platform from a clinical trial of TG01 in resected pancreatic cancer patients showed encouraging overall survival and will give guidance for the future clinical development of this platform. Targovax's development pipeline has three novel therapeutic candidates in clinical development covering six indications. Both platforms are protected by an extensive portfolio of IP and know-how and have the potential to yield multiple product candidates in a cost-effective manner. Additionally, we have other products in early stages of development. In July 2016, the Company listed its shares on Oslo Axess. In March 2017, the shares were upgraded to Oslo Børs, the main Oslo Stock Exchange. This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 VRX, ODP: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 CPLP, ZAYO: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 AMD, INTC: Bank Of America Likes Intel, Advanced Micro Devices;... 4 SNAP: Snap Inc Higher Ahead Of Earnings 5 GOOGL, NVDA: Bull & Bear Takeaways From Nvidia&... 6 NVDA: All The Ratings And Price Targets... 7 XRAY, MAR: 12 Stocks To Watch For Ma... 1 PVG, RES: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 10 2 IBM, CAT: How I learned To Trade Penny Stocks 3 NBR, NUAN: Najarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Nuanc... 4 SNAP: Snap Inc Craters 20% After Its First Earnings Report 5 KATE, COH: Coach Toting More Market Share In North Am... 6 W: Do Wayfair's Fundamentals Still Have... 7 SPY, QQQ: Catalyst Funds CEO Talks Alternat... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Cancer Immunotherapy Market Analysis, Growth, Trends, Customers Demand and Competitive Landscape Outlook to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Cancer Immunotherapy market is estimated at $54.35 billion in 2015 and is expected treach $147.25 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 15.3% from 2015 t2022. Rapid increase in cases of cancer across the globe, smoking and excessive consumption of alcohol which causes cancer are some of the factors fueling the market growth. High cost for the treatment is hampering the market growth. On the other hand rise in clinical trials against different cancers in immunotherapy is the opportunity for the market growth. Monoclonal Antibodies accounted for the largest share in product type segment and expected tbe fastest growing during forecast period. North America captured largest share owing thigh mortality rate among cancer patients and government initiative programs tcreate awareness among the people. Asia Pacific region is expected tbe fastest growing during forecast period. Some of the key players in the market include GlaxoSmithKline, Eli Lilly and Company, F. Hoffmann-LA Roche Ltd, Amgen Inc., Ablynx NV, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Janssen Global Services, LLC (Johnson and Johnson), Astrazeneca, Biovest International Inc, Bayer AG, Oxford BioTherapeutics Ltd., Pfizer, Genentech Inc, Merck, Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc and Novartis Browse a Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/cancer-immunotherapy-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Technologies Covered: DNA & Protein Microarrays High Throughput Screening Genomics Biochips Proteomic Technologies Microfluidics Metabolomics Pharmacogenomics Gel Electrophoresis Bioanalytical Instruments Chromatography Bioinformatics QPCR Combinatorial Chemistry Mass Spectrometry Nanotechnology RNAi Nucleic Acid Isolation Protein Epigenetics Cell Based Assays Laboratory Information Management Systems Applications Covered: Parkinson’s disease Cancer Central Nervous System Disorders Cardiovascular Diseases Other Applications End Users Covered: Biopharmaceutical Companies Research Institutes Biotech Companies Pharmaceutical Companies Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184981 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184981                  About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsCancer Immunotherapy Market, Cancer Immunotherapy Market Share, Cancer Immunotherapy Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blood Flow Measurement Devices Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Cloud SCM Market share, applications, segmentations & Forecast by 2024 Search Recent Posts Research of Baby Food Market in Sweden Industry : Share, Trends and Application 2017 Life Insurance in the US : Market Demands, Insights, Research and Forecast 2017 Air Heater Market 2017-2022 Opportunities, Challenges, Strategies and Forecasts Seattle Art Museum to exhibit work by UW art professor Denzil Hurley Power Electronics Market share, Applications, Segmentations & Forecast by 2024 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Drug Discovery Technologies Market Analysis and Forecast 2022 by Type, Equipment, Technology, Application and Region According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Drug Discovery Technologies market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to reach $XX million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of XX% from 2015 to 2022. Rise in new diseases and growing demand for therapeutics in various diseases are the factors driving the market growth. Stringent regulations and high initial cost associated with drug discovery are the factors hampering the market. Discovering drugs for diseases like Parkinson disease, cancer, nervous disorders is the opportunity for the market growth. Some of the key players in the market include Bayer Healthcare AG, Roche Holding AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Illumina Inc., Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Beckman Coulter Inc., Aviva Biosciences Corp., Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Novartis AG, Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., Evotec AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Viva Biotech Ltd, Sri Biosciences, GE Healthcare Ltd., Qiagen N.V. and Quantum Pharmaceuticals. Browse a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/drug-discovery-technologies-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Equipments Covered: Linear Accelerators Treatment Planning Systems Radiation Therapy Simulators Technologies Covered: Internal radiation therapy High Dose Rate Radiotherapy Low-Dose Rate Radiotherapy Systemic radiation therapy External Beam Radiation Therapy Stereotactic body radiation therapy Intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT) 3D-Conformal Radiotherapy (3D-CRT) Tomotherapy Volumetric Modulated ARC Therapy Image-guided radiation therapy (IGRT) Proton Beam therapy Stereotactic radiosurgery Product Types Covered: Electron Beams Non-Ionizing Radiation Photon Radiations Ionizing Radiation Alpha and Beta Particles Particle Radiation Neutron Beams Gamma Rays X-rays Proton Beams Carbon Ions Applications Covered: Head and Neck Cancer Breast Cancer Prostate Cancer Colorectal Cancer Spine Cancer Cervical Cancer Penile Cancer Gynaecological Cancer Skin & Lip Cancer Lung Cancer Other Applications Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184989 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184989 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsDrug Discovery Technologies Market, Drug Discovery Technologies Market Share, Drug Discovery Technologies Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sales Market Analysis: Global Vertical Farming, Plant Factory Market 2017 Industry Research Report Next PostNext Data Science Platform Industry Business Development Analysis and Future Challenges by 2024 Posted on 10 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Drug Discovery Technologies Market Analysis and Forecast 2022 by Type, Equipment, Technology, Application and Region According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Drug Discovery Technologies market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to reach $XX million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of XX% from 2015 to 2022. Rise in new diseases and growing demand for therapeutics in various diseases are the factors driving the market growth. Stringent regulations and high initial cost associated with drug discovery are the factors hampering the market. Discovering drugs for diseases like Parkinson disease, cancer, nervous disorders is the opportunity for the market growth. Some of the key players in the market include Bayer Healthcare AG, Roche Holding AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Illumina Inc., Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Beckman Coulter Inc., Aviva Biosciences Corp., Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Novartis AG, Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., Evotec AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Viva Biotech Ltd, Sri Biosciences, GE Healthcare Ltd., Qiagen N.V. and Quantum Pharmaceuticals. Browse a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/drug-discovery-technologies-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Equipments Covered: Linear Accelerators Treatment Planning Systems Radiation Therapy Simulators Technologies Covered: Internal radiation therapy High Dose Rate Radiotherapy Low-Dose Rate Radiotherapy Systemic radiation therapy External Beam Radiation Therapy Stereotactic body radiation therapy Intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT) 3D-Conformal Radiotherapy (3D-CRT) Tomotherapy Volumetric Modulated ARC Therapy Image-guided radiation therapy (IGRT) Proton Beam therapy Stereotactic radiosurgery Product Types Covered: Electron Beams Non-Ionizing Radiation Photon Radiations Ionizing Radiation Alpha and Beta Particles Particle Radiation Neutron Beams Gamma Rays X-rays Proton Beams Carbon Ions Applications Covered: Head and Neck Cancer Breast Cancer Prostate Cancer Colorectal Cancer Spine Cancer Cervical Cancer Penile Cancer Gynaecological Cancer Skin & Lip Cancer Lung Cancer Other Applications Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184989 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184989 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsDrug Discovery Technologies Market, Drug Discovery Technologies Market Share, Drug Discovery Technologies Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sales Market Analysis: Global Vertical Farming, Plant Factory Market 2017 Industry Research Report Next PostNext Data Science Platform Industry Business Development Analysis and Future Challenges by 2024 Search Recent Posts Aviation Chemicals Market to Witness Comprehensive Growth by 2024 Nigamnarayan Acharya, Shareholder, Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell and Berkowitz, PC to Speak at TKG’s Tips in Winning Paragraph IV Disputes LIVE Webcast Nigamnarayan Acharya, Shareholder, Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell and Berkowitz, PC to Speak at TKG’s Tips in Winning Paragraph IV Disputes LIVE Webcast 2017-2022 Internet of Things (IoT) TestingLED Indoor Lighting Market Professional Survey Global Analysis and Forecats Research Report Network Video Recorder Market Report 2021: Learn Survival Rate And Statistics Responsible For Growing Market Share Worldwide RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Laboratory Filtration Market Analysis, Segmentation, Competitors Analysis, Product research, Trends and Forecast by 2024 The laboratory filtration market is expected to reach USD 3.6 billion by 2024, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. The increasing number of target diseases such as water-borne diseases, immunodeficiency diseases, and cancer is anticipated to boost the market growth. The increasing use of filtration technologies such as microfiltration, nanofiltration, and ultrafiltration in water purification plants is expected to enhance growth in this sector. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/laboratory-filtration-market-analysis-by-product-filtration-media-membrane-filters-filter-papers-quartz-filter-paper-cellulose-filter-paper-glass-microfiber-filter-papers-syringe-filters-filtration-accessories-filter-holders-filter-dispensers-filter-flask Technological advancements in filtration products have resulted in an increase in the adoption rate of these products in clinical laboratories for research purposes. The products introduced provide benefits such high reliability, competency, and high throughput over the conventional methods. For instance, Merck Millipores millex syringe filters filter small-volume filtrates and these filters are ideally used for antibiotics and tissue culture additives. Further Key Findings From the Study Suggest: The filtration media segment dominated this market in 2015, with a revenue share of over 40%.The large share is attributed to its cost-effective nature, higher efficiency, and reliability for industrial bioprocessing. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/106332 Microfiltration assemblies dominated the assembly segment in 2015. Some of the benefits associated with microfilters such as easier availability, portability, and easier disposal make them the highly preferred technology. The microfiltration technology segment held the largest share in 2015, owing to the increasing application of microfiltration in industrial biotechnology and associated research. North America dominated the overall market with a revenue share of over 42% in 2015, owing to the presence of well-equipped laboratories for life science research, increasing investments in R&D, and the presence of government funding programs for laboratory filter membrane business owners. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing region with a CAGR of over 8.3%in the forecast period.Factors such as economic development, untapped market opportunities, new emerging market, and advancing healthcare system with the aid of supportive government initiatives are anticipated to assist in growth. The presence of major market players enhances the penetration of laboratory filtration product in the market. Some of the key players are Merck Millipore, Sigma-Aldrich, GE Healthcare, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Sartorius Group, 3M Company, Cantel Medical Corporation, Macherey-Nagel Gmbh& Co. Kg. The key players are entering into collaborations such as mergers and acquisitions with other key players to increase their market share. For instance, in November 2015, Merck Millipore acquired Sigma-Aldrich to enhance its life science segment, and this business segment based in the U.S. is named as MilliporeSigma. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Laboratory Filtration Market, Healthcare, Medical Equipments, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. (ADRNY: OTCQX International Premier) | Interim Financial Report Next PostNext Dimethylaminopropylamine (DMAPA) Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2026 Search Recent Posts Research of Baby Food Market in Sweden Industry : Share, Trends and Application 2017 Life Insurance in the US : Market Demands, Insights, Research and Forecast 2017 Air Heater Market 2017-2022 Opportunities, Challenges, Strategies and Forecasts Seattle Art Museum to exhibit work by UW art professor Denzil Hurley Power Electronics Market share, Applications, Segmentations & Forecast by 2024 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Notable Tuesday Option Activity: COST, MRK, BR Shutterstock photo Looking at options trading activity among components of the Russell 3000 index, there is noteworthy activity today in Costco Wholesale Corp (Symbol: COST), where a total volume of 11,596 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 1.2 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 49.4% of COST’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 2.3 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $163 strike call option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 930 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 93,000 underlying shares of COST. Below is a chart showing COST’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $163 strike highlighted in orange: Merck & Co Inc (Symbol: MRK) options are showing a volume of 43,378 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 4.3 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 48.2% of MRK’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 9.0 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $65 strike call option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 8,912 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 891,200 underlying shares of MRK. Below is a chart showing MRK’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $65 strike highlighted in orange: And Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc (Symbol: BR) options are showing a volume of 1,906 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 190,600 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 47.9% of BR’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 397,735 shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $75 strike call option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 591 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 59,100 underlying shares of BR. Below is a chart showing BR’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $75 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for COST options , MRK options , or BR options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Noteworthy Tuesday Option Activity: OTIC, YELP, NVDA Next PostNext Noteworthy Tuesday Option Activity: JCOM, SAGE, PEGA Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Where To Buy 400 mg Noroxin. Guaranteed Shipping. Safe Drugstore To Buy Generics Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 10 de Maio de 2017 Where To Buy 400 mg Noroxin Generic Noroxin Safe drugstore To Buy Generic Noroxin without prescription. Generic Noroxin (Norfloxacin) is an antibacterial medication used to heal infections in the urinary tract (UTI) and prostate. Generic Noroxin provides quick relief of irritating infections in some of your most sensitive areas by fighting off harmful bacteria, and may also be used to treat cases of gonorrhea. It is one of Merck’s best-selling drugs antibiotics. Generic Noroxin may also be marketed as: Noroxin, Norfloxacin *Noroxin® is manufactured by Merck & Co. Rating 4.5 stars, based on 385 comments Price start from $0.43 Per pill Follow this link to Order Generic Noroxin (Norfloxacin) NOW! Buy Noroxin Online With Paypal Buy Generic Noroxin San Francisco Combien Generic Noroxin Switzerland Beställ Online Noroxin Suomi How Much Do Noroxin Cost Billig Cheap Noroxin Holland Where To Get Generic Noroxin Canada Noroxin Cheap Paypal Buy Noroxin Generic Cheap Köp Cheap Noroxin Seattle generic Indocin Purchase Online Noroxin Detroit Noroxin Cheap Noroxin Billig Cheap Noroxin Danmark Quanto Costa Il Norfloxacin Generico Costo Promedio Norfloxacin Buy Generic Noroxin Online Now Köp Cheap Noroxin Chicago Buy Noroxin Pill Buy Noroxin Original Online Safely Noroxin Generico Achat Prescription Norfloxacin Purchase Order Cheap Noroxin Online Acheter Online Noroxin Sydney Noroxin Sales Best Place To Order Noroxin From Beställ Cheap Noroxin France Beställ Online Noroxin Spain Noroxin Pills Buy Where To Buy Generic Noroxin Sweden Safe Place To Buy Norfloxacin Online Achat Norfloxacin Authentique Costo Norfloxacin Generico Farmacia Cheap Noroxin Canadians Buy Norfloxacin Online How To Norfloxacin Cheap Overnight France Cheap Noroxin Where To Buy Buy Cheap Norfloxacin Cod Where To Buy Generic Noroxin Ny Order Generic Noroxin Belgium Buy Norfloxacin Counter Cheap Genuine Noroxin Order Norfloxacin International Cheap Prescription Norfloxacin Billig Online Noroxin Usa Norfloxacin Genuine Buy Best Place Buy Generic Noroxin Online Acheter Generic Noroxin Minneapolis Buy Generic Noroxin Online Norfloxacin Real Buy Acheter Norfloxacin Generic Billig Cheap Noroxin Miami Prescription Norfloxacin Cost Where Can I Buy Norfloxacin Online Norfloxacin Sale Price Acheter Norfloxacin Quebec How Much Should Noroxin Cost Billig Generic Noroxin Norway Billig Cheap Noroxin Dallas Best Place Order Generic Noroxin Ou Acheter Du Norfloxacin Sur Internet Buy Noroxin Without Doctor Prescription Overnight Cheap Norfloxacin Order Norfloxacin Online No Prescription Billig Online Noroxin Belgique Norfloxacin Costo Pesos Mexicanos Noroxin Online Kopen Acheter Generic Noroxin Belgique Brand Name Norfloxacin Sale Achat Online Noroxin Dallas Cheapest Canadian Pharmacy Norfloxacin Cheap Generic Noroxin Sale Priligy 60 mg achat en ligne pta-grenoble.com buy Adalat Ordonner Clomid En Ligne Prix Le Moins Cher cheap Zestril gKoe0ea Related Posts Sumycin Generic Purchase :: Generic Drugs Pharmacy :: Free Airmail Or Courier Shipping Best Prices – Quanto Costa Il Zyvox 600 mg In Farmacia – Online Drug Shop Achat Kamagra Oral Jelly 100 mg Internet – Meilleure offre sur les médicaments génériques Sans Ordonnance / Acheter Zetia la Belgique / Livraison rapide par courrier ou Airmail Billiga Ethinyl Estradiol Tabletter :: Gratis Kurir Leverans :: Billiga läkemedel online på vår apotek Acquista ora e sicuro i vostri soldi / Acquistare Professional Cialis Tadalafil Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Buy Generic Medications :: Order Cheap Indocin Generic... Anterior Discount Pharmacy Online * cheapest Premarin 0.625 mg... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global $3.37 Billion Air Quality Monitoring (AQM) Market Growth and Demand Forecasts to 2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 10 May, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Air Quality Monitoring (AQM) Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2022" report to their offering. The global air quality market was valued at $3,378.9 million in 2015, and it is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.8% during 2016 - 2022 The increasing level of air pollution across the globe, the favorable government regulations for air quality monitoring, increasing prevalence of respiratory diseases and increasing awareness regarding environmental and healthcare implications of air pollution are the key factors driving the growth of the global market. The air quality monitoring (AQM) devices are used by public or private organizations to check any violation in air quality standards, to gather information and knowledge for corrective and preventive air pollution measures, and for monitoring wind based movement, dispersion, dry deposition, chemical transformation and precipitation of generated pollutants. Different manufacturers are investing huge capital for the development of advanced air quality monitoring devices. The key opportunities witnessed in the global market are huge growth potential in emerging economies and technological advancements for air quality monitoring. The high operating margins in emerging economies make them attractive to investors when compared to developed economies. Manufacturing air quality monitoring products in the developing regions tend to decrease the overall cost of manufacturing, thus reducing the cost of the product without altering the quality. However, high cost of air quality monitoring equipment and the limitations associated with the air quality monitoring devices are expected to hamper the growth of the global market to some extent. Air quality monitoring devices are mostly used for monitoring chemical pollutants. Among the different product types of air quality monitoring, the outdoor air quality monitor market would witness faster growth during the forecast period. Increasing adoption of outdoor air quality monitors in different industries and increasing installation of AQM stations are the major factors driving the growth of the outdoor air quality monitors market. The government agencies and academic institutes were the largest end user of the air quality monitoring. The global air quality monitoring market for government agencies and academic institutes was at $1,219.1 million in 2015 and it is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.0% during 2016 - 2022. North America accounted for the largest share in the global market in 2015 and it is expected to grow at the considerable rate during the forecast period. The factors driving the air quality monitoring market in the region are technological advancements and high public private funding for air pollution control. Europe was the second largest market for air quality monitoring devices in 2015. The European market is primarily driven by stringent regulatory norms for industrial air pollution and high public funding for air pollution control. Some of the major players operating in the global market include Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Merck KGaA, Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, HORIBA, Ltd., Emerson Electric Co., General Electric Company, TSI Incorporated, 3M Company, and Siemens AG. Market Outlook Opportunities In The Global Aqm Market Emerging Economies Offering Huge Market Potential Technological Advancements For Aqm Factors Diving Growth Of The Market And Its Impact On Market Forecast Increasing Level Of Air Pollution Across The Globe Increasing Awareness Regarding Environmental And Healthcare Implications Of Air Pollution Favorable Government Regulations Impact Analysis Of Drivers On Market Forecast Factors Hindering Growth Of The Market And Its Impact On Market Forecast High Cost Of Aqm Equipment Limitations Of Aqm Products Impact Analysis Of Restraints On Market Forecast Company Profiles Horiba Limited Teledyne Technologies Incorporated Merck Kgaa Emerson Electronic Company Tsi Incorporated Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. General Electric Company 3M Company Siemens Ag For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/77lh3v/global_air Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-337-billion-air-quality-monitoring-aqm-market-growth-and-demand-forecasts-to-2022---research-and-markets-300455099.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 10 May, 2017, 16:15 ET Preview: $3.1 Billion Immunohistochemistry (IHC) Market Analysis and Forecast Segments 2014-2025 By Product, Application & End-Uses - Research and Markets 10 May, 2017, 15:45 ET Preview: 3D Animation Market 2017 - Global Forecast to 2022 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 10 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Iran Dairy Products Market By Type, By Organized vs. Unorganized,... 10 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Research and Markets - Global DRAM Market - Analysis,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Environmental Products & Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global $3.37 Billion Air Quality Monitoring (AQM) Market Growth and Demand Forecasts to 2022 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 10 May, 2017, 16:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Verastem Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Verastem, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSTM), focused on discovering and developing drugs to improve the survival and quality of life of cancer patients, today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017 and provided an overview of certain corporate developments. “Following the presentation of positive data from the DYNAMO™ study of duvelisib in indolent non-Hodgkins Lymphoma (iNHL) at the American Society of Hematology conference in December 2016, we are focused on executing against the important milestones that lie ahead, beginning with reporting top-line duvelisib data from the Phase 3 DUO™ study in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), which is expected mid-year 2017,” said Robert Forrester, President and Chief Executive Officer of Verastem. “We continue to believe duvelisib has significant potential as a convenient, oral monotherapy for patients with relapsed CLL and possibly other lymphomas, where there remains an unmet medical need.” Mr. Forrester continued, “For defactinib, the program continues to advance across three ongoing clinical collaborations evaluating focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibition in combination with immuno-oncology agents.” First Quarter 2017 and Recent Highlights: Duvelisib Long Term Follow Up Data from the DYNAMO Study Selected for Oral Presentation at the 14th International Conference on Malignant Lymphoma (ICML) – In early May, Verastem announced that an abstract highlighting long term follow up data from the ongoing Phase 2 DYNAMO study was selected for oral presentation at ICML 2017 in Lugano, Switzerland. The presentation, titled “DYNAMO: A Phase 2 Study Demonstrating the Clinical Activity of Duvelisib in Patients with Double-Refractory Indolent Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma,” will be presented by Pier Luigi Zinzani, M.D., Ph.D., of the University of Bologna Institute of Hematology, on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at 15:40 CET in Room A, Cinema Corso and Aula Magna (Lugano University). Ongoing Phase 3 DUO Study in Relapsed or Refractory CLL – The efficacy and safety of duvelisib is currently being evaluated in the randomized Phase 3 DUO study in patients with relapsed or refractory CLL. In the DUO study, approximately 300 patients were randomized 1:1 to receive duvelisib (25mg BID) or ofatumumab (8 weekly infusions, starting with an initial intravenous dose of 300mg on day 1 followed by 7 weekly doses of 2,000mg, then 2,000mg monthly for 4 cycles). The trial was fully enrolled in November 2015. The primary endpoint of this study is progression free survival (PFS). Key secondary endpoints include overall response rate (ORR), overall survival, duration of response (DOR) and safety. Verastem expects to report top-line data from the DUO study in mid-year 2017. Published Scientific Research Demonstrating the Potential of Duvelisib in Combination with Venetoclax – A recent publication1 in Leukemia by Patel and colleagues provides scientific rationale for the combination of duvelisib with the BCL2 inhibitor venetoclax for the treatment of CLL. Using samples from duvelisib-treated CLL patients, this group at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center found that duvelisib-treatment increased expression of several pro-apoptotic proteins such that the CLL cells were poised for apoptosis. They went on to show that CLL cells from patients after duvelisib treatment were killed more effectively by venetoclax than CLL cells taken from the same patients before duvelisib treatment. Defactinib (VS-6063) Presented Defactinib Data at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting –In an oral presentation titled, “Reprogramming the tumor microenvironment to improve responses to therapy,” Verastem scientific collaborator David G. DeNardo, Ph.D., Assistant Professor of Medicine, Division of Oncology, Department of Immunology, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, described data demonstrating that FAK inhibition can enable efficacy of PD-1 inhibition in preclinical models of pancreatic cancer that, like the clinical disease, are otherwise refractory to checkpoint inhibition. Verastem’s FAK inhibitor, defactinib, is currently being evaluated in combination with Merck’s PD-1 inhibitor, pembrolizumab, and gemcitabine in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Initial analysis of immune biomarkers from matched pairs of metastatic biopsies, taken either pre- or post-treatment, from patients with PDAC showed an increase in activated proliferating cytotoxic T-cells together with a reduction in tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs). Dosed the First Patient in Combination Trial of Defactinib and Avelumab in Patients with Ovarian Cancer –As announced in January 2017, the first patient was dosed in a new clinical trial evaluating avelumab, an investigational fully human anti-PD-L1 IgG1 monoclonal antibody, in combination with defactinib in patients with advanced ovarian cancer. This multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation and dose-expansion Phase 1/2 clinical trial is designed to assess the safety, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and initial observations of clinical activity of the avelumab/defactinib combination in patients with recurrent or refractory stage III-IV ovarian cancer. The study is being conducted in collaboration with the alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which in the U.S. and Canada operates as EMD Serono, and Pfizer, and is expected to enroll approximately 100 patients at up to 15 sites across the U.S. Updated Data from the Window of Opportunity Study in Mesothelioma Selected for Poster Presentation at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2017 Annual Meeting – An abstract highlighting updated data from the ongoing Phase 2 Window of Opportunity study was selected for a poster presentation at ASCO 2017 in Chicago. The presentation, titled “Effect of FAK inhibitor defactinib on tumor immune changes and tumor reductions in a phase II window of opportunity study in malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM),” will be presented by Raphael Bueno, M.D., of the Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Harvard Medical School, on Saturday, June 3, 2017 from 8:00-11:30am CT in Hall A at McCormick Place. Corporate and Financial Eric K. Rowinsky Appointed to the Board of Directors – Verastem announced the appointment of Eric K. Rowinsky, M.D., to its Board of Directors. Dr. Rowinsky brings to Verastem nearly 30 years of experience in the development of cancer treatments, such as cetuximab (Erbitux®) when he was Chief Medical Officer of ImClone Systems, as well as Cyramza®, Portrazza®, Taxol®, Taxotere®, Hycamtin®, Tarceva®, Camptosar®, Tykerb®, and cixutumumab, among others. Dr. Rowinsky is a member of the board of directors of Biogen, Navidea, and Fortress Biotech, all public life sciences companies, and has served on the board of directors of BIND Therapeutics, a life-science company acquired by Pfizer. Dr. Rowinsky is replacing Paul A. Friedman, M.D. who is transitioning from his role as Director to become a member of Verastem’s Clinical and Scientific Advisory Board. Hagop Youssoufian, MSc, M.D., Named Head of Hematology and Oncology Development – In January 2017, Dr. Youssoufian assumed this leadership role at Verastem to oversee the clinical and regulatory development of Verastem’s pipeline, including duvelisib, and provide overall strategic and tactical leadership to its hematology-oncology clinical programs. Dr. Youssoufian brings over 25 years of product development and commercialization experience to Verastem, having served as Chief Medical Officer at BIND Therapeutics, Ziopharm Oncology and Imclone Systems, and other senior roles at Progenics, Sanofi Aventis and Bristol-Myers Squibb where he was involved in the development of Sprycel®, Taxotere® Erbitux®, Cyramza®, Portrazza® and Lartruvo®. Additional Key Personnel Appointments – Michael Ferraresso joined Verastem as Vice President, Commercial Operations, and Verastem also appointed several highly experienced individuals to its Clinical and Scientific Advisory Board, including Lori Kunkel, M.D., former Chief Medical Officer at Pharmacyclics, Edmund J. Pezalla, M.D., MPH, Former Vice President, Pharmaceutical Policy and Strategy at Aetna, Greg Berk, M.D., former Chief Medical Officer at Verastem, Inc., Cheryl Cohen, former Chief Commercial Officer at Medivation, Inc., and Brian Stuglik, R.Ph, former Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, Oncology Global Marketing at Eli Lilly. Secured $25 Million Loan Facility – In March 2017, Verastem entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Hercules Capital, Inc. for up to $25.0 million in financing. Verastem received the first $2.5 million of financing under the Loan and Security Agreement when the transaction closed. The proceeds will be used for Verastem’s ongoing research and development programs and for general corporate purposes. Additional tranches of up to $22.5 million in aggregate will be available subject to certain conditions, including positive data from the Phase 3 DUO clinical trial evaluating duvelisib in patients with relapsed or refractory CLL. First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2017 (2017 Quarter) was $13.0 million, or $0.35 per share, as compared to a net loss of $8.3 million, or $0.22 per share, for the three months ended March 31, 2016 (2016 Quarter). Net loss includes non-cash stock-based compensation expense of $1.2 million and $1.6 million for the 2017 Quarter and 2016 Quarter, respectively. Research and development expense for the 2017 Quarter was $8.4 million compared to $4.2 million for the 2016 Quarter. The $4.2 million increase from the 2016 Quarter to the 2017 Quarter was primarily related to an increase of $2.8 million in contract research organization expense for outsourced biology, chemistry, development and clinical services, which includes clinical trial costs, an increase in personnel related costs of approximately $965,000, and an increase of approximately $554,000 in consulting fees. These increases were offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation and other expenses of approximately $86,000. General and administrative expense for the 2017 Quarter was $4.8 million compared to $4.3 million for the 2016 Quarter. The increase of approximately $508,000 from the 2016 Quarter to the 2017 Quarter primarily resulted from an increase in consulting and professional fees of approximately $922,000, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of approximately $397,000. As of March 31, 2017, Verastem had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $72.6 million compared to $80.9 million as of December 31, 2016. Verastem used $10.7 million for operating activities during the 2017 Quarter. The number of outstanding common shares as of March 31, 2017, was 36,992,418. Financial Guidance Based on our current operating plans, we expect to have sufficient cash, cash equivalents and investments to fund our research and development programs and operations into 2018. About the Tumor Microenvironment The tumor microenvironment encompasses various cellular populations and extracellular matrices within the tumor or cancer niche that support cancer cell survival. This includes immunosuppressive cell populations such as regulatory T-cells, myeloid-derived suppressor cells, M2 tumor-associated macrophages, as well as tumor-associated fibroblasts and extracellular matrix proteins, which can hamper the entry and therapeutic benefit of cytotoxic immune cells and anti-cancer drugs. In addition to targeting the proliferative and survival signaling of cancer cells, Verastem’s product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib, also target the tumor microenvironment as a mechanism of action to potentially improve a patient’s response to therapy. About Duvelisib Duvelisib is an investigational, dual inhibitor of phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)-delta and PI3K-gamma, two enzymes that are known to help support the growth and survival of malignant B-cells and T-cells. PI3K signaling may lead to the proliferation of malignant B-cells and is thought to play a role in the formation and maintenance of the supportive tumor microenvironment.2,3,4 Duvelisib is currently being evaluated in late- and mid-stage clinical trials, including DUO™, a randomized, Phase 3 monotherapy study in patients with relapsed or refractory CLL5, and DYNAMO™, a single-arm, Phase 2 monotherapy study in patients with refractory iNHL that achieved its primary endpoint of ORR upon top-line analysis of efficacy data6. Duvelisib is also being evaluated for the treatment of hematologic malignancies through investigator-sponsored studies, including T-cell lymphoma.7 Information about duvelisib clinical trials can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Defactinib Defactinib is an investigational inhibitor of FAK, a non-receptor tyrosine kinase encoded by the PTK-2 gene that mediates oncogenic signaling in response to cellular adhesion and growth factors.8 Based on the multi-faceted roles of FAK, defactinib is used to treat cancer through modulation of the tumor microenvironment, enhancement of anti-tumor immunity, and reduction of cancer stem cells.9,10 Defactinib is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types including pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. These studies are combination clinical trials with pembrolizumab and avelumab from Merck & Co. and Pfizer/Merck KGaA, respectively.11,12,13 Information about these and additional clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of defactinib can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Verastem, Inc. Verastem, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSTM) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing drugs to improve outcomes for patients with cancer. Verastem is currently developing duvelisib, a dual inhibitor of PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma, which has successfully met its primary endpoint in a Phase 2 study in iNHL and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with CLL. In addition, Verastem is developing the FAK inhibitor defactinib, which is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types, including pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. Verastem’s product candidates seek to treat cancer by modulating the local tumor microenvironment, enhancing anti-tumor immunity and reducing cancer stem cells. For more information, please visit www.verastem.com. Verastem, Inc. forward-looking statements notice: This press release includes forward-looking statements about Verastem’s strategy, future plans and prospects, including statements regarding the development and activity of Verastem’s investigational product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib (VS-6063), and Verastem’s PI3K and FAK programs generally, the structure of our planned and pending clinical trials and the timeline and indications for clinical development, including reporting top-line data, and regulatory submissions, our rights to develop or commercialize our product candidates and our ability to finance contemplated development activities and fund operations for a specified period. The words „anticipate,” „believe,” „estimate,” „expect,” „intend,” „may,” „plan,” „predict,” „project,” „target,” „potential,” „will,” „would,” „could,” „should,” „continue,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statement. Applicable risks and uncertainties include the risks that the preclinical testing of Verastem’s product candidates and preliminary or interim data from clinical trials may not be predictive of the results or success of ongoing or later clinical trials; that data may not be available when expected, including for the Phase 3 DUO™ study; that enrollment of clinical trials may take longer than expected; that our product candidates will cause unexpected safety events or result in an unmanageable safety profile as compared to their level of efficacy; that duvelisib will be ineffective at treating patients with lymphoid malignancies; that Verastem will be unable to successfully initiate or complete the clinical development of its product candidates; that the development of Verastem’s product candidates will take longer or cost more than planned; that Verastem may not have sufficient cash to fund its contemplated operations; that Verastem or Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Infinity) will fail to fully perform under the duvelisib license agreement; that Verastem may be unable to make additional draws under its debt facility or obtain adequate financing in the future through product licensing, co-promotional arrangements, public or private equity, debt financing or otherwise; that Verastem will not pursue or submit regulatory filings for its product candidates, including for duvelisib in patients with CLL or iNHL; and that Verastem’s product candidates will not receive regulatory approval, become commercially successful products, or result in new treatment options being offered to patients. Other risks and uncertainties include those identified under the heading „Risk Factors” in Verastem’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in any subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect Verastem’s views as of the date of this release, and Verastem does not undertake and specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. References 1 Patel V.M., et al. Duvelisib treatment is associated with altered expression of apoptotic regulators that helps in sensitization of chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells to venetoclax (ABT-199). Leukemia. 2017 Feb 3. doi: 10.1038/leu.2016.382. 2 Winkler D.G., Faia K.L., DiNitto J.P. et al. PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma inhibition by IPI-145 abrogates immune responses and suppresses activity in autoimmune and inflammatory disease models. Chem Biol 2013; 20:1-11. 3 Reif K et al. Cutting Edge: Differential Roles for Phosphoinositide 3 kinases, p110-gamma and p110-delta, in lymphocyte chemotaxis and homing. J Immunol 2004:173:2236-2240. 4 Schmid M et al. Receptor Tyrosine Kinases and TLR/IL1Rs Unexpectedly activate myeloid cell PI3K, a single convergent point promoting tumor inflammation and progression. Cancer Cell 2011;19:715-727. 5www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02004522 6www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01882803 7www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02783625, NCT02783625, NCT02158091 8 Schaller M.D. and Parsons J.T. Focal adhesion kinase: an integrin-linked protein tyrosine kinase. Trends Cell Biol. 1993 3: 258-62. 9 Jiang H et al. Targeting focal adhesion kinase renders pancreatic cancers responsive to checkpoint immunotherapy. Nat Med 2016: Aug 22(8) 851-60. 10 Sulzmaier F.J. et al. FAK in cancer: mechanistic findings and clinical applications. Nature Rev Cancer. 2014 14: 598-610. 11www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02546531 12www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02943317 13www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02758587             Verastem, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands)   March 31, December 31, 2017 2016 Cash, cash equivalents and investments $ 72,571 $ 80,897 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,434 398 Property and equipment, net 1,271 1,417 Other assets           973   917 Total assets $         76,249 $ 83,629   Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 13,233 $ 10,991 Long-term debt 2,249 — Other liabilities 295 341 Stockholders’ equity           60,472   72,297 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $         76,249 $ 83,629       Verastem, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share amounts)   Three months ended March 31, 2017 2016 Operating expenses: Research and development $ 8,385 $ 4,179 General and administrative   4,763     4,255   Total operating expenses   13,148     8,434   Loss from operations (13,148 ) (8,434 ) Interest income 155 140 Interest expense   (12 )   —   Net loss $ (13,005 ) $ (8,294 ) Net loss per share—basic and diluted $ (0.35 ) $ (0.22 ) Weighted-average number of common shares used in net loss per share-basic and diluted   36,992     36,975     CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Semi-Autonomous Vehicles Market Is Expected to Reach USD 55.68 Billion by 2027 with a CAGR of 25.6% Next PostNext Citrus Flavours Market by Authentication, Track and Trace Technology – Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast in USA 2021 Search Recent Posts China: Human rights lawyer released on bail amid relentless crackdown Lucentis Drug Market Overview, Competitive Analysis & Development by Companies, Analysis and Forecasts to 2017 Tissue Banking Market 2016 Research Report EQUITY ALERT UPDATE: Rosen Law Firm Files Expanded Securities Class Action Lawsuit Against Celadon Group, Inc. – CGI Property takes the crown as NZ’s most significant industry RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Menopausal Hot Flashes Market Led by Estrogen Products; Market to Reach US $5.3 Billion by 2023 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/10/2017 — The global menopausal hot flashes market was recorded at US$3.8 bn in 2014. It is progressing at a CAGR of 3.70% within a forecast period from 2015 to 2023, and will reach US$5.3 bn by the end of 2023, according to a research report released by Transparency Market Research. The report, titled „Menopausal Hot Flashes Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2023,” encapsulates the key drivers, restraints, and trends regarding the treatments for menopausal hot flashes in the coming years. Hot flashes, also known as hot flushes, can be described as a rapid sensation of heat within the body. It is accompanied by a blushed red face and sweating. They occur during or immediately before menopause and can be repetitive. More than two-thirds of the women in North America are affected by hot flashes during perimenopause. Hot flashes are caused by the dilation of blood vessels close to the skin. Some women also experience chills and a sudden increase in the heart rate. The exact cause of hot flashes is not yet fully understood. The intensity of a hot flash varies from woman to woman. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/menopausal-hot-flashes.html The report segments the global menopausal hot flashes market in terms of therapy type, pipeline drug, and geography. On the basis of therapy type, the global menopausal hot flashes market is segmented into hormonal and non-hormonal therapies. The two most common hormones used to treat menopausal hot flashes are progesterone and estrogen, of which the market is led by estrogen. It held the largest share in the market in 2014 in terms of volume of prescription and revenue generated. It is considered to be the most effective way to treat hot flashes and no other treatment has come close to it in terms of effectiveness. Despite this, non-estrogen treatments are expected to show a decent growth rate. They are almost 70% effective when compared to estrogen treatments and are showing an increase in demand over time. Geographically speaking, the report puts North America as the dominant region in the global menopausal hot flashes market for 2014, followed closely by Europe. The high growth rate of this market in both regions is owed to the larger percentage of older women in the overall population, since they are also capable of purchasing treatment options for hot flashes. The growth of these two regions in the near future can come from the increasing demand for non-hormonal drugs. At the same time, the report expects Asia Pacific to show the fastest growth rate in the global menopausal hot flashes market for the given forecast period, owing to its rapidly increasing population density, the increasing number of individuals with a high disposable income, and higher healthcare expenditure and growing knowledge of women’s health issues. Similar growth rates can be seen in the Rest of the World segment. For instance, nearly 32% of the 30 mn women in Brazil are currently aged between 30 and 65 years. This provides a large enough opportunity for the global menopausal hot flashes market to grow in these regions. In terms of the competitive landscape, the global menopausal hot flashes market is a highly fragmented one. A large portion of the market is taken up by small and mid-sized companies that produce generic treatment options. Nearly 44.50% of the global menopausal hot flashes market was occupied by only a few dominant players in 2014. These key players include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Pfizer, Inc., Novo Nordisk Corporation, Novartis International AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical Co., Inc., Bayer AG, and Allergan plc. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=2856 About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Internet2 Names New President and Chief Executive Officer: Howard Pfeffer Next PostNext Latin American Telecom Services Industry Adopts New Business Models to Spark Digital Transformation Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cardiovascular Disease Drug Market Estimated to Flourish by 2023 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/10/2017 — Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a major cause of death in the U.S. and rest of the world. These diseases are primarily related with heart and blood vessels disorders, such asischemic heart disease, dyslipidemia, stroke, thrombosis, atherosclerosis, coronary artery diseases, peripheral artery disease and others. These disorders are mainly reported due to obesity, high cholesterol, smoking, excessi alcohol, and poor lifestyle. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), CVD is responsible for approximately 15 million deaths each year across the globe. The same source also states that it is a major cause of death in adults and accounts for 50% of total deaths worldwide. Browse through Cardiovascular Disease Drug Market report to know what factors will shape the market by 2023: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cardiovascular-disease-drug-market.html Cardiovascular diseases can be prevented or treated using various medications. The drugs used for treatment either enhance the pumping capacity of the heart or increase oxygen supply to the heart. Major drugs prescribed for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases includes heparin, Coumadin (warfarin), Sectral (acebutolol), Zebeta (bisoprolol), Lopressor, Toprol XL (metoprolol), Norvasc, Lotrel (amlodipine), Vascor (bepridil) andSular (nisoldipine). The market for cardiovascular drugs can becategorized drug class on the basis of mechanism of action: beta blockers, beta agonists, alpha blockers, alpha agonists, sodium channel blockers, calcium channel blockers, vasodilators, renin inhibitors, angiotensin receptor blockers, diuretics, and thrombolytics. Furthermore, the CVD market can also be subdivided based on various indications such as stroke, hypertension, dyslipidemia and others. In terms of geography, the market can be analyzed by major geographies: North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Rest of the World. Presently, antihypertensive drug class holds the largest share of the global CVD market in terms of revenue. The dominance of this drug classis primarily witnessed due to presence of multibillion drugs such as Diovan and Benicar brands. On the contrary, thrombolytic drugs currently accounts for a small market share but is expected to grow at the fastest rate in future. Geographically, North America accounted for the highest market share in 2013 due to high awareness about the heart diseases. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), every year about 610,000 people in America die of heart diseases. Likewise, annually 735,000 Americans are victims of heart attacks. Thus, increasing incidence of heart attacks in North America would surge the demand for cardiovascular drugs. However, Asia-Pacific region is expected to showcase the fastest growth rate in the future due to rise in aging population, increasing awareness and other factors. Cardiovascular disease drug market is expected to demonstrate healthy growth rate due to the increasing incidence of population suffering from cardiovascular disease and rising number of obese and diabetes patients. Poor life style, geriatric population and presence of high number of innovative drugs under the clinical studies are other key factors expected to fuel the market growth. Development of drugs for a broad range of applications is a major challenge faced by the manufacturers operating in this industry. Thus, for addressing the unmet needs, researchers are focusing on development of cell-based therapies. For instance, Darapladib (GlaxoSmithKline Inc., UK), is a lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 inhibitor, Dabigatran (Pradaxa; Boehringer Ingelheim, USA) is direct thrombin inhibitor. In addition, apart from ingestion of drugs through conventional mode (oral and parenteral),various advanced devices are also being introduced in the market that facilitate drug delivery by mode of drug eluting stents, balloons, and drug eluting vascular grafts. Hence, based on abovementioned factors, cardiovascular drugs market is anticipated to witness significant growth in the future. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Cardiovascular Disease Drug Market by 2023: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=5150 Some of the key players operating in the cardiovascular disease drug market are AstraZeneca plc, Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi S.A., Merck & Co., Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited, Novartis AG, Bayer AG, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Astellas Pharma Inc., Johnson & Johnson, United Therapeutics Corporation, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Roche Holding AG. About TMR Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Phosphoric acid (CAS 7664-38-2) Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Next PostNext National Head Start Association Recognizes CEOGC’s Performance with Five-Year Grant Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Health Search Search Visit for coverage from TIME, Health, Fortune and moreGo » WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 11 SnapchatSnapchat CEO Evan Spiegel Trolls Mark Zuckerberg on Snap Earnings Call CompaniesChinese Tech Companies Struggling to Seal Deals in U.S. Find a Warmer Welcome in Israel NAFTAMexico Presses Trump to Uphold NAFTA for the Good of Both Nations Brainstorm Health Brainstorm Health Daily: May 10, 2017 Clifton Leaf,Sy Mukherjee May 10, 2017 Greetings, readers. Sy at your service. Dr. Tom Insel, the former head of the U.S. National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), has left his relatively new perch at Google life sciences arm Verily in order to launch his own digital health company called Mindstrong, Nature reports. Like some of Verily's psychology-centered projects, Mindstrong will focus on "digital phenotyping"—a high-tech method of detecting signs of mental illness through how users interact with devices. That might mean sensing irregularities in smartphone typing patterns or word choice that might mean someone is feeling suicidal or depressed, and then directing that person to emergency resources (or alerting next of kin). I'll be speaking with Dr. Insel later today to discuss his new firm's ambitions. In the meantime, Verily plans to continue its own mental health efforts, which will now be run by clinical psychologist Danielle Schlosser. Read on for the day's news. Sy Mukherjee @the_sy_guy sayak.mukherjee@fortune.com DIGITAL HEALTH The female-founded startup that wants to become the Spotify of meditation. My colleague Valentina Zarya profiles Simple Habit, a female-founded, four-person company that just raised $2.5 million in a seed funding round with investors like Dropbox founder Drew Houston and New Enterprise Associates. The firm was founded by Yunha Kim and is focused on bringing a marketplace of meditation to users. "Most of these [meditation] apps really have one teacher, but I needed access to all kinds of meditations, all kinds of teachers," Kim tells Valentina. The library of guided meditations will be based on a Spotify-esque model, where users can pay a premium for access to more content. (Fortune) INDICATIONS One third of new drugs have safety issues. A new JAMA report finds that the one in three new drugs approved by the FDA between 2001 and 2010 proved to have safety risks that didn't become evident until they were already on the market. That doesn't mean that the risks were so bad that all (or even most) of the treatments had to be yanked from consumers; but it does underscore the tricky nature of drug development and the clinical trial process, where side effects may not become clear until later on. And it underscores the fine line regulators have to walk between getting groundbreaking treatments to patients and making sure that anything that makes it to market is safe. (Fortune) Roche hit with setback on key cancer immunotherapy drug Tecentriq. Pharma giant Roche faced a stunning setback as its star cancer immunotherapy drug, Tecentriq, failed a follow-on late-stage trial in advanced bladder cancer. That could be something of a clinical body blow for the company, especially if it causes the FDA to reconsider an initial early approval for bladder cancer; Roche executives have previously told me they consider Tecentriq to be the "backbone" of their next-generation immuno-oncology treatment program—a space in which it's competing with the likes of Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer, and AstraZeneca. But the company is sticking with the drug. "We believe that Tecentriq will continue to play an important role in the treatment for people with advanced bladder cancer, and will discuss these data with health authorities," said a Roche spokesperson in a statement. AstraZeneca's asthma treatment flunks late-stage trial. Speaking of clinical setbacks: U.K. drug maker AstraZeneca faced its own late-stage failure for the experimental asthma treatment tralokinumab. That's a second major dent in this particular class of asthma drugs called interleukin-13 inhibitors (a similar therapy from Roche also disappointed in a study last year). (Reuters) THE BIG PICTURE Senate confirms Dr. Scott Gottlieb to lead the FDA. Amid some of the other events unfolding in Washington on Tuesday, the U.S. Senate confirmed Dr. Scott Gottlieb to be the next FDA commissioner on a 57-42 vote. The biopharma industry has enthusiastically lauded Gottlieb, who's seen as a pragmatic conservative physician who will work to cut through red tape at the FDA without excessively rocking the boat. But some critics question his close ties to the industry; in fact, Gottlieb himself has said he will stay away from decisions related to some 20 health care companies in which he's either invested or been paid by. (Fortune) Drug resistant tuberculosis strains are on the rise. The latest superbug threat could come in the form of drug-resistant tuberculosis. According to Science, this TB strain is becoming more and more prominent in Russia. In fact, four specific countries are expected to see an explosion in cases over the next few decades: Russia, India, South Africa, and the Philippines. (Science) REQUIRED READING Passion and Purpose Before Profit, by Alan Murray Trump's Tuesday Night Massacre, by Andrew Nusca Edward Snowden Says Use Cloud Services at Your Own Peril, by Barb Darrow Snap's First Earnings Report Should Reveal More About Battle With Facebook and Twitter, by Reuters Produced by Sy Mukherjee @the_sy_guy sayak.mukherjee@fortune.com Find past coverage. Sign up for other Fortune newsletters. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Nikhil Peritoneal Cancer Review H1 2017 Research Report MarketResearchNest.com adds “Peritoneal Cancer – Pipeline Review, H1 2017” new report to its research database. The report spread across in multiple pages with table and figures in it.   Latest Pharmaceutical and Healthcare disease pipeline guide Peritoneal Cancer – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Peritoneal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline landscape. Peritoneal cancer is a rare cancer that develops in the peritoneum, a thin, delicate sheet that lines the inside wall of the abdomen and covers the uterus and extends over the bladder and rectum. Peritoneal cancer usually manifests with abdominal distention and diffuse nonspecific abdominal pain secondary to ascites. Peritoneal cancer symptoms may include shortness of breath, rectal bleeding, loss of appetite, frequent urination, constipation, nausea or diarrhea and feeling of fullness, even after a light meal. Treatment includes options such as chemotherapy, surgery, biological therapy and radiation therapy. Browse full table of contents and data tables at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/peritoneal-cancer-pipeline-review-h1-2017.html . The Peritoneal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Peritoneal Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Filing rejected/Withdrawn, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 1, 2, 12, 60, 36, 11, 1 and 1 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I and Preclinical stages comprises 2, 4 and 1 molecules, respectively.   Peritoneal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis.   Peritoneal Cancer – Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development 3-V Biosciences Inc, AbbVie Inc, Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc, Aduro BioTech Inc, Advenchen Laboratories LLC, Altor BioScience Corp, Amgen Inc, Arrien Pharmaceuticals LLC, Astellas Pharma Inc, Astex Pharmaceuticals Inc, AstraZeneca Plc, Atara Biotherapeutics Inc, AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc, Bayer AG, BeiGene Ltd, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Boston Biomedical Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corp, Celldex Therapeutics Inc, Celsion Corp, CerRx Inc, Clovis Oncology Inc, Critical Outcome Technologies Inc, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd, Eisai Co Ltd, Eli Lilly and Company, EpiThany Inc, Esperance Pharmaceuticals Inc, Exelixis Inc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Galena Biopharma Inc, Gene Techno Science Co Ltd, Genelux Corp, Genentech Inc,Genor BioPharma Co Ltd, Glycotope GmbH, Gradalis Inc, Hemispherx Biopharma Inc, ImmunoGen Inc, Immunovaccine Inc, Incyte Corp, Innate Pharma SA, Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co Ltd,Johnson & Johnson, Juno Therapeutics Inc, Lidds AB Mabion SA, MabVax Therapeutics Holdings Inc, Mateon Therapeutics Inc, MedImmune LLC, Medivir AB, Merck & Co Inc, Merck KGaA, Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc, MolMed SpA, Mycenax Biotech Inc, NewLink Genetics Corp, Novartis AG, Novogen Ltd, Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB, OBI Pharma Inc, Oncobiologics Inc, Oncolix Inc, Oncolytics Biotech Inc, OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc, Ono Pharmaceutical Co Ltd, Oxford BioMedica Plc, Pfizer Inc, Pharma Mar SA, Polaris Pharmaceuticals Inc, PsiOxus Therapeutics Ltd, Richter Gedeon Nyrt, Samyang Holdings Corp, Sanofi, Sanofi Pasteur SA, Sotio AS, Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc, TapImmune Inc, Tyrogenex Inc, Vascular Biogenics Ltd, VentiRx Pharmaceuticals Inc, Verastem Inc.   Request Sample Copy at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/requestsample.php?reportid=201533   Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Peritoneal Cancer (Central Nervous System). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Peritoneal Cancer (Central Nervous System) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline.   Order a Purchase Report Copy at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/purchase.php?reportid=201533   About Us:                          MarketResearchNest.com is the most comprehensive collection of market research products and services on the Web. We offer reports from almost all top publishers and update our collection on daily basis to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and recent database of expert insights on global industries, organizations, products, and trends.   Contact Us Mr. Jeet Jain Sales Manager sales@marketresearchnest.com +1-240-284-8070 Connect with us:  Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter | Facebook CategoriesGoogle News TagsHealthcare, Peritoneal Cancer Therapeutics, Peritoneal Cancer Therapeutics Industry, Peritoneal Cancer Therapeutics Market, Peritoneal Cancer Therapeutics Market Growth, Peritoneal Cancer Therapeutics Market Share, Peritoneal Cancer Therapeutics Market Size, Peritoneal Cancer Therapeutics Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pan American Silver announces results of Annual Shareholders Meeting Next PostNext Public Relations Global Network (PRGN) Hits 50-Member Mark with Addition of Two New Agencies, Selects Christina Rytter as President Search Recent Posts Government chips in $178M to shore up tourism infrastructure Giyani Announces Commencement of Field Exploration Power Metals Corp. Defines Drill Targets at Case Lake and Plans to Commence Optimal Lithium Extraction Testing Paul McGilvary Joins the AsureQuailty Board of Directors ASC Biosciences, Inc. (OCEE: OTC Pink No Information) | Splits RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Rachel Cervantes Joins University City Science Center as VP Corporate Development Rachel Cervantes Philadelphia, PA (PRWEB) May 10, 2017 Rachel Cervantes, Ph.D., MBA has joined the University City Science Center as VP Corporate Development. Cervantes brings over 20 years’ experience in the commercial and scientific aspects of pharmaceutical innovation within large pharmaceutical, biotech, and academic research environments. In this newly created position at the mission-driven nonprofit, Cervantes will play a leadership role in forging strategic partnerships with industry, non-profit and academic institutions with the goal of building a sustainable corporate and institutional presence in uCity Square and yielding additional revenue sources for the Science Center. “As uCity Square expands, University City will enter a new era of innovation, access, inclusion, and discovery with the Science Center playing a key role as the connector between multiple, diverse organizations,” says Science Center President & CEO Stephen S. Tang, Ph.D., MBA. “Rachel’s business development background and private industry experience will enhance the Science Center’s ability to develop creative and flexible approaches that bring mutual value to its partners.” Cervantes was most recently Senior Director of Business Development at Egalet Corporation where she was responsible for the company’s external partnering efforts with a primary focus on M&A and licensing. Cervantes held similar roles at Inovio Pharmaceuticals and Merck & Co., where, in addition to evaluating, structuring and negotiating global healthcare partnerships, she also held a number of leadership roles within R&D and marketing. In addition to her private sector experience, Cervantes was a research associate at the Salk Institute at Biological Sciences where she conducted NIH-funded cancer research. Cervantes earned an MBA from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania, a Ph.D. in Cellular and Molecular Biology from the University of Cincinnati, and a BA from the University of Hawai’I at Manoa. She serves on the Wharton Alumni Executive Board and is a member of the Trustee’s Council of Penn Women. About the Science Center Located in the heart of uCity Square, the Science Center is a mission-driven nonprofit organization that catalyzes and connects innovation to entrepreneurship and technology commercialization. For 50+ years, the Science Center has supported startups, research, and economic development in the life sciences, healthcare, physical sciences, and emerging technology sectors. As a result, graduate firms and current residents of the Science Center’s incubator support one out of every 100 jobs in the Greater Philadelphia region and drive $13 billion in economic activity in the region annually. By providing resources and programming for any stage of a business’s lifecycle, the Science Center helps scientists, entrepreneurs and innovators take their concepts from idea to IPO – and beyond. For more information about the Science Center, go to http://www.sciencecenter.org Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Contrary to Other Regions, the Southeast Asian Market for Synthetic Latex Polymers is Driven by the Glove Dipping Industry, Sees Kline Next PostNext Wrapping Equipment Market 2017: Overview, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Opportunities to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Handheld Imagers Market will reach USD 3.30 Billion by 2022: Zion Market Research Digital Commerce Application Market to Rise at 15.8% CAGR by 2026 SKY Perfect JSAT and LeoSat Sign Strategic Partnership & Investment Agreement MedlinePlus: Dormir bien Home Audio Equipment Market to expand $23.97bn by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Short Interest in Major Pharma Shrinks By Chris Lange May 10, 2017 9:00 am EDT Print Email Tweet Pharmaceutical companies usually are involved in a lengthy process of getting their drug candidates to market through clinical trials. There is a fair amount of risk involved, should a study come back negative or a candidate not be approved. Conversely, if a drug gains FDA approval or passes a clinical trial, there can be big upside. The Trump administration has promised reforms in the health care sector, such as changing the bidding process for drugs and shortening the FDA approval process. It has yet to be seen how much headway the White House can actually make with these reforms, even after the House of Representatives vote on Trump’s repeal of Obamacare. Keep in mind that short sellers betting against big pharma are taking on an added risk. They have to pay out the ongoing high dividends on top of the cost of borrowing the shares. The April 28 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest moves in these selected pharmaceutical stocks were mostly downward. Short interest in Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) fell to 47.33 million shares from the previous 50.04 million. Its shares were last seen at $33.38, within a 52-week trading range of $29.83 to $37.39. The number of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares short fell to 15.07 million from 16.67 million in the previous period. Its shares were trading at $63.29, in a 52-week range of $53.59 to $66.80. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.’s (NYSE: TEVA) short interest rose to 22.63 million shares, compared to the previous level of 21.80 million. Shares were trading at $31.15, in a 52-week range of $30.22 to $56.46. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) short interest dropped to 18.41 million shares, from the previous reading of 22.34 million. Shares were trading at $55.32, within a 52-week range of $46.01 to $77.12. The number of shares short in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) decreased to 32.65 million, compared to the previous 33.32 million. The stock was trading at $66.17, in a 52-week range of $55.06 to $68.12. Eli Lilly and Co.’s (NYSE: LLY) short interest decreased slightly to 10.76 million shares from the previous 10.80 million. The stock was trading at $80.79. The 52-week range is $64.18 to $86.72. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Short Sellers Wading Back in on Solar, Alt Energy Stocks Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Alibaba, Electronic Arts, NVIDIA, Occidental Petroleum, SeaWorld, Yelp and More » Read more: Healthcare Business, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, short interest, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick Counties Where the American Dream Is Dead 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America States Investing the Most and Least in Children Counties That Voted Most Heavily for Trump in Every State Recent Boeing, GE Stocks Sag on Delayed Flight Tests of 737 MAX Snap Craters on Huge Earnings Miss Wednesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Frontier Communications, Fossil Group Drop into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Envestnet Climbs Further on Strong Organic Growth Caesarstone Returns to Growth in the U.S. Market Are Annual Fee Credit Cards Worth Carrying? E.l.f. Beauty sees full-year 2017 adj. EPS 40 cents to 43 cents; FactSet consensus 42 cents E.l.f. shares extend losses, now down 7% in after-hours trade E.l.f. Beauty sees full-year 2017 sales of $285M to $295M; FactSet consensus $291.3M Knocking on the Door of 2400 Warren Buffett's Surprising Investing Advice Bartosiak: Trading Nordstrom's (JWN) Earnings with Options The Latest: Tillerson arrives in Alaska for Arctic meeting Officials from Arctic nations meet amid drilling concerns Comey Infuriated Trump With Refusal to Preview Senate Testimony Woman Says She Was Forced To Pee In A Cup On A United Flight Man Smashes Pie In Airline CEO's Face For Supporting Same-Sex Marriage This Weekend's Blockbusters, 'Snatched' And 'King Arthur,' Are Already Off To A Bad Start Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman World Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Opportunities and Forecasts 2014-2017 & 2022: Leading Companies are Roche, Merck, AstraZeneca, Sanofi-Aventis, Eli Lilly and Co, Pfizer, and Agennix – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „World Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market – Opportunities and Forecasts, 2014 – 2022” report to their offering. The potential drivers for lung cancer therapeutic market include tobacco smoking (including passive smoke), aged population and lifestyle factors. Additionally, innovative and targeted drug delivery to lung is found to be a major driver for the growth of this market. However, high unmet need for diagnosis, availability of large number of generic forms of major drugs and limited treatment options are the critical restrains to the global lung cancer therapeutics market. Chemotherapy and radiation therapy poses bigger challenge of adverse effect. Hence, big players in this market have to focus on innovative therapies and safer therapeutics. The global lung cancer therapeutics market is segmented by therapy into five broad categories, namely Chemotherapy, Targeted therapy and Pipeline drugs, Surgery and Radiotherapy. NSCLC contributes for high prevalence than SCLC. Avastin by Roche was the blockbuster drug for the past few years that accounted for major percentage of the total sale. Other top brands of therapeutics include Gemzar, Taxotere and Tarceva and used for NSCLC. For SCLC treatment, ifosfamide or etoposide is combined with platinum analog and forms standard chemotherapeutic regimen. Many a times, Radiotherapy in combination with chemotherapy, is used as better option before surgery to increase the effectiveness of the treatment. Key Challenge in successful pipeline therapy includes its integration with existing therapy or its superiority over existing therapy. The leading companies in global lung cancer therapeutics market include Roche, Merck, AstraZeneca, Sanofi-Aventis, Eli Lilly and Company, Pfizer, and Agennix AG. Currently, Roche, Agennix AG and Pfizer are ruling the market for global lung cancer therapeutics and expected to capture half of the market share during the forecast period. Decline in sales value of AstraZeneca was attributed to large number of generic drugs entering the market. Eli Lilly has achieved a top position next to AstraZeneca and Sanofi-Aventis due to exceptional sales performance of its key product Alimta. Key Deliverables by Therapy Chemotherapy Taxotere Hycamtin Navelbine Gemzar Alimta Targeted therapy Tarceva Iressa Avastin Pipeline drugs Talactoferrin Dacomitinib Afatinib Erbitux ARQ 197 Ramucirumab Surgery Pneumectomy (Removal of whole lung) Bilobectomy (Removal both lobes) Lobectomy (removal of one lobe) Radiotherapy For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/bfj64v/world_lung_cancer CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wedge Wire Screen Market Driving Factors, Industry Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends Next PostNext Top 5 Automotive Drive Axle Manufacturers Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman World Antihypertensives Market Opportunities and Forecasts, 2022 – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „World Antihypertensives Market – Opportunities and Forecasts, 2014 – 2022” report to their offering. Global antihypertensives market is driven by increased epidemic proportion of hypertension around the world. Changes in lifestyle, food habits and augmented stress levels have largely responsible to increase the number of hypertensive people. The global antihypertensive market is expected to show steady growth during the forecast period due to patent expiration of major antihypertensive drugs. The market could also face the challenges due to increased threat of genericization and growing competition. A steady increase in pulmonary arterial hypertension and use of fixed dose combination therapies is expected to drive the future growth of antihypertensives market. Launch of novel drug therapies with improved safety and efficacy could also boost the market growth in the near future. Pfizer Inc., Novartis AG, Sanofi S.A., Merck & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim, Lupin Limited, Johnson & Johnson Ltd., Astra Zeneca Plc, Daiichi Sankyo Company Limited and Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited, Inc. are some of the key players of global antihypertensives market. Over the past few years, the patent expiration of major brands, namely Revatio, Diovan, Exforge and Avapro has led to high genericization of antihypertensives market. The novel antihypertensive drugs, which are in pipeline research, are expected to partly regain the losses due to patent expiration. These novel therapies include Actos, Macitentan, Riociguat, SPP635, ACT-293987, LCZ696 and others. KEY BENEFITS Comprehensive coverage of global antihypertensives market along with disease overview, market trends, drivers and restraints would provide key insights to market dynamics Thorough attention is given to leading company portfolios, pipeline research, new launches and competitive landscape of top players Explicit information on current clinical trials and R&D activities would be beneficial to understand the future market trends Insightful analysis of different segments helps to recognize and capitalize future opportunities within global antihypertensives market MARKET BY THERAPEUTICS Diuretics Angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors Beta blockers Alpha blockers Calcium channel blockers Renin inhibitors Vasodilators For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/z23ssf/world CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Top 5 Automotive Drive Axle Manufacturers Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Next PostNext Notification of Reporting Changes Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Castleman Disease Treatment Market to Witness Comprehensive Growth by 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research Castleman disease is a rare condition of lymph nodes and similar tissues. This condition occurs when too many non-cancer cells started to grow in the lymph node. After initial growth hard growth started to form. Usually, it occurs in the chest, abdomen or neck. This condition is also called as angiofollicular lymph node hyperplasia. There are no known risk factors for castleman disease, but it usually occur in adults with weakened immune system. There are two types of castleman disease unicentric and multicentric. Unicentric castleman disease affects only a single area or group of lymph nodes while multicentric castleman disease can affect lymphoid tissues around the body. Castleman disease is not life threatening except for the HIV-associated multicentric castleman disease. Castleman Disease Treatment Market : Drivers and Restraints The factor driving the growth of the castleman disease market is the life style. In today’s time, immune system of people is getting weaker due to various life style conditions. Increasing prevalence of AIDS is also driving the growth of castleman disease treatment market. Government support for the development of orphan drugs and allowing premium pricing of these drugs will be helpful in generating high revenue for companies. High unmet need also expected to drive the growth of castleman disease treatment market. Castleman Disease Treatment Market: Segmentation The global castleman disease treatment market can be segmented based on the basis of the therapy type, end user, and region. On the basis of therapy global castleman disease treatment market can be segmented into: Monoclonal Antibodies, Chemotherapy, Radiation Therapy, Immunotherapy, Corticosteroids, Antiviral Drugs On the basis of end users global castleman disease treatment can be segmented into: Hospitals, Clinical, Ambulatory Care Units Castleman Disease Treatment Market: Overview Castleman disease is a rare condition. There are not much of the cases of castleman disease has been recorded yet. Treatment of unicentric castleman disease is surgical removal. But multicentric castleman disease cannot be treated with surgery as number of lymph nodes involved are more, so multicentric castleman disease is usually treated with same therapy as cancer. For multicentric castleman disease medicines or chemotherapy is used to shrink the tumor. Mostly drugs are used in combination for the treatment. Radiotherapy can also be used to destroy affected tissues. Castleman disease treatment market especially antiviral treatment is expected to show growth as cases of HIV-associated castleman disease are increasing and If not treated properly this condition can be life-threatening.  Monoclonal antibodies market is expected to be fastest growing segment due to its targeted effect. Castleman Disease Treatment Market: Region Wise Outlook Geographically, global castleman disease treatment market can be segmented into five regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America segment is expected to be the biggest market for castleman disease treatment over the forecast period. Increasing awareness among physicians regarding this disease is projected to drive this growth. The presence of key players and government policies helping the development of drugs for orphan diseases are also the factor for the growth of this market. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/15709 Castleman Disease Treatment Market: Key Players Some of the market participants in the global castleman disease treatment market are Johnson & Johnson, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Merck & Co. Inc., Pfizer Inc., Hospira Inc., Incyte Corp., and Novartis AG. Currently only Siltuximab by Johnson & Johnson has been approved by FDA specifically for multicentric castleman disease. There is vast opportunity available for companies in this market. Government support for orphan drug development will encourage the companies to develop drugs for castleman disease.  Companies are focusing on research & development and performing clinical trials on already existing anticancer drugs to get approval for their effect against multicentric castleman disease. The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/15709 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsCastleman Disease Treatment Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Navigation Satellite System Market: By Applications – Rail, Maritime, Agriculture, Surveying Next PostNext Commercial and Military Aircraft MRO Market 2017: Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2021 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Soaring Population led to Tremendous Boost of Asia-Pacific Contraceptives Market. Asia-Pacific Contraceptives Market research report, published by Market Data Forecast estimates that the market is growing with a CAGR of 7.2% to reach USD 6.63 billion by 2021, from USD 4.73 billion in 2016, which amounts to a cumulative growth of USD 1.9 billion. Contraceptive is a type of birth control which prevents pregnancy with interference of ovulation, fertilization and implantation processes. To control birth various measures can be taken among which the easiest and simplest measure is contraceptives. View Full Report @ www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-co… A woman’s body performs several processes every month which can potentially lead to pregnancy. Hormonal method is a kind of contraceptive which uses medicines such as birth control pills to prevent ovulation. Barrier method is another kind of contraceptive such as condoms and cervical cap which prevents the sperm by getting to and fertilizing. Spermicides are another kind of contraceptive medications which is in the form of jelly, foam to kill sperms on contact. Internationally, most of the industrialized nations are spending a huge part of their GDP on birth control measures in order to control population. Download Sample Report @ www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-co… The report also presents detailed analysis of multitude of factors affecting the diagnostic imaging market bearing either positive or negative outcomes. Some of those factors are • Avoidance of unwanted pregnancies and its consequences, • Increasing prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases, • Rising population, • Promoting birth control measures, • Side effects on use of contraceptives such as infertility, • Non-availability of contraceptives at backward areas. For granular level understanding the Contraceptives Market is segmented based on drug type and medical devices, each being provided with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts. Based on Drug Type the market is segmented as Contraceptive pills, Topical contraceptives, and Contraceptive injectable, others (contraceptive gels, jellies and creams). Based on Medical Devices it is further segmented into Male contraceptive devices (Condoms), Female contraceptive devices (female condoms, intrauterine devices (Hormonal IUD’s, Copper IUD’s), contraceptive sponges, contraceptive diaphragms, contraceptive patches, subdermal contraceptive implants and non-surgical permanent contraceptive devices). Buy now @ www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/asia-pacific-cont… With India and China being the major economies which have unexplored customer base covered in the study the report also focuses on other regions like Japan, Australia, South Korea and Rest of Asia-Pacific. South Korea is estimated to hold the largest share in Asia-pacific contraceptives market. Some of the key players that operate in the Asia-Pacific Contraceptives market include Pfizer, Bayer Healthcare, Mylan Laboratories, The Female Health Company and Merck & Co. The prevalence of contraceptives in this market is 67%. The Asia- Pacific Contraceptives market report offers wide-range of scope: • Regional and country-level analysis that provides an individual perspective of Asia-Pacific region and the aforementioned countries • Know more about key areas of industry growth via detailed Segment-level analysis on basis of drug type, medical devices, along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations • Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics • Strategic Analyses containing PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses which are obtained by studying the macro & micro environmental factors that affect the market demographics • Comprehensive listing of key market players along with Company overview, product portfolios, financials (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview • Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies • Market Outlook – Investment opportunities devised by stand in experts to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market For more reports related to the Medical Devices Market: • Advanced fusion systems Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-advanced… • Advanced wound care market:www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-advanced… • Asia-Pacific Breathalysers Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-br… • Asia-Pacific Contact Lenses Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-co… • Asia-Pacific CT Scan Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/ct-scan-market-… About Market Data Forecast: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. 502, kakatiya’s empire, Jubilee Gardens, Hyderabad, India. +1-888-702-9626 (U.S. TOLL FREE), contact@marketdataforecast.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lawful Interception Market 2020: Analysis by Key Players, Industry Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Sales Forecast and Supply Demand Next PostNext 2017 Aerospace 3D Printing Industry: Global Trend, Profit, and Key Manufacturers Analysis Report Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
05112017Headline: Drill Bits for Oil & Gas Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2025 – Brisk Insights 6 mins ago Photopolymerization in Medical Application Market – Global Market Size, Share, Trend, Market Growth, Analysis And Industry Forecasts to 2022 18 mins ago Virtual Reality in Healthcare Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2025 – Brisk Insights 21 mins ago PACS and RIS Market Size, Application Analysis, Growth Trends and Forecasts 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights 23 mins ago Spasticity Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2025 – Brisk Insights 25 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Study On Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts Worldwide 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights Global Study On Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitors Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts Worldwide 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights May 10, 2017 | by Rafael Hudson | According to a recently published report, the Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Market is expected to deplete at the CAGR of – 0.6% during 2017-2025. The global angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) is segmented on the basis of application, drug, and geography. The report on global angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) market forecast 2017-2025 (by drugs, applications, and geography) provides a detailed overview and predictive analysis of the market. Full report available Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Market 2017 – 2025 (by drugs, applications, and geography) report at http://www.briskinsights.com/report/angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market Market Insights ACE inhibitors is responsible for blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. The global statistics published by the World Health Organization (WHO) suggests that globally cardiovascular disease is responsible for approximately 17 million deaths a year, nearly one third of the total. Out of these deaths, complications of hypertension account for 9.4 million deaths worldwide every year. ACE inhibitors market can be segmented on the basis of type of drug and application. The type of drug segment comprises of benazepril, captopril, enalapril, fosinopril, lisinopril, moexipril, perindopril, quinapril, ramipril, trandolapril, and combination ACE inhibitors.  The key applications of ACE inhibitors comprises hypertension, coronary artery disease, heart failure, myocardial infarction, diabetes, chronic kidney disorders, and others (scleroderma, migraine, and others). It was observed that around 40% of the market share was owned by hypertension due to rising prevalence of hypertension, high efficacy of ACE inhibitors in hypertension treatment. The geographical segmentation comprises regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further split to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, Brazil, and GCC countries. North America accounted for the largest market share due to key market driving factors such as rising prevalence of cardiovascular and kidney diseases, peaking obesity in the population due to sedentary lifestyle, and supportive reimbursement policies. The other factors responsible for North America’s domination are developed healthcare infrastructure, and high public awareness related to diagnosis, treatment and management of lifestyle diseases. Request Sample: http://www.briskinsights.com/sample-request/482 Scope of the report 1. Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Market, By  Drug Type, 2015–2025 ($ Millon) 1.1. Benazepril 1.2. Captopril 1.3. Enalapril 1.4. Fosinopril 1.5. Lisinopril 1.6. Moexipril 1.7. Perindopril 1.8. Quinapril 1.9. Ramipril 1.10. Trandolapril 1.11. Combination ACE Inhibitors 2. Global Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) Market, By Application, 2015-2025 ($ Millon) 2.1. Hypertension 2.2. Coronary Artery Diseases 2.3. Heart Failure 2.4. Myocardial Infarction 2.5. Diabetes 2.6. Chronic Kidney Disorders 2.7. Others (Scleroderma, Migraine and others) 3. Global Apheresis Equipment Market, By Geography, 2015-2025 ($ Millon) 3.1. North America 3.2. Europe 3.3. Asia Pacific 3.4. Latin America (LATAM) 3.5. Middle East and Africa (MEA) 4. Company Profiles 4.1. Abbott Laboratories 4.2. Pfizer, Inc. 4.3. Novartis AG 4.4. Merck & Co. 4.5. Astra Zeneca plc 4.6. Jhonson and Johnson Limited 4.7. Eli Lilly and Company 4.8. Sanofi SA 4.9. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company 4.10. Bayer AG 4.11. GlaxoSmithKline plc 4.12. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 4.13. Other Notable Players Latest Reports: http://www.briskinsights.com/press-release/global-actinic-keratosis-market http://www.briskinsights.com/press-release/global-wound-care-market http://www.briskinsights.com/press-release/global-intraosseous-devices-market http://www.briskinsights.com/press-release/global-angiotensin-converting-enzyme-ace-inhibitors-market About Us: Brisk Insights is a global Industry research firm. Our insightful analysis is focused on developed and emerging Industrys. We identify trends and forecast Industrys with a view to aid businesses identify Industry opportunities optimize strategies. Working in a highly dynamic and multi-dimensional business makes decision making complex. Effective business decisions are a result of the synthesis of Industry information. Our Research and data analysis is an efficient and cost-effective way of providing robust Industry analysis and can yield highly valuable intelligence relating to consumers, competitors and Industrys. Contact Us: Jennifer Smith Office 1094 109 Vernon House Friar Lane, Nottingham NG16DQ, United Kingdom Phone: +448081890034 (UK) Email: sales@briskinsights.com Website: http://www.briskinsights.com/ Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Drill Bits for Oil & Gas Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2025 – Brisk Insights Photopolymerization in Medical Application Market – Global Market Size, Share, Trend, Market Growth, Analysis And Industry Forecasts to 2022 Virtual Reality in Healthcare Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2025 – Brisk Insights PACS and RIS Market Size, Application Analysis, Growth Trends and Forecasts 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Drill Bits for Oil & Gas Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2025 – Brisk Insights Photopolymerization in Medical Application Market – Global Market Size, Share, Trend, Market Growth, Analysis And Industry Forecasts to 2022 Virtual Reality in Healthcare Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2025 – Brisk Insights PACS and RIS Market Size, Application Analysis, Growth Trends and Forecasts 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights Spasticity Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2025 – Brisk Insights © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Vaccine Market Primary Research, Risk Analysis, Product Research, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Orbis Research The global vaccine market is expected to reach over USD 77.5 billion by 2024, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. The presence of numerous molecules in the pipeline is anticipated to meet the demand for efficient vaccines. These include vaccines for chest infection, tuberculosis, malaria, and dengue. Most of the key players are actively leveraging on their vaccine development technologies to launch novel preventative solutions with an objective to increase their market share. For instance, Pfizer, Inc. is involved in the development of vaccines to prevent severe infections caused by Meningococcal B, Clostridium difficile, and Staphylococcus aureus. Browse the report: www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/vaccine-market-analys… Furthermore, the broad coalition of governments, worldwide, working to promote the awareness of vaccination benefits through immunization programs with the objective of containing the propagation of communicable diseases that are associated with high morbidity and mortality is expected to stimulate the market growth. For instance, the ‘Immunize Australia Program’ sponsors the immunization of individuals, which acts as a preventative action in preventing disease occurrence and checks rampant disease transmission thus protecting millions of Australians from severe diseases. Another program that has been involved in achieving extensive immunization coverage on the Indian continent is the National Immunization Program, a government program that has focused on taking strong preventive measures to offset vaccine-preventable diseases, particularly in children. Request a sample of the report: www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/106381 Further key findings from the study suggest: The inactivated vaccine type segment was estimated to have over 14.5% market share in 2015 owing to the related advantages including easy storage and transport due to the highly stable nature of these vaccines. In December 2015, Sanofi Pasteur, Inc. launched a new trivalent, inactivated polio vaccine in India. The DNA vaccine segment is presumed to be the fastest growing type over the forecast period owing to the ease of production compared to the cell-based vaccines and the promising, targeted immunization outcomes coupled with the continual developments in the biotechnology area. Other advantages associated are ease of production, long lasting immunogenicity, and no risk of reversion. The cancer application segment is expected to witness the fastest growth with a CAGR of over 11.8% in the vaccinations market majorly attributable to the need for immunization against cancer coupled with the increasing prevalence of various types of cancer, such as cervical and colorectal cancers. North America dominated the market in terms of revenue with over USD 12 billion in 2015, due mainly to the presence of extensive research and development activities and the existence of key participants of the industry in this region Asia Pacific is identified to witness a lucrative growth with a CAGR of around 10.7% during the forecast period due to the growing population base and the increasing economic growth of countries, such as China, Japan, and India. Moreover, the availability of skilled labors at a lower cost and the low manufacturing operations cost provide a platform for clinical trial outsourcing of the vaccinations under development to expedite commercialization. Leading players in this industry, among others are, Merck & Co., Inc., Emergent BioSolutions, Inc., Johnson and Johnson, Sanofi Pasteur, Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, CSL Ltd., and GlaxoSmithKline Plc. Other prominent players include Abbott Laboratories, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd., and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. In April 2016, VBI vaccines, Inc. entered into a collaborative agreement with Sanofi Pasteur, Inc. to employ its “Lipid Particle Vaccine” formulation technology to better the stability of the Sanofi vaccines. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Hemophilia Market Projections, SWOT Analysis, Risk Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Next PostNext Global Scandium Metal 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Vaccine Market Primary Research, Risk Analysis, Product Research, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Orbis Research The global vaccine market is expected to reach over USD 77.5 billion by 2024, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. The presence of numerous molecules in the pipeline is anticipated to meet the demand for efficient vaccines. These include vaccines for chest infection, tuberculosis, malaria, and dengue. Most of the key players are actively leveraging on their vaccine development technologies to launch novel preventative solutions with an objective to increase their market share. For instance, Pfizer, Inc. is involved in the development of vaccines to prevent severe infections caused by Meningococcal B, Clostridium difficile, and Staphylococcus aureus. Browse the report: www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/vaccine-market-analys… Furthermore, the broad coalition of governments, worldwide, working to promote the awareness of vaccination benefits through immunization programs with the objective of containing the propagation of communicable diseases that are associated with high morbidity and mortality is expected to stimulate the market growth. For instance, the ‘Immunize Australia Program’ sponsors the immunization of individuals, which acts as a preventative action in preventing disease occurrence and checks rampant disease transmission thus protecting millions of Australians from severe diseases. Another program that has been involved in achieving extensive immunization coverage on the Indian continent is the National Immunization Program, a government program that has focused on taking strong preventive measures to offset vaccine-preventable diseases, particularly in children. Request a sample of the report: www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/106381 Further key findings from the study suggest: The inactivated vaccine type segment was estimated to have over 14.5% market share in 2015 owing to the related advantages including easy storage and transport due to the highly stable nature of these vaccines. In December 2015, Sanofi Pasteur, Inc. launched a new trivalent, inactivated polio vaccine in India. The DNA vaccine segment is presumed to be the fastest growing type over the forecast period owing to the ease of production compared to the cell-based vaccines and the promising, targeted immunization outcomes coupled with the continual developments in the biotechnology area. Other advantages associated are ease of production, long lasting immunogenicity, and no risk of reversion. The cancer application segment is expected to witness the fastest growth with a CAGR of over 11.8% in the vaccinations market majorly attributable to the need for immunization against cancer coupled with the increasing prevalence of various types of cancer, such as cervical and colorectal cancers. North America dominated the market in terms of revenue with over USD 12 billion in 2015, due mainly to the presence of extensive research and development activities and the existence of key participants of the industry in this region Asia Pacific is identified to witness a lucrative growth with a CAGR of around 10.7% during the forecast period due to the growing population base and the increasing economic growth of countries, such as China, Japan, and India. Moreover, the availability of skilled labors at a lower cost and the low manufacturing operations cost provide a platform for clinical trial outsourcing of the vaccinations under development to expedite commercialization. Leading players in this industry, among others are, Merck & Co., Inc., Emergent BioSolutions, Inc., Johnson and Johnson, Sanofi Pasteur, Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, CSL Ltd., and GlaxoSmithKline Plc. Other prominent players include Abbott Laboratories, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd., and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. In April 2016, VBI vaccines, Inc. entered into a collaborative agreement with Sanofi Pasteur, Inc. to employ its “Lipid Particle Vaccine” formulation technology to better the stability of the Sanofi vaccines. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Hemophilia Market Projections, SWOT Analysis, Risk Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Next PostNext Global Scandium Metal 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Vaccine Market Primary Research, Risk Analysis, Product Research, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Orbis Research The global vaccine market is expected to reach over USD 77.5 billion by 2024, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. The presence of numerous molecules in the pipeline is anticipated to meet the demand for efficient vaccines. These include vaccines for chest infection, tuberculosis, malaria, and dengue. Most of the key players are actively leveraging on their vaccine development technologies to launch novel preventative solutions with an objective to increase their market share. For instance, Pfizer, Inc. is involved in the development of vaccines to prevent severe infections caused by Meningococcal B, Clostridium difficile, and Staphylococcus aureus. Browse the report: www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/vaccine-market-analys… Furthermore, the broad coalition of governments, worldwide, working to promote the awareness of vaccination benefits through immunization programs with the objective of containing the propagation of communicable diseases that are associated with high morbidity and mortality is expected to stimulate the market growth. For instance, the ‘Immunize Australia Program’ sponsors the immunization of individuals, which acts as a preventative action in preventing disease occurrence and checks rampant disease transmission thus protecting millions of Australians from severe diseases. Another program that has been involved in achieving extensive immunization coverage on the Indian continent is the National Immunization Program, a government program that has focused on taking strong preventive measures to offset vaccine-preventable diseases, particularly in children. Request a sample of the report: www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/106381 Further key findings from the study suggest: The inactivated vaccine type segment was estimated to have over 14.5% market share in 2015 owing to the related advantages including easy storage and transport due to the highly stable nature of these vaccines. In December 2015, Sanofi Pasteur, Inc. launched a new trivalent, inactivated polio vaccine in India. The DNA vaccine segment is presumed to be the fastest growing type over the forecast period owing to the ease of production compared to the cell-based vaccines and the promising, targeted immunization outcomes coupled with the continual developments in the biotechnology area. Other advantages associated are ease of production, long lasting immunogenicity, and no risk of reversion. The cancer application segment is expected to witness the fastest growth with a CAGR of over 11.8% in the vaccinations market majorly attributable to the need for immunization against cancer coupled with the increasing prevalence of various types of cancer, such as cervical and colorectal cancers. North America dominated the market in terms of revenue with over USD 12 billion in 2015, due mainly to the presence of extensive research and development activities and the existence of key participants of the industry in this region Asia Pacific is identified to witness a lucrative growth with a CAGR of around 10.7% during the forecast period due to the growing population base and the increasing economic growth of countries, such as China, Japan, and India. Moreover, the availability of skilled labors at a lower cost and the low manufacturing operations cost provide a platform for clinical trial outsourcing of the vaccinations under development to expedite commercialization. Leading players in this industry, among others are, Merck & Co., Inc., Emergent BioSolutions, Inc., Johnson and Johnson, Sanofi Pasteur, Inc., Pfizer, Inc., Novartis AG, CSL Ltd., and GlaxoSmithKline Plc. Other prominent players include Abbott Laboratories, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd., and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. In April 2016, VBI vaccines, Inc. entered into a collaborative agreement with Sanofi Pasteur, Inc. to employ its “Lipid Particle Vaccine” formulation technology to better the stability of the Sanofi vaccines. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Hemophilia Market Projections, SWOT Analysis, Risk Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Next PostNext Global Scandium Metal 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Inspur InCloud OS 5.0 „F.A.S.T” Release at the 2017 OpenStack Summit, Boston Continuous Manufacturing Industry 2017-2022 Manufacturers (Bosch Packaging Technology, Scott Equipment Company,) | Orbis Research Cabbage Red Market advancing the growth Worldwide: Market dynamics, trends, efficiencies Forecast 2021 2017 to 2022 Global and Chinese VGA Radiator Market Research Analysis Report Etrion to Present First Quarter 2017 Results on May 15, 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Squalene Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Orbis Research The global squalene market is expected to reach USD 271.5 million by 2024, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Increasing demand for squalene in food supplements and skin creams will propel market growth over the forecast period. Growing demand for male grooming products including skin care and anti-aging creams will promote industry expansion. Browse the report: www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/squalene-market-analy… Increasing demand for dietary supplements in the U.S., China, India, Russia, Italy, and Brazil will drive the demand for squalene in food applications resulting in volume gains at a 10.7% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Furthermore, several health benefits ranging from oxygen generation and superior immune response to cholesterol regulation and UV protection will fuel product demand over the forecast period. Aging population, increasing self-diagnosis among general consumers, and growing awareness regarding preventative health care will create immense market potential over the upcoming years. The growth of the nutraceutical industry in various countries including France, China, India, Japan, Italy and the UK will lead to squalene market development. Increasing demand for vegetable-based products for cancer therapies will fuel market growth over the forecast period. Request a sample of the report: www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/106383 Further key findings from the report suggest The global squalene market demand was 2,973.0 tons in 2015 and is expected to witness growth at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2016 to 2024 Synthetic squalene will see the highest revenue gains at a CAGR of 11.0% from 2016 to 2024 in light of rising usage in cosmetics owing to its superior moisturizing properties along with stable and consistent composition North America market was valued at USD 24.6 million in 2015 and will show a significant rise in light of its rising demand in dietary supplements. Increasing focus towards maintaining a healthy lifestyle is expected to augment the demand for dietary supplements, in turn, bolstering squalene industry growth. Growing demand for pharmaceuticals owing to the prevalence of key players including Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, and Merck & Co. along with rising R&D expenditure in the U.S. and Mexico will propel market growth. Latin America will witness significant revenue gains at a CAGR of 10.5% from 2016 to 2024 in light of rising demand for beauty products in Brazil, Colombia, Uruguay, Ecuador, and Chile. Rising disposable incomes, changing beauty trends & standards, along with increasing investment in personal care products will drive industry expansion over the next eight years. Key industry participants include Amyris Biotechnologies, AASHA BIOCHEM, EmpresaFigueirense De Pesca, Lda, Maruha Nichiro Corporation, Arista Industries Inc, Sophim and Nucelis LLC. In April 2015, Amyris Biotechnologies entered into a partnership with Squalan Natural Health B.V. to manufacture NeossanceSqualane for personal care products. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious GLOBAL Online K-12 Education Market 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext California Lawyers for the Arts honors Leaders with Artistic License Awards and Celebrates 30 Years of Service in LA. Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Proteins in Oncology Market Projected to Gain Significant Value by 2023 Global Protein in Oncology Market Oncology is the branch of medical science dealing with cancer research and treatment. There are several research facilities and universities identifying unique proteins in oncology for developing diagnostics. Several studies are underway to discover new proteins that play a role in cancer. Currently there are a number of companies and/or their collaborators engaged in developing several protein drugs in cancer. Surgical treatments and radiation therapy, though effective at treating primary tumors, are not found to be successful in detecting metastatic tumor cells and those flowing in the bloodstream, making treatment of these cancer cells very difficult. Cancer is one of the largest causes of death worldwide and finding leads to cure or control the disease is one of the primary goals of governments globally. This report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Proteins in Oncology Market. Browse to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/proteins-oncology-mark… Global Protein in Oncology Market: Segmentation The global proteins in oncology market has been segmented based on protein type and geography. Protein types include recombinant non-glycosylated proteins, recombinant glycosylated proteins and recombinant peptides. Geographically, North America and Europe lead the global proteins in oncology market thanks to the very stringent regulatory environment for clearing the products. Asia-Pacific countries such as China and India are estimated to be the fastest-growing markets. South Korea and Brazil are also poised to register high growth in the coming years due to boost in biosimilars market. The services that can be provided in the global proteins in oncology market include contract research organizations and contract manufacturing organizations. Global Protein in Oncology Market: Drivers and Restraints Worldwide increase in the prevalence of cancer and the rising awareness of the therapeutic and commercial opportunities offered by new oncology treatments have provided a major incentive for the pharmaceutical industry to pursue the development of new agents for the treatment of cancer. Proteins or peptide drugs are usually required to be administered only by injection due to their large and labile nature. Peptide drugs are used effectively in monitoring various tumors and related therapies. They selectively are known to bind responsive versus unresponsive tumors. Therefore, this advantage associated with the use of peptides assists their use in assessing tumor response and evaluating its effectiveness in cancer therapy. The main challenge for the newer generation of recombinant drugs seems to be the new route of administration, new formulations and consequently even higher efficiency and safety. Though the parenteral route of administration is the most common, there are advances being made to deliver medicines through the oral route, which is considered to be the most preferred one due to better patient compliance. Recently new research has demonstrated that attaching a cancer killer protein to white blood cells annihilates metastasis. Isolation of a protein named as TRAIL by researchers at Cornell University in the U.S. demonstrated killing of cancer cells on contact. The TRAIL protein is binded with leukocytes (white blood cells) that are present across the bloodstream. The cancer cell is essentially known to kill itself when it comes in contact with TRAIL protein. The mechanism has been surprising and unexpectedly effective as compared to targeting the cancer cells with liposomes. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Proteins in Oncology Market by 2023: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Global Protein in Oncology Market: Competitive Landscape Analysis The key players contributing to the global proteins in oncology market include Actavis, Inc., Biocon Ltd., Celltrion, Inc., Dr. Reddys Laboratories Ltd., Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Hospira, Inc., Merck, Mylan, Inc., Roche Holding Ltd., Sandoz, Teva Pharmaceuticals and Wockhardt Ltd. Expansion of product portfolio enables these companies to gain a competitive advantage over other players in the market. Strengthening of market position by extensive investments in research and development is also one of the business strategies undertaken by the key players. A lot of research is still to be carried out in the protein recombinant drugs in oncology market which will come along with years of efforts and high risk. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blood Preparation Market to Develop Rapidly by 2024 Next PostNext Global Glycolic Acid Market Analysis, Segmentation, Competitors Analysis, Product Research, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Medical Home Life Sciences Home Search Medical Home Life Sciences Home About News Health A-Z Drugs Medical Devices Thought Leaders Insights Newsletters More... MediKnowledge Series Health & Personal Care White Papers Twitter Channels Contact Meet the Team Advertise Search Medical Home Life Sciences Home About News Life Sciences A-Z White Papers Lab Instruments & Equipment Contact More... Thought Leaders Insights Newsletters Twitter Channels Meet the Team Advertise Search Newsletters MediKnowledge Health & Personal Care White Papers Twitter Channels Contact Meet the Team Advertise Search Contact Thought Leaders Insights Newsletters Twitter Channels Meet the Team Advertise Search Menu Three TSRI scientists receive awards from Royal Society of Chemistry Download PDF Copy May 10, 2017 Three chemists from The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI)- Dale Boger, Jin-Quan Yu and Phil Baran- have received awards from the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC), a renowned professional organization for chemists based in the United Kingdom, with more than 54,000 members worldwide. Dale Boger, co-chair of the Department of Chemistry at TSRI, was awarded the 2017 Robert Robinson Award of the RSC's Organic Division. The award honors his groundbreaking studies in natural product synthesis, which could lead to new therapeutic treatments for challenging clinical needs. "I am very honored and humbled to receive the RSC Robert Robinson Award, which has such a distinguished list of prior award winners," Boger said. Jin-Quan Yu, Frank and Bertha Hupp Professor of Chemistry at TSRI, received the 2017 Pedler Award from the RSC's Organic Division in recognition of his development of pioneering methods of C-H activation, a technique in chemistry that can lead to new pharmaceuticals and other natural products. "I hope these new reactions will accelerate the discovery and synthesis of useful molecules, especially medicines," said Yu, who received his Ph.D. in the U.K. at the University of Cambridge and served as a Royal Society fellow. "It gives me a warm feeling to be recognized by the U.K. scientific community that I was part of for 10 years." Phil Baran, the Darlene Shiley Professor of Chemistry at TSRI, received the RSC's 2017 Merck, Sharp & Dohme Award, which honors contributions to any area of organic chemistry from a researcher under the age of 45. Baran's work focuses on developing new chemical reactions and methodologies for more efficient and economically viable routes in drug design. Baran credited his lab members for his success so far. "This award is a recognition of the students and postdoctoral scholars who work tirelessly to invent useful chemistry," Baran said. In addition to £2,000 and a medal, all three awards include a lecture tour in the U.K. Source: http://www.scripps.edu/news/press/2017/20170509rscawards.html 631ad876-2d3e-4d64-a418-a41351acc80c|0|.0 Posted in: Healthcare News | Pharmaceutical News Tags: Arthritis, Cancer, Hemophilia, Rheumatoid Arthritis Comments (0) Download PDF Copy Prior News Most Philadelphia home kitchens contain at least one foodborne pathogen, study finds Next News Scientists aim to revolutionize asthma treatment by replacing inhalers with new drug Read in: EnglishEspañolFrançaisDeutschPortuguêsItaliano日本語한국어简体中文繁體中文NederlandsРусскийSvenskaPolski Comments The opinions expressed here are the views of the writer and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of News-Medical.Net. Cancel reply to comment Post a new comment Login     (Logout) Post Advertisement Trending Stories Latest Interviews Top Health Articles Outdated health myths practiced by grand parents could pose serious risks to young children Survey: One in three American adults could have experienced sign of warning stroke Paternal age at conception may affect social skills of children, study suggests Stroke prevention strategy may reduce incidence of dementia among older adults Research in people with IBS shows link between gut microbiota and brain regions How does acne affect self-confidence? Dr. Anjali Mahto Three in five teenagers surveyed by the British Skin Foundation reported ‘a fall in self-confidence’ as the biggest impact that acne has on their lives. From my experience as a dermatologist I find that those with acne can often feel unsupported, socially isolated and become withdrawn. Advancing safety in healthcare products Joanne Waldstreicher, M.D True benefit from healthcare products requires an unrelenting focus on patient- and consumer-centered safety, a principle that is at the heart of J&J’s Credo and is embodied in the mission of the Office of the Chief Medical Officer (OCMO). Healthcare cuts linked to spike in mortality in England and Wales? Professor Martin McKee and Dr Lucinda Hiam Deaths in 2015 increased by 5.6% compared to 2014, with 28,231 more deaths recorded. This is the biggest percentage increase for over 50 years, and third biggest since WWII. Fast 5:2 Diet Evidence Skin Cysts (Sebaceous Cyst) What Causes Conjunctivitis? Probiotics and IBS Strategies to Improve Cataract Surgery Outcomes Latest News Sangamo Therapeutics and Pfizer team up for development of Hemophilia A gene therapy Study generates comprehensive catalog of diseases linked to variations in HLA genes Study: Brain region that helps manage body functions reacts differently between men and women Researchers identify cells that drive autoimmune disease Study explores use of beetroot juice as targeted treatment option for people with heart disease Newsletters you may be interested in Allergy (Subscribe or Preview) Cerebral Palsy Ebola Virus (Subscribe or Preview) See all Newsletters » Medical Links Medical Home News Health A-Z Thought Leaders Insights MediKnowledge Series Health & Personal Care Medical Devices Drugs Life Sciences Links Life Sciences Home News Lab Instruments & Equipment Life Sciences A-Z White Papers Other Useful Links About Meet the Team Search Newsletters Twitter Channels Advertise Contact Facebook Twitter Google Plus News-Medical.Net provides this medical information service in accordance with these terms and conditions. Please note that medical information found on this website is designed to support, not to replace the relationship between patient and physician/doctor and the medical advice they may provide. This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here. News-Medical.net - An AZoNetwork Site Owned and operated by AZoNetwork, © 2000-2017 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more. x
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Growth Analysis & Projections Forecast to 2024 Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Overview Tropical spastic paraparesis (TSP) also called as HTLV-1–associated myelopathy (HAM) is a type of tropical myeloneuropathies caused by the human T-lymphotrophic virus 1 (HTLV-1). Although initially described in tropical countries, TSP has also been found in temperate regions such as southern Japan. HTLV-1 virus belongs to the Retroviridae family, and preferentially infects CD4 lymphoid cells. The virus has been known to cause certain kinds of leukemia and lymphoma and is transmitted through exposure to infected blood, sexual contact, and use of illegal intravenous drugs. As the virus is also known to spread through breast milk, mothers infected with HTLV-1 virus must avoid breast feeding. This report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market. Browse to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tropical-spastic-parap… According to an article published in the journal Frontiers in Microbiology in 2012, the HTLV-1 virus is prevalent in certain regions including the Southwestern part of Japan, sub-Saharan Africa and South America, the Caribbean area, and certain areas of Middle East and Australo-Melanesia. The study also estimates that 5 million to 10 million individuals have been affected globally with HTLV1 virus, however various other publications estimate the global prevalence of 10 million to 20 million. HTLV-1-associated myelopathy mostly affects the spinal cord, and results in an upper motor neurone syndrome, that usually affects lower limbs. Spastic paraparesis or paraplegia is the main characteristic of the infection. Tropical spastic paraparesis results in demyelination, inflammation and necrotic lesions in spinal cord. The progressive disease is associated with degeneration of neurons in the spinal cord, and results in gradual paralysis of the lower limbs. Other rare symptoms include optic atrophy, reduced ankle reflex and cranial nerve lesions. An article published in journal Revue Neurologique in 2012, more than 90% of the tropical spastic paraparesis cases, the neurological features involved urinary bladder disturbance, spasticity and/or hyperreflexia of the lower extremities, and lower extremity muscle weakness. Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Product and Treatment Landscape Various immunoassay kits are available for diagnosis of HTLV-1 virus. Companies manufacturing such diagnostic kits include MP Biomedicals LLC, Fujirebio, Inc., Quest Diagnostics, DiaSorin S.p.A. Although the disease cannot be cured completely, medications are available for management of symptoms. Corticosteroids such as methylprednisolone are prescribed to decrease the inflammation of the spinal cord, while pain is treated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications. Symptoms of urinary dysfunction can be treated by prescribing darifenacin, oxybutynin, tamsulosin, terazosin, and other drugs which reduce the activity of bladder muscles. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) is currently conducting phase I clinical trials for Hu MiK-Beta-1. The investigational drug is monoclonal antibody directed toward IL-2/IL-15R-Beta Subunit which blocks IL-15 action. Washington University School of Medicine in association with Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. is also conducting phase II trials for Raltegravir. Various other institutes are also conducting research programs for discovering new and effective treatment options for Tropical spastic paraparesis. Scientists have also tried antiretroviral agents for treatment of HTLV-1 infections. Gradual progress in the research activities is expected to launch more treatment drugs and expand the market in the future. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market by 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Due to low and restricted geographical prevalence of the disease, the market for tropical spastic paraparesis is small. Government initiative for increasing awareness of the disease and its available treatment may curb the spread of infections. Lack of sufficient information on geographical prevalence, and epidemiology has restricted the research activities. These factors will also be responsible for a slower global market growth. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TGS and PGS Continue to Build Multi-client Library Offshore Eastern Canada Next PostNext LHV Groupi 2017. aasta aprilli tulemused Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Flea & Tick Products Market to Expand Rapidly Due to Increasing Number of Pet-Owning Households and Rising Disposable Income of the Population Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — The global market for flea and tick products is estimated to register a significant growth rate in the coming years due to rising count of indulgent pet parents, increasing number of pets and swelling demand for premium pet products and services. This rapidly expanding global market for flea & tick products is the focus of a new market intelligence report added to the vast online repository of Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE). This market report is titled as „Flea & Tick Products Market -Global Industry Analysis, Size, Growth, Share, Trends and Forecast 2016–2024″. The report identifies risks and opportunities in the market and highlights updates as well as in-depth insights regarding various segments and sub-segments of the global flea & tick products market. Request for Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/1850 This report is a collection of first-hand data, in-depth study by industry researchers, inputs from industry insiders and industry participants across the value chain of the industry. It provides a detailed analysis of market trends, micro- & macro-economic indicators and governing aspects, along with market attractiveness analysis for different segments of the industry. The report has been prepared through comprehensive primary and secondary research. Market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, challenges and opportunities faced by the market participants are examined in detail within the scope of the report. As per the key findings of the report, the global market for flea and tick products is likely to record an impressive growth rate within the next few years. Increasing number of pet-owning households and rising disposable income of the population are expected to drive the growth of this market. A comprehensive view of the global flea & tick products market is provided by segregating the market on the basis of type, application and geographical region. Geographically, the major regions studied in the report are North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. Among these regions, North America holds the largest market share, followed by Europe. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/flea-tick-products-market Some of the key players operating in the global market are Intervet Inc., Virbac Animal Health Inc., Farnam, Sergeant’s Pet Care Products Inc., Wellmark International Inc., Hartz Pet Products & Supplies, Bayer Healthcare LLC, Phaeton Corporation, Ecto Development Corporation, Merial Limited, Pet Logic LLC, Novartis Animal Health, Andrew M Martin Co. NV. Inc., Ceva Animal Health LLC. and LoradoChem Inc About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Follow Us on LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Follow Us On Twitter-https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Cooper Companies to Present at Jefferies Healthcare Conference Next PostNext Coupa Software to Report First Quarter Financial Results on June 5, 2017 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Buy Generic Medications :: Order Cheap Indocin Generic Online :: Foreign Online Pharmacy Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 10 de Maio de 2017 Order Cheap Indocin Generic Online Generic Indocin Best Place To Purchase Generic Indocin Over The Counter. Indocin (indomethacin) is used for treating moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. It is used to treat gout or certain types of bursitis and tendonitis. Generic Indocin is a cost-saving medication prescribed by medical physicians worldwide. Generic Indocin may also be marketed as: Indomethacin, Indometacin, Indocin SR. *Indocin® is manufactured by Merck & Co. Rating 4.6 stars, based on 107 comments Price start from $0.39 Per pill Use this link to Order Generic Indocin (Indomethacin) NOW! Indocin Cost Prescription Cheapest Place To Buy Indomethacin Where To Order Online Indocin Uk Where To Purchase Online Indocin Australia Billig Cheap Indocin Denmark Cheap Indomethacin Generic Buy Indomethacin Generics Buy Line Buy Cheap Indocin San Francisco Cheap Indomethacin Buy Acheter Indomethacin Toute Confiance Acheter Cheap Indocin Ny Cheap Indocin Fedex Acheter Du Indocin Sur Internet Buy Online Indocin Detroit Where To Buy Generic Indocin Houston Indocin Originale Costi Purchase Cheap Indocin Europe Order Indomethacin Pills Purchase Cheap Indocin Sydney cheap Hytrin greensavers.sapo.ao Purchase Generic Indocin Italy Buy Indomethacin Or Indomethacin Order Indomethacin Online Legal Order Online Indocin Zürich Indocin Online Genuine To Buy Acheter Indomethacin Sans Ordonnance Best Buy Generic Indocin Chicago Indocin Where To Order Buy Indomethacin Indomethacin No Prescription Buy Indocin Online Cheapest Order Indocin Online Cheap Cheap Indomethacin Over Internet Buy Generic Indocin Finland Buy Indomethacin Otc Indomethacin Purchase Without Prescription Where To Buy Generic Indocin Sydney Achat Generic Indocin Finland Buy Online Indocin Paris Buy Online Indocin Canada Indocin Online Purchase Original Indomethacin For Sale Achat Indocin Angleterre Beställ Generic Indocin Australia Combien Cheap Indocin Angleterre Achat Cheap Indocin Belgium Where To Order Online Indocin Suisse Costo Indocin Once Day Order Online Indocin England Cheap Indomethacin Sale Generic Indomethacin To Buy Order Indocin Line Combien Online Indocin Netherlands Buy Cheap Indocin Seattle Cheapest Indomethacin For Sale Buy Indomethacin Purchase Order Online Indocin Los Angeles Cheapest Generic Indomethacin Achat Online Indocin New York Buy Cheap Indocin Zürich Indocin Cheaper Best Indomethacin Buy Online Indomethacin Very Cheap Achat Online Indocin Phoenix Buy Indocin Now Online With Mastercard Indocin Where To Buy Online Indomethacin Genuine Sale Acheter Indocin Ligne Livraison Rapide Buying Canadian Indocin Is Cheap Indocin Safe Indocin Cheap Review Where To Order Generic Indocin Sydney Where To Buy Cheap Indocin Sydney Order Cheap Indocin Us Buy Cheap Indomethacin Generic Indomethacin Tablet Buy Ou Acheter Indocin En Pharmacie Buy Indocin Where Indocin Purchases Generic Indomethacin Order Cost Of Indocin Pills Indocin What Is The Cost With Insurance Indocin Ligne Achat Achat Generic Indocin España Order Generic Indocin Netherlands Gb Generic Indocin Where To Purchase Moins Cher Apcalis jelly Tadalafil buy Viagra Soft Ordonner Advair Diskus En Ligne Bon Marche buy Apcalis jelly generic Omnicef 2jR6rI Related Posts Generico Tadacip Acquistare – Bonus per ogni ordine Cheapest Periactin 4 mg. The Best Online Prices. Cheap Pharmacy No Prescription Angola assinala Dia Internacional para a Protecção da Camada do Ozono com workshop Économisez temps et coûts. Ou Acheter Mebeverine. Avec Prescription Mail Order Avana compare prices – Fda Approved Health Products – Best Pharmacy To Order Generics Good Quality Drugs – Order Cheapest Cymbalta Generic pills – Bonus Free Shipping Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Peut On Acheter Du Doxepin hydrochloride En Pharmacie... Anterior Where To Buy 400 mg Noroxin. Guaranteed Shipping. Safe... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Glaucoma Therapeutics Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 5.67 Bn In Terms Of Value By 2025 – Credence Research New Market Research Reports Title “Glaucoma Therapeutics Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 5.67 Bn In Terms Of Value By 2025 – Credence Research” Has Been Added to Credenceresearch.com Report Database. According to the latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Glaucoma Therapeutics  Market – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025” the global Glaucoma Therapeutics  market was valued at US$ 4.42 Bn in 2016, and is expected to reach US$ 5.67 Bn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of  2.8% from 2017 to 2025. Browse the full report Glaucoma Therapeutics Market – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017 – 2025 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/glaucoma-therapeutics-market Market Insights Glaucoma is chronic, degenerative disorder that damages the eye’s optic nerve that may result in vision loss and blindness. Glaucoma therapeutics is rapidly growing due to factors such as increase in prevalence of eye disorders around the world, significant unmet needs and rise in the incidence of age-related eye diseases contributing to the market growth of glaucoma therapeutics globally. For the purpose of study, global glaucoma therapeutics market is segmented on the basis of drug class such as prostaglandins analogs, beta blockers, alpha-adrenergic agonists, carbonic anhydrase inhibitors and fixed-dose combinations. It is observed that, in the base year 2016, prostaglandins analogs t was the highest contributing market segment. Prostaglandins analogs generally are given as first line therapy and higher adherence to the treatment are driving the market growth of prostaglandins analogs worldwide. Glaucoma therapeutics market is currently dominated by North America -. Factors such as higher cost of therapy and glaucoma being the second leading cause of blindness in the US are the factors driving the market growth in North America. Currently, Asia Pacific is not major revenue generating segment it is anticipated that Asia Pacific will show highest CAGR during forecast period. Factors such as increasing healthcare awareness, continuous economic development and developing healthcare infrastructure would drive the market growth during forecast period. Market Competition Assessment: The Glaucoma Therapeutics market is observed to be highly competitive and comprises large number of players. However, the market is currently dominated by few players such as Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Akorn, Inc., Allergan plc., Bausch & Lomb Incorporated, Inotek Pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., Santen Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd., Teva Pharmaceuticals and other. Key Market Movements: Factors such as higher prevalence glaucoma disorder, increasing public awareness for treatment, improved diagnostic techniques, favorable reimbursement policies in some countries and high degree of R&D activity in development of glaucoma therapeutics are driving the market growth. Due to the high unmet needs, vendors in the market are focusing on innovation and technological advances in treatment, this would further influence the market growth of glaucoma therapeutics globally. However, patent expiry of major approved drugs leads to generic erosion, poor patient compliance to medication and adverse effects associated with the use of medication which would negatively impacting market growth of glaucoma therapeutics. Related Reports: Nucleic Acid Testing Market Gynecology Surgical Instruments Market About Credence Research: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Blog URL – http://www.mobilecomputingtoday.co.uk/5339/glaucoma-therapeutics-market-expected-reach-5-67-terms-value-2025-credence-research/ Media Contact Company Name: Credence Research Contact Person: Chris Smith, Global Sales Manager Email: sales@credenceresearch.com Phone: +1-800-361-8290 Address:105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US City: SAN JOSE State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/glaucoma-therapeutics-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Hospitality, Marketing & Sales, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Procalcitonin Market by Top Manufacturers, Growth, Emerging Trends, Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Licorice Extract Market: Market Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts by 2022 Search Recent Posts Admission to Trading on AIM Prednisolone Hemisuccinate Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Optical Transponder Market Global Analysis Industry Research, scope, size, forecast 2017-2022 Laser Rangefinder Market 2017-2022 Forecasting witness to growth, opportunity Prasugrel Hydrobromide Market Report: Driving Factors, Market Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Immunomodulators Market – Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2025 Immunomodulators are referred to as the medications that are used for the regulation or for normalizing the immune system. They are the active agents used in immunotherapy. Immunotherapy refers to treating a disease by suppressing, enhancing, or inducing an immune response. Immunomodulatory regimens at times have few side effects that the existing drugs that have less potential for a resistance cover while treating a microbial disease. Immunomodulators are assorted arrays of natural, synthetic, and recombinant preparations. Applications of immunomodulators include rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn’s disease, and multiple sclerosis, among others. Substantial untapped opportunities along with development of new drugs to meet the unmet the needs and anticipated product launches are likely to create pave way for future growth prospects. The report is an investigation in the growth of the global immunomodulatory market over the last couple of years and in the coming years. The market research publication further reasons out the causes of the changes in the market across the globe. It does this so by presenting an evaluation of the dynamics and the trends prevalent from the last few years and the ones that are likely to retain an impact during the forecast period. The Porter’s five forces analysis is being taken into consideration for the analysts to provide a clear view of the vendor landscape to the readers. Mergers, agreements, acquisitions, and other partnerships have also been highlighted in the report. The study further delves into the working of the various leading companies along with the information on the products, strategies, and shares of the companies in question. Request a Brochure of the Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=1265 Global Immunomodulators Market: Trends and Opportunities The global market for immunomodualtors is expected to grow exponentially over the forecast period owing to the rising cases of chronic diseases such as multiple sclerosis, allergic conditions, cancer, and asthma. Additionally, the growing employment of early immunomodulatory therapy for treating Crohn’s disease is further expected to bode well for the growth of the market in the coming years. High remission rate and less organ rejection incidents render immunomodulator therapy as a promising alternative. The generation of advanced biological response modifiers is growing significantly owing to the rising incidences of multiple sclerosis across the globe, thus benefitting the immunomodulators market in return. With immunomodualtors posing the risk of less side effects as compared to existing drugs, its market is expected to expand extensively over the coming years. The global market for immunomodulators is also expected to expand over the years owing to the presence of unfulfilled clinical needs and need the alternative treatments for rheumatoid arthritis. Request for TOC of the Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=1265 Global Immunomodulators Market: Regional Analysis The global market for immunomodulators can be segmented on the basis region into Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, and the Rest of the World. North America is a potential region vendors can look forward to and capitalize on the opportunities arising from the region. The presence of numerous people suffering from various chronic ailments is the primary factor propelling the demand for immunomodulators in the region. High awareness level among patients and favorable government initiatives are further expected to bode well for the market’s growth in North America. Read Complete Report @ www.tmrresearch.com/immunomodulators-market Global Immunomodulators Market: Companies Mentioned in the Report Some of the key companies in the market are F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Amgen, Inc., Abbott, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Merck & Co., Inc., and Biogen. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. Contact : Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing Tel: +1-518-618-1030 Email: sales@tmrresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smart mounts festival, rekindles love for local stories Next PostNext Healthcare Payer Services Market Analysis, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2025 Search Recent Posts Global Mineral Insulated Heating Cable Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Mobile Ticketing Market to Rise at 21.3% CAGR by 2024 Global Microcrystalline Cellulose Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Diet Doc’s Orlean Fat-Blocking Prescription is One of the Safest Weight Loss Aids on the Market Diet Doc’s Orlean Fat-Blocking Prescription is One of the Safest Weight Loss Aids on the Market RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Neurotherapeutic Drugs Market Information – Forecast To 2024 Neurotherapeutic Drugs Market: Overview Neurological disorders are referred to as the change in the functioning of nervous system. Etiology of neurological disorder includes structural or biochemical change in the activity of brain, spinal cord and other nerves. Neurological disorders can be segmented primarily into three categories that include peripheral nervous system disorders (PNS) disorder, autonomous nervous system (ANS) disorder and central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Disorders those are associated with nerve and ganglia outside the brain and spinal cord are categorized as peripheral nervous system disorder. Likewise, disorder associated with brain and spinal cords are included in central nervous system disorders. Visceral fibers and efferent fibers are found in autonomic nervous system which acts as a control system for the CNS and PNS. This report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Neurotherapeutic Drugs Market. Browse to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/neurotherapeutic-drugs… Disorders in the above mentioned fiber are termed as autonomous nervous system disorder. Most of the neurologic disorders involve progressive decline in mental and physical capabilities that disturbs patient’s life. This change in activity of brain can be witnessed due to brain injury, changing lifestyle, genetic disorders, congenital health problems and other traumas. Patients suffering from these neurological disorders witnessed varied symptoms such as muscle weakness, paralysis, poor condition, pain and other disorders. Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, Huntington’s disease, neurological cancers, epilepsy and others traumas are the common neurological disorder. Hence, neurotherapeutic drugs are prescribed for the management of such anxiety causing disorders. Few of the neurological therapeutic products that are in development phase includes MEM 3454, MKC-231, NS2330, 189254, Phosiphen, IL-13-PE38, 737004, 234551, CEP 1347, KW-6002, SLV308, MT 100, MT 300 and BIBN4096 BS. Neurotherapeutic Drugs Market: Trends and Drivers An increase in the geriatric population base worldwide, rising investments in R&D, and a deeper understanding of neurologic diseases are aiding the growth of the neurotherapeutic drugs market globally. The aged are more prone to brain disorders – this thus makes the growing geriatric population a high-impact driver for the demand for and sales of neurotherapeutic drugs worldwide. The World Health Organization has reported that by 2020, about 14.1% of the global population will suffer from some form of neurologic disorder. This will impel the production of neurotherapeutic drugs. Some of the neurological drugs that occupy the lion’s share of the neurotherapeutic drugs market include Alzheimer’s, peripheral nerve disorders and neurological cancers. Moreover, a large number of drugs are also available in the market for the treatment of the other neurological conditions such as stroke, dementia, migraine, Huntington’s disease, movement disorders, epilepsy and others. As supervision of both severe and persistent condition of the above mentioned disorder is a challenge to the patient and healthcare industry. Hence, a number of neurotherapeutic drugs are available in the market or in the clinical trial phases. Neurotherapeutic Drugs Market: Region-wise Outlook Geographically, North America stands as the largest neurotherapeutic drugs market due to major and regular technological advancements. The region is marked by the presence of top market players. Moreover, with heightened awareness among people about various neurological conditions and government initiatives, the growth of the neurotherapeutic drugs treatment market is North America is projected to remain steady. Europe held the second largest neurotherapeutic drugs treatment market trailed by Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World. APAC is regarded as an emerging market as several countries in the region are poised on the brink of strong economic growth (healthcare facility upgradation, healthcare infrastructure, and product expansion). These countries include India, China, Japan, and Malaysia. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Neurotherapeutic Drugs Market by 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Various key players contributing to the global neurotherapeutic drugs treatment market comprises Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, Novartis AG, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi-Aventis, Biogen, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline, Inc., AstraZeneca plc and Merck & Co. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Resource Capital Corp. Reports Results for Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 Next PostNext Global Single Board Computer Market to expand $1.2bn by 2024 Search Recent Posts Digital Broadcast and Cinematography Cameras Market United States Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017 Digital Isolators Market United States Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Research Report Digital Isolators Market United States Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Research Report Innovative Solutions Drive Double-digit Growth Opportunities in Asia-Pacific Molecular Diagnostics Market World’s First Trade Platform To Power Global Trade Connectivity Launched By GeTS RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
