GUEST POV | Louisville, we need to have a long, hard talk about - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Derby 2017 Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford Derby 2017 U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Keith Kaiser Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Western Middle School Hardsteppers Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau GUEST POV | Louisville, we need to have a long, hard talk about sewage Posted: Friday, May 19, 2017 2:58 PM EDT Updated: Friday, May 19, 2017 4:30 PM EDT Louisville, it's time we talked. Let's talk about aging infrastructure built to support a community much smaller than our current population. About the increase in rainstorms and the capabilities of drainage facilities to respond. About 70-year-old floodwalls and gates that we depend on to protect us when the river rises.  While MSD facilities are out-of-sight and out-of-mind, it's time for an urgent conversation about continuing to protect Louisville's public health and safety. I'd like to tell you about MSD's Critical Repair and Reinvestment Plan.  After extensive analysis, MSD developed this plan which includes scores of improvement projects and affects the entire community. It addresses our aging wastewater, flood protection and storm water infrastructure, some of which dates to the Civil War era.  The difficult truth is, the solutions come with a price of $4.3 billion dollars over the next 20 years. This includes $500 million in projects to comply with the federal Consent Decree, which requires us to reduce sewer overflows by 2024.  We recognize the magnitude of this and how it impacts ratepayers, so MSD is leading a wide-reaching community conversation. Over several months, we have presented and gathered feedback on the plan with community groups, business leaders and neighborhood associations.   We're sharing the realities of the challenges, and the plan MSD has to address them. Invite us to your group meeting, join us at an MSD meeting or on MSD's website to learn more about Louisville's infrastructure needs and how together we can improve public health and safety.  Let's keep the conversation going.  I'm Tony Parrott and that's my Point of View. Copyright 2017 by WDRB News. All rights reserved. WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Receives CHMP Positive Opinion Recommending Approval of ISENTRESS® (raltegravir) 600 mg in the European Union KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has adopted a positive opinion recommending approval of ISENTRESS® (raltegravir) 600 mg film-coated tablets, in combination with other anti-retroviral medicinal products, for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults and pediatric patients weighing at least 40 kg. In adults and pediatric patients (weighing at least 40 kg), the recommended dosage is 1,200 mg (two 600 mg tablets) once daily for treatment-naïve patients or patients who are virologically suppressed on an initial regimen of ISENTRESS 400 mg twice daily. The recommendation will now be reviewed by the European Commission for marketing authorization in the European Union. A decision on approval is expected in the second half of 2017. The once daily formulation of ISENTRESS is currently under review in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration. “The CHMP’s positive opinion recommending the approval of ISENTRESS 600 mg film-coated tablets is an important step toward a new option for people living with HIV who are looking for once-daily dosing, as part of an HIV treatment regimen, with proven efficacy and safety,” said Dr. Eliav Barr, senior vice president, global clinical development, infectious diseases and vaccines, Merck Research Laboratories. The CHMP positive opinion was based on findings from the ONCEMRK trial, an ongoing Phase 3 multicenter, double-blind, randomized, active comparator-controlled clinical trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ISENTRESS 1200 mg, given as two 600 mg oral tablets once daily, compared to ISENTRESS 400 mg twice daily, each in combination with emtricitabine + tenofovir disoproxil fumarate in previously untreated HIV-1 infected adults. Once-daily ISENTRESS 600 mg (1200 mg total), when used as part of an HIV-1 treatment regimen, demonstrated comparable efficacy and safety to ISENTRESS 400 mg twice a day after 48-weeks of treatment across a variety of patient populations. About ISENTRESS (raltegravir) ISENTRESS is Merck’s integrase inhibitor for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adult and pediatric patients aged four weeks and older and weighing at least 3 kg as part of combination HIV therapy. ISENTRESS works by inhibiting the insertion of HIV-1 DNA into human DNA by the integrase enzyme and has demonstrated rapid antiviral activity. Inhibiting integrase from performing this essential function limits the ability of the virus to replicate and infect new cells. ISENTRESS is approved as part of combination therapy in 112 countries for treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults. ISENTRESS chewable tablets, in combination therapy, for use in children and adolescents with HIV-1 aged two years and older has also been approved for use in 69 countries, and ISENTRESS granules for oral suspension for infants at least four weeks of age is approved for use in 33 countries. Selected Important Safety Information for ISENTRESS ®(raltegravir) Severe, potentially life-threatening and fatal skin reactions have been reported. This includes cases of Stevens-Johnson syndrome, hypersensitivity reaction and toxic epidermal necrolysis. Immediately discontinue treatment with ISENTRESS and other suspect agents if severe hypersensitivity, severe rash, or rash with systemic symptoms or liver aminotransferase elevations develops and monitor clinical status, including liver aminotransferases closely. Immune reconstitution syndrome can occur, including the occurrence of autoimmune disorders with variable time to onset, which may necessitate further evaluation and treatment. ISENTRESS chewable tablets contain phenylalanine, a component of aspartame, which may be harmful to patients with phenylketonuria. Co-administration of ISENTRESS with drugs that are strong inducers of uridine diphosphate glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) 1A1 may result in reduced plasma concentrations of raltegravir. Co-administration of ISENTRESS with drugs that inhibit UGT1A1 may increase plasma levels of raltegravir. Co-administration of ISENTRESS and other drugs may alter the plasma concentration of raltegravir. The potential for drug-drug interactions must be considered prior to and during therapy. Co-administration or staggered administration of aluminum and/or magnesium hydroxide-containing antacids and ISENTRESS is not recommended. Rifampin, a strong inducer of UGT1A1, reduces plasma concentrations of ISENTRESS. Therefore, the dose of ISENTRESS for adults should be increased to 800 mg twice daily during co-administration with rifampin. There are no data to guide co-administration of ISENTRESS with rifampin in patients below 18 years of age. The most commonly reported (≥2 percent) drug-related clinical adverse reactions of moderate to severe intensity in treatment-naïve adult patients receiving ISENTRESS compared with efavirenz were insomnia (4 percent vs. 4 percent), headache (4 percent vs. 5 percent), nausea (3 percent vs. 4 percent), fatigue (2 percent vs. 3 percent), and dizziness (2 percent vs. 6 percent) respectively. Intensities were defined as follows: Moderate (discomfort enough to cause interference with usual activity); or Severe (incapacitating with inability to work or do usual activity). In treatment-experienced pediatric patients 4 weeks through 18 years of age receiving ISENTRESS, the frequency, type and severity of drug-related adverse reactions were comparable to those observed in adults. Grade 2–4 creatine kinase laboratory abnormalities were observed in subjects treated with ISENTRESS. Myopathy and rhabdomyolysis have been reported. Use with caution in patients at increased risk of myopathy or rhabdomyolysis, such as patients receiving concomitant medications known to cause these conditions and patients with a history of rhabdomyolysis, myopathy or increased serum creatine kinase. Rash occurred more commonly in treatment-experienced subjects receiving regimens containing ISENTRESS + darunavir/ritonavir compared to subjects receiving ISENTRESS without darunavir/ritonavir or darunavir/ritonavir without ISENTRESS. However, rash that was considered drug related occurred at similar rates for all 3 groups. These rashes were mild to moderate in severity and did not limit therapy; there were no discontinuations due to rash. ISENTRESS should be used during pregnancy only if the potential benefit justifies the potential risk to the fetus. There are no adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women. In addition, there have been no pharmacokinetic studies conducted in pregnant patients. To monitor maternal-fetal outcomes of pregnant patients exposed to ISENTRESS, an Antiretroviral Pregnancy Registry has been established. Physicians are encouraged to register patients by calling 1-800-258-4263. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ISENTRESS (raltegravir) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/i/isentress/isentress_pi.pdf , Patient Information for ISENTRESS at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/i/isentress/isentress_ppi.pdf and Instructions for Use of ISENTRESS (raltegravir) for Oral Suspension at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/i/isentress/isentress_ifu.pdf CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Parkopedia Launches the 2017 Global Parking Index Next PostNext Folding Carton Global Market to Grow CAGR of 5.17% SWOT analysed with vendors Adobe ,Blackboard ,Educomp and Forecast 2019 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Receives CHMP Positive Opinion Recommending Approval of ISENTRESS® (raltegravir) 600 mg in the European Union KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has adopted a positive opinion recommending approval of ISENTRESS® (raltegravir) 600 mg film-coated tablets, in combination with other anti-retroviral medicinal products, for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults and pediatric patients weighing at least 40 kg. In adults and pediatric patients (weighing at least 40 kg), the recommended dosage is 1,200 mg (two 600 mg tablets) once daily for treatment-naïve patients or patients who are virologically suppressed on an initial regimen of ISENTRESS 400 mg twice daily. The recommendation will now be reviewed by the European Commission for marketing authorization in the European Union. A decision on approval is expected in the second half of 2017. The once daily formulation of ISENTRESS is currently under review in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration. “The CHMP’s positive opinion recommending the approval of ISENTRESS 600 mg film-coated tablets is an important step toward a new option for people living with HIV who are looking for once-daily dosing, as part of an HIV treatment regimen, with proven efficacy and safety,” said Dr. Eliav Barr, senior vice president, global clinical development, infectious diseases and vaccines, Merck Research Laboratories. The CHMP positive opinion was based on findings from the ONCEMRK trial, an ongoing Phase 3 multicenter, double-blind, randomized, active comparator-controlled clinical trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ISENTRESS 1200 mg, given as two 600 mg oral tablets once daily, compared to ISENTRESS 400 mg twice daily, each in combination with emtricitabine + tenofovir disoproxil fumarate in previously untreated HIV-1 infected adults. Once-daily ISENTRESS 600 mg (1200 mg total), when used as part of an HIV-1 treatment regimen, demonstrated comparable efficacy and safety to ISENTRESS 400 mg twice a day after 48-weeks of treatment across a variety of patient populations. About ISENTRESS (raltegravir) ISENTRESS is Merck’s integrase inhibitor for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adult and pediatric patients aged four weeks and older and weighing at least 3 kg as part of combination HIV therapy. ISENTRESS works by inhibiting the insertion of HIV-1 DNA into human DNA by the integrase enzyme and has demonstrated rapid antiviral activity. Inhibiting integrase from performing this essential function limits the ability of the virus to replicate and infect new cells. ISENTRESS is approved as part of combination therapy in 112 countries for treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults. ISENTRESS chewable tablets, in combination therapy, for use in children and adolescents with HIV-1 aged two years and older has also been approved for use in 69 countries, and ISENTRESS granules for oral suspension for infants at least four weeks of age is approved for use in 33 countries. Selected Important Safety Information for ISENTRESS®(raltegravir) Severe, potentially life-threatening and fatal skin reactions have been reported. This includes cases of Stevens-Johnson syndrome, hypersensitivity reaction and toxic epidermal necrolysis. Immediately discontinue treatment with ISENTRESS and other suspect agents if severe hypersensitivity, severe rash, or rash with systemic symptoms or liver aminotransferase elevations develops and monitor clinical status, including liver aminotransferases closely. Immune reconstitution syndrome can occur, including the occurrence of autoimmune disorders with variable time to onset, which may necessitate further evaluation and treatment. ISENTRESS chewable tablets contain phenylalanine, a component of aspartame, which may be harmful to patients with phenylketonuria. Co-administration of ISENTRESS with drugs that are strong inducers of uridine diphosphate glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) 1A1 may result in reduced plasma concentrations of raltegravir. Co-administration of ISENTRESS with drugs that inhibit UGT1A1 may increase plasma levels of raltegravir. Co-administration of ISENTRESS and other drugs may alter the plasma concentration of raltegravir. The potential for drug-drug interactions must be considered prior to and during therapy. Co-administration or staggered administration of aluminum and/or magnesium hydroxide-containing antacids and ISENTRESS is not recommended. Rifampin, a strong inducer of UGT1A1, reduces plasma concentrations of ISENTRESS. Therefore, the dose of ISENTRESS for adults should be increased to 800 mg twice daily during co-administration with rifampin. There are no data to guide co-administration of ISENTRESS with rifampin in patients below 18 years of age. The most commonly reported (≥2 percent) drug-related clinical adverse reactions of moderate to severe intensity in treatment-naïve adult patients receiving ISENTRESS compared with efavirenz were insomnia (4 percent vs. 4 percent), headache (4 percent vs. 5 percent), nausea (3 percent vs. 4 percent), fatigue (2 percent vs. 3 percent), and dizziness (2 percent vs. 6 percent) respectively. Intensities were defined as follows: Moderate (discomfort enough to cause interference with usual activity); or Severe (incapacitating with inability to work or do usual activity). In treatment-experienced pediatric patients 4 weeks through 18 years of age receiving ISENTRESS, the frequency, type and severity of drug-related adverse reactions were comparable to those observed in adults. Grade 2–4 creatine kinase laboratory abnormalities were observed in subjects treated with ISENTRESS. Myopathy and rhabdomyolysis have been reported. Use with caution in patients at increased risk of myopathy or rhabdomyolysis, such as patients receiving concomitant medications known to cause these conditions and patients with a history of rhabdomyolysis, myopathy or increased serum creatine kinase. Rash occurred more commonly in treatment-experienced subjects receiving regimens containing ISENTRESS + darunavir/ritonavir compared to subjects receiving ISENTRESS without darunavir/ritonavir or darunavir/ritonavir without ISENTRESS. However, rash that was considered drug related occurred at similar rates for all 3 groups. These rashes were mild to moderate in severity and did not limit therapy; there were no discontinuations due to rash. ISENTRESS should be used during pregnancy only if the potential benefit justifies the potential risk to the fetus. There are no adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women. In addition, there have been no pharmacokinetic studies conducted in pregnant patients. To monitor maternal-fetal outcomes of pregnant patients exposed to ISENTRESS, an Antiretroviral Pregnancy Registry has been established. Physicians are encouraged to register patients by calling 1-800-258-4263. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ISENTRESS (raltegravir) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/i/isentress/isentress_pi.pdf, Patient Information for ISENTRESS at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/i/isentress/isentress_ppi.pdf and Instructions for Use of ISENTRESS (raltegravir) for Oral Suspension at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/i/isentress/isentress_ifu.pdf CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Winjet Automotive announces the opening of a new logistics warehouse in City of Industry, California Next PostNext Northern Virginia Data Center Providers Select Zayo for Dark Fiber Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Merck receives CHMP positive opinion recommending approval of isentr... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Fri May 19, 2017 | 8:03am EDT BRIEF-Merck receives CHMP positive opinion recommending approval of isentress May 19 Merck & Co Inc: * Merck receives chmp positive opinion recommending approval of isentress® (raltegravir) 600 mg in the european union * Merck receives chmp positive opinion recommending approval of isentress® (raltegravir) 600 mg in the european union * Merck & Co Inc - decision on approval is expected in second half of 2017 * Says a decision on approval is expected in second half of 2017 * Merck & Co Inc - once daily formulation of isentress is currently under review in united states by food and drug administration Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News DIARY-Emerging Markets Economic Events to July 28 ----------------------------------------------------------- This Diary is filed daily. ** Indicates new events. ----------------------------------------------------------- SUNDAY, MAY 21 CAIRO - Central Bank of Egypt monetary policy committee meeting. MONDAY, MAY 22 ABUJA - Central Bank of Nigeria monetary policy meeting (to May 23). TUESDAY, MAY 23 CAPE TOWN - South African Reserve Bank starts its three-day monetary policy committee meeting (to May 25). WEDNESDAY, MAY 24 DIARY-Top Economic Events to July 28 Political and general news ----------------------------------------------------------- This Diary is filed daily. ** Indicates new events ----------------------------------------------------------- MONDAY, MAY 22 DIARY-Top Economic Events to July 28 Political and general news ----------------------------------------------------------- This Diary is filed daily. ** Indicates new events ----------------------------------------------------------- MONDAY, MAY 22 MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - 100 Healthy Years – Are Kids Prepared? 19 maggio 2017 100 Healthy Years – Are Kids Prepared? PR Newswire DARMSTADT, Germany, May 19, 2017 Merck Consumer Health‘s Annual Debate: global expert discussion on how to prepare children to live 100 healthy years  Global study of the Economist Intelligence Unit: today‘s children will be less healthy than today‘s adults over 65 when they reach that age  Better co-ordination on all levels required in making children aware of the link between their lifestyle and their health in later life  Merck, a leading science and technology company, convened experts from diverse reputable organizations such as UN, UNICEF, UNAIDS, World Obesity Federation and McKinsey at the company’s headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany, to debate relevant questions such as: What are the most urgent threats to our children’s long-term health? What can be done both inside and outside the classroom? And how do schools, parents and communities share responsibility?      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508914/Merck_Logo.jpg )      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/513078/Merck.jpg ) As global life expectancy continues to increase, World Health Organization statistics show that the children of today are likely to be the first to live 100 years. But living 100 healthy years – with vitality and mobility – and the challenge of equipping children to do so, was the subject of yesterday’s second annual ‘Global Consumer Health Debate’. Uta Kemmerich-Keil, CEO and President of the Consumer Health business of Merck commented: “One thing is for certain: the earlier we start working with kids on how to look after themselves, the better the long-term impacts. If this debate helped strengthen the health education for my own kids here in Germany, as much as children from Brazil to India, then we are getting better at building a global future of healthy adults, able to enjoy a long life to the fullest.” The event released the findings of the Economist Intelligence Unit’s (EIU) white paper: “Kids and Old Age”. This worldwide study describes the current landscape: What according to parents, educators, policy makers, research institutions, and development actors can be done to better prepare kids for a long and healthy life? Key findings include: Today’s children will be less healthy than today’s adults over 65 when they reach that age. Lifestyle-related problems are likely to contribute to chronic disease in later life and are already causing health problems among children. Across the five countries surveyed, schools are targeting the main perceived problems, such as lack of exercise, but are ignoring mental health issues. There is little evidence that such school education programmes are managing to stem rising rates of obesity and mental disorders. By bringing many actors together, the debate ‘joined the dots’ between all those responsible for children’s health and well-being, and created consensus around collaborative thinking and common goals. However this debate – and the diversity of actors and opinions – highlighted how our childhood lessons are drawn from far beyond our homes and schools, such as community efforts and policy-level support. The key message is that by working together on complementary efforts that our kids will be better equipped to become tomorrow’s healthy adults and elderly. The international panels included voices as diverse as government representatives of South Africa (Ministry of Basic Education), UN representatives of education, children’s and health priorities (UNICEF, Every Woman for Every Child/UN, UNAIDS), Brazilian and Indian community-based organizations (Inmed Brazil, Smile Foundation) having huge impacts on the ground, business consultants to the health industry (McKinsey), and the World Obesity Federation. The event marked an important milestone in Merck Consumer Health’s journey to “Prepare society for a new era of humans living 100 healthy years”. This business purpose is at the heart of Merck Consumer Health’s WE100® movement, aimed at raising awareness of healthy living, for people of all ages. While the report and the debate helped to focus the global conversation, it seems to be even more crucial to create and take action. WE100 is Merck’s commitment to do so. Note for editors:  The Global Consumer Health Debate entitled “100 Healthy Years: Are Kids Prepared?” took place in Darmstadt, Germany, on Thursday, 18 May 2017. Further information, including the EIU study, are available at http://www.merck-consumer-health.com/en/industry/industry.html The global reach of the EIU study drew participants from the following countries: Brazil, Germany, India, Saudi Arabia and South Africa. Merck Consumer Health on Twitter:@Merck_CH / https://twitter.com/merck_ch WE100 on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WE100/ About the Consumer Health business of Merck  Brands of the Consumer Health business, such as Neurobion®, Bion®, Nasivin®, Seven Seas®, Dolo-Neurobion®, and Femibion® are innovative leaders in key markets, backed by science and trusted by consumers worldwide. The Consumer Health business is with over 3,800 employees globally active in over 40 markets. The portfolio comprises of brands with annual total sales of about $ 1 billion. Consumer Health is a business of the Healthcare business sector within the Merck Group with global headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany. For more information please go to http://www.merck-consumer-health.com or https://twitter.com/merck_ch. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Lars Atorf +49-6151-856-3114 SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Merck’s Consumer Health Business Presents New Purpose to Help Prepare Society for 100 Healthy Years Clean Hands, Healthy Kids! Research and Markets Partner with UNICEF to Vaccinate Over 40,000 Children Paul G. Allen Extends Tackle Ebola Effort to Address Plight of Children Orphaned by Ebola Nel mensile di maggio Farmaci omeopatici: chi ha paura dell’Aic? Italiani ancora poco farmacovigila(n)ti Farmaci veterinari verso l’addio alla carta: arriva la tracciabilità digitale Dati in sanità, la sicurezza si trova su una “nuvola” Industria 4.0, il medtech non coglie l’opportunità: “bisogna sbrigarsi” Cala la reputazione di Big Pharma, ma si può migliorare In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Two Day FDA Medical Device Software Regulation Strategy Seminar by... Research and Markets – Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia... Brodalumab, a Novel Biologic for People with Moderate-to-Severe... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Ema, ecco i requisiti per la nuova sede Takeda Italia, Alfonso Gentile è il nuovo Medical & Regulatory Director Quale futuro (digitale) per le aziende? HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 100 Healthy Years – Are Kids Prepared? DARMSTADT, Germany, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Merck Consumer Health‚s Annual Debate: global expert discussion on how to prepare children to live 100 healthy years  Global study of the Economist Intelligence Unit: today‚s children will be less healthy than today‚s adults over 65 when they reach that age  Better co-ordination on all levels required in making children aware of the link between their lifestyle and their health in later life  Merck, a leading science and technology company, convened experts from diverse reputable organizations such as UN, UNICEF, UNAIDS, World Obesity Federation and McKinsey at the company’s headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany, to debate relevant questions such as: What are the most urgent threats to our children’s long-term health? What can be done both inside and outside the classroom? And how do schools, parents and communities share responsibility? Merck Consumer Health hosts annual Global Consumer Health Debate “100 Healthy Years – Are Kids Prepared?” on May 18th (PRNewsfoto/Merck)      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508914/Merck_Logo.jpg )      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/513078/Merck.jpg ) As global life expectancy continues to increase, World Health Organization statistics show that the children of today are likely to be the first to live 100 years. But living 100 healthy years – with vitality and mobility – and the challenge of equipping children to do so, was the subject of yesterday’s second annual ‚Global Consumer Health Debate’. Uta Kemmerich-Keil, CEO and President of the Consumer Health business of Merck commented: „One thing is for certain: the earlier we start working with kids on how to look after themselves, the better the long-term impacts. If this debate helped strengthen the health education for my own kids here in Germany, as much as children from Brazil to India, then we are getting better at building a global future of healthy adults, able to enjoy a long life to the fullest.” The event released the findings of the Economist Intelligence Unit’s (EIU) white paper: „Kids and Old Age”. This worldwide study describes the current landscape: What according to parents, educators, policy makers, research institutions, and development actors can be done to better prepare kids for a long and healthy life? Key findings include: Today’s children will be less healthy than today’s adults over 65 when they reach that age. Lifestyle-related problems are likely to contribute to chronic disease in later life and are already causing health problems among children. Across the five countries surveyed, schools are targeting the main perceived problems, such as lack of exercise, but are ignoring mental health issues. There is little evidence that such school education programmes are managing to stem rising rates of obesity and mental disorders. By bringing many actors together, the debate ‚joined the dots’ between all those responsible for children’s health and well-being, and created consensus around collaborative thinking and common goals. However this debate – and the diversity of actors and opinions – highlighted how our childhood lessons are drawn from far beyond our homes and schools, such as community efforts and policy-level support. The key message is that by working together on complementary efforts that our kids will be better equipped to become tomorrow’s healthy adults and elderly. The international panels included voices as diverse as government representatives of South Africa (Ministry of Basic Education), UN representatives of education, children’s and health priorities (UNICEF, Every Woman for Every Child/UN, UNAIDS), Brazilian and Indian community-based organizations (Inmed Brazil, Smile Foundation) having huge impacts on the ground, business consultants to the health industry (McKinsey), and the World Obesity Federation. The event marked an important milestone in Merck Consumer Health’s journey to „Prepare society for a new era of humans living 100 healthy years”. This business purpose is at the heart of Merck Consumer Health’s WE100® movement, aimed at raising awareness of healthy living, for people of all ages. While the report and the debate helped to focus the global conversation, it seems to be even more crucial to create and take action. WE100 is Merck’s commitment to do so. Note for editors:  About the Consumer Health business of Merck  Brands of the Consumer Health business, such as Neurobion®, Bion®, Nasivin®, Seven Seas®, Dolo-Neurobion®, and Femibion® are innovative leaders in key markets, backed by science and trusted by consumers worldwide. The Consumer Health business is with over 3,800 employees globally active in over 40 markets. The portfolio comprises of brands with annual total sales of about $ 1 billion. Consumer Health is a business of the Healthcare business sector within the Merck Group with global headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany. For more information please go to http://www.merck-consumer-health.com or https://twitter.com/merck_ch. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Lars Atorf +49-6151-856-3114 SOURCE Merck CategoriesUncategorized TagsChildren, Surveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious XCMG Machineries Lends a Helping Hand to the Philippines and other Belt and Road Initiative Countries Next PostNext PC/Mac Gamer and PC/Mac Gaming Peripheral Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2025 Search Recent Posts FBR & Co. Declares Special Cash Dividend in Connection with Merger with B. Riley Financial, Inc. Holy Grail Company, a Hemp and CBD Company, (OTC Symbol: HGRL) is Proud to Announce the Release of Its 300mg CBD Vape Additive Interpublic Group to Present at the 45th Annual J.P. Morgan Global Technology, Media & Telecom Conference Research and Markets – Global Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market 2017-2021: Key Vendors are GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi, ALK-Abello & Meda Pharmaceuticals Vishay Intertechnology to Present at the Stifel 2017 Technology, Internet & Media Conference in San Francisco, June 6, 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ 100 Healthy Years - Are Kids Prepared? 100 Healthy Years - Are Kids Prepared? vrijdag 19 mei 2017 10:01 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire DARMSTADT, Germany, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Merck Consumer Health's Annual Debate: global expert discussion on how to prepare children to live 100 healthy years  - Global study of the Economist Intelligence Unit: today's children will be less healthy than today's adults over 65 when they reach that age  - Better co-ordination on all levels required in making children aware of the link between their lifestyle and their health in later life  Merck, a leading science and technology company, convened experts from diverse reputable organizations such as UN, UNICEF, UNAIDS, World Obesity Federation and McKinsey at the company's headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany, to debate relevant questions such as: What are the most urgent threats to our children's long-term health? What can be done both inside and outside the classroom? And how do schools, parents and communities share responsibility? (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508914/Merck_Logo.jpg ) (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/513078/Merck.jpg ) As global life expectancy continues to increase, World Health Organization statistics show that the children of today are likely to be the first to live 100 years. But living 100 healthy years - with vitality and mobility - and the challenge of equipping children to do so, was the subject of yesterday's second annual 'Global Consumer Health Debate'. Uta Kemmerich-Keil, CEO and President of the Consumer Health business of Merck commented: "One thing is for certain: the earlier we start working with kids on how to look after themselves, the better the long-term impacts. If this debate helped strengthen the health education for my own kids here in Germany, as much as children from Brazil to India, then we are getting better at building a global future of healthy adults, able to enjoy a long life to the fullest." The event released the findings of the Economist Intelligence Unit's (EIU) white paper: "Kids and Old Age". This worldwide study describes the current landscape: What according to parents, educators, policy makers, research institutions, and development actors can be done to better prepare kids for a long and healthy life? Key findings include: - Today's children will be less healthy than today's adults over 65 when they reach that age. - Lifestyle-related problems are likely to contribute to chronic disease in later life and are already causing health problems among children. - Across the five countries surveyed, schools are targeting the main perceived problems, such as lack of exercise, but are ignoring mental health issues. - There is little evidence that such school education programmes are managing to stem rising rates of obesity and mental disorders. By bringing many actors together, the debate 'joined the dots' between all those responsible for children's health and well-being, and created consensus around collaborative thinking and common goals. However this debate - and the diversity of actors and opinions - highlighted how our childhood lessons are drawn from far beyond our homes and schools, such as community efforts and policy-level support. The key message is that by working together on complementary efforts that our kids will be better equipped to become tomorrow's healthy adults and elderly. The international panels included voices as diverse as government representatives of South Africa (Ministry of Basic Education), UN representatives of education, children's and health priorities (UNICEF, Every Woman for Every Child/UN, UNAIDS), Brazilian and Indian community-based organizations (Inmed Brazil, Smile Foundation) having huge impacts on the ground, business consultants to the health industry (McKinsey), and the World Obesity Federation. The event marked an important milestone in Merck Consumer Health's journey to "Prepare society for a new era of humans living 100 healthy years". This business purpose is at the heart of Merck Consumer Health's WE100(R) movement, aimed at raising awareness of healthy living, for people of all ages. While the report and the debate helped to focus the global conversation, it seems to be even more crucial to create and take action. WE100 is Merck's commitment to do so. Note for editors:  - The Global Consumer Health Debate entitled "100 Healthy Years: Are Kids Prepared?" took place in Darmstadt, Germany, on Thursday, 18 May 2017. - Further information, including the EIU study, are available at http://www.merck-consumer-health.com/en/industry/industry.html - The global reach of the EIU study drew participants from the following countries: Brazil, Germany, India, Saudi Arabia and South Africa. - Merck Consumer Health on Twitter:@Merck_CH / https://twitter.com/merck_ch - WE100 on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WE100 About the Consumer Health business of Merck  Brands of the Consumer Health business, such as Neurobion(R), Bion(R), Nasivin(R), Seven Seas(R), Dolo-Neurobion(R), and Femibion(R) are innovative leaders in key markets, backed by science and trusted by consumers worldwide. The Consumer Health business is with over 3,800 employees globally active in over 40 markets. The portfolio comprises of brands with annual total sales of about $ 1 billion. Consumer Health is a business of the Healthcare business sector within the Merck Group with global headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany. For more information please go to http://www.merck-consumer-health.com or https://twitter.com/merck_ch. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Lars Atorf +49-6151-856-3114 Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/513078/Merck.jpg http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508914/Merck_Logo.jpg PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Brodalumab, a Novel Biologic for People with Moderate-to-Severe Psoriasis, Receives Positive Opinion from European CHMP vrijdag 19 mei 2017 18:06 Algemene Vergadering van Aandeelhouders stemt in met alle agendapunten vrijdag 19 mei 2017 15:15 Friends of Zion Heritage Center Welcomes Donald Trump to Israel with Billboards Lining Streets of Jerusalem vrijdag 19 mei 2017 15:12 Hainan Airlines continues to enhance the passenger experience vrijdag 19 mei 2017 14:19 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA Approves Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for Certain Patients with Locally Advanced or Metastatic Urothelial Carcinoma, a Type of Bladder Cancer KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved two new indications for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, for certain patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, a type of bladder cancer. In the first-line setting, KEYTRUDA is now approved for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are ineligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In the second-line setting, KEYTRUDA is now approved for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. KEYTRUDA is approved for use in these indications at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred with KEYTRUDA including pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, and nephritis. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, KEYTRUDA should be withheld or discontinued and corticosteroids administered if appropriate. KEYTRUDA can also cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions; for Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Female patients of reproductive potential should be advised of the potential hazard to a fetus. For more information regarding immune-mediated and infusion-related adverse reactions and use in pregnancy, see “Selected Important Safety Information” below. “KEYTRUDA is now available for use as a first-line treatment option for patients with advanced urothelial bladder cancer who are not eligible for the standard of care, cisplatin-based chemotherapy,” said Dean F. Bajorin, M.D., study investigator and medical oncologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. “With the second-line indication, KEYTRUDA also provides a new option for patients with advanced urothelial bladder cancer – and is the only anti-PD-1 therapy to show an overall survival benefit versus chemotherapy in a phase 3 study.” “These two indications mark important additions to the growing list of tumors and treatment settings for which KEYTRUDA is now approved. This FDA approval further demonstrates Merck’s commitment to help improve the lives of patients with many types of advanced cancer,” said Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, president, Merck Research Laboratories. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in nearly 500 clinical trials, including more than 250 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. Currently, Merck has the largest immuno-oncology clinical development program in bladder cancer, with 29 trials underway involving KEYTRUDA as monotherapy and in combination, including four registration-enabling studies. Data Supporting First-Line Cisplatin-Ineligible Approval The first-line approval is based on data from a multicenter, open-label, single-arm trial, KEYNOTE-052, investigating KEYTRUDA in 370 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who were not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. Patients with autoimmune disease or medical conditions that required systemic corticosteroids or other immunosuppressive medication were excluded from the trial. Patients received KEYTRUDA at a dose of 200 mg every three weeks until unacceptable toxicity or disease progression; patients without disease progression could be treated for up to 24 months. The major efficacy outcome measures were objective response rate (ORR), according to the Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) 1.1, as assessed by independent radiology review, and duration of response. The efficacy analysis showed an ORR of 29 percent (95% CI: 24, 34), with a complete response rate of 7 percent and a partial response rate of 22 percent. The median duration of response had not been reached (range: 1.4+ to 17.8+ months). The median follow-up time was 7.8 months. In KEYNOTE-052, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 11 percent of patients. The most common adverse reactions (in ≥ 20% of patients) were fatigue (38%), musculoskeletal pain (24%), decreased appetite (22%), constipation (21%), rash (21%) and diarrhea (20%). Eighteen patients (5%) died from causes other than disease progression. Five patients (1.4%) who were treated with KEYTRUDA experienced sepsis which led to death, and three patients (0.8%) experienced pneumonia which led to death. Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 22 percent of patients; the most common (≥1%) were liver enzyme increase, diarrhea, urinary tract infection, acute kidney injury, fatigue, joint pain, and pneumonia. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 42 percent of patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, hematuria, acute kidney injury, pneumonia, and urosepsis. Data Supporting Second-Line Post-Platinum Failure Approval The second-line approval is based on data from a multicenter, randomized, active-controlled trial, KEYNOTE-045, investigating KEYTRUDA in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with autoimmune disease or a medical condition that required immunosuppression were excluded from the trial. Patients were randomized to receive either KEYTRUDA 200 mg every three weeks (n=270) or investigator’s choice of any of the following chemotherapy regimens, all given intravenously, every three weeks (n=272): paclitaxel 175 mg/m2 (n=84), docetaxel 75 mg/m2 (n=84), or vinflunine 320 mg/m2 (n=87). Treatment continued until unacceptable toxicity or disease progression; patients without disease progression could be treated for up to 24 months. The major efficacy outcomes were overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS), as assessed by a blinded independent central review (BICR) per RECIST 1.1; additional efficacy outcome measures were ORR, as assessed by BICR per RECIST 1.1, and duration of response. KEYTRUDA demonstrated superior OS compared to chemotherapy. Findings demonstrated that KEYTRUDA resulted in a 27 percent reduction in the risk of death compared to chemotherapy – with 155 events (57%) observed in the KEYTRUDA arm, compared to 179 events (66%) in the chemotherapy arm (HR, 0.73 [95% CI: 0.59, 0.91], p=0.004); the median OS was 10.3 months (95% CI: 8.0, 11.8) in the KEYTRUDA arm, compared to 7.4 months (95% CI: 6.1, 8.3) in the chemotherapy arm. In October 2016, the study was stopped early at the recommendation of an independent Data Monitoring Committee following an interim analysis that showed KEYTRUDA met the superiority thresholds for OS in the overall study population. There was no statistically significant difference between KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) and chemotherapy with respect to PFS. There were 218 events (81%) observed in the KEYTRUDA arm, compared to 219 events (81%) in the chemotherapy arm (HR, 0.98 [95% CI: 0.81, 1.19], p=0.833). The median PFS was 2.1 months (95% CI: 2.0, 2.2) in the KEYTRUDA arm, compared to 3.3 months (95% CI: 2.3, 3.5) in the chemotherapy arm. Analysis of the ORR endpoint showed a statistically significant improvement with KEYTRUDA, as compared to chemotherapy. The ORR was 21 percent (95% CI: 16, 27) in the KEYTRUDA arm (with a complete response rate of 7 percent and a partial response rate of 14 percent), compared to 11 percent (95% CI: 8, 16) in the chemotherapy arm (with a complete response rate of 3 percent and a partial response rate of 8 percent) (p=0.002). The median duration of response for patients treated with KEYTRUDA had not yet been reached (range: 1.6+ to 15.6+ months), compared to 4.3 months (range: 1.4+ to 15.4+ months) in the chemotherapy arm. The median follow-up time for this trial was 9.0 months. In KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in eight percent of patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.9%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 20 percent of patients; the most common (≥1%) were urinary tract infection (1.5%), diarrhea (1.5%), and colitis (1.1%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients who received KEYTRUDA versus those who received chemotherapy were fatigue (38% vs 56%), musculoskeletal pain (32% vs 27%), pruritus (23% vs 6%), decreased appetite (21% vs 21%), nausea (21% vs 29%) and rash (20% vs 13%). Serious adverse reactions occurred in 39 percent of KEYTRUDA-treated patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, pneumonia, anemia, and pneumonitis. About KEYTRUDA ®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with nearly 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA ®  (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including cHL, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor-blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-052, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 11 percent of 370 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reactions (in ≥ 20% of patients) were fatigue (38%), musculoskeletal pain (24%), decreased appetite (22%), constipation (21%), rash (21%) and diarrhea (20%). Eighteen patients (5%) died from causes other than disease progression. Five patients (1.4%) who were treated with KEYTRUDA experienced sepsis which led to death, and 3 patients (0.8%) experienced pneumonia which led to death. Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 22% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were liver enzyme increase, diarrhea, urinary tract infection, acute kidney injury, fatigue, joint pain, and pneumonia. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 42 percent of patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, hematuria, acute kidney injury, pneumonia, and urosepsis. In KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8 percent of 266 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reaction resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.9%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 20% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were urinary tract infection (1.5%), diarrhea (1.5%), and colitis (1.1%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients who received KEYTRUDA versus those who received chemotherapy were fatigue (38% vs 56%), musculoskeletal pain (32% vs 27%), pruritus (23% vs 6%), decreased appetite (21% vs 21%), nausea (21% vs 29%) and rash (20% vs 13%). Serious adverse reactions occurred in 39 percent of KEYTRUDA-treated patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, pneumonia, anemia, and pneumonitis. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes nearly 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For over a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be on the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mitsubishi Electric, Nokia Bell Labs, UC San Diego Develop World’s First Ultra-Fast GaN Envelope-tracking Power Amplifier for Next-generation Wireless Base Stations Next PostNext Five Below, Inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
398863 3484 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . 100 Healthy Years - Are Kids Prepared? 100 Healthy Years - Are Kids Prepared? PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 19/05/2017 10:01 DARMSTADT, Germany, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, convened experts from diverse reputable organizations such as UN, UNICEF, UNAIDS, World Obesity Federation and McKinsey at the company's headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany, to debate relevant questions such as: What are the most urgent threats to our children's long-term health? What can be done both inside and outside the classroom? And how do schools, parents and communities share responsibility?      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/508914/Merck_Logo.jpg )      (Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/513078/Merck.jpg ) As global life expectancy continues to increase, World Health Organization statistics show that the children of today are likely to be the first to live 100 years. But living 100 healthy years - with vitality and mobility - and the challenge of equipping children to do so, was the subject of yesterday's second annual 'Global Consumer Health Debate'. Uta Kemmerich-Keil, CEO and President of the Consumer Health business of Merck commented: "One thing is for certain: the earlier we start working with kids on how to look after themselves, the better the long-term impacts. If this debate helped strengthen the health education for my own kids here in Germany, as much as children from Brazil to India, then we are getting better at building a global future of healthy adults, able to enjoy a long life to the fullest." The event released the findings of the Economist Intelligence Unit's (EIU) white paper: "Kids and Old Age". This worldwide study describes the current landscape: What according to parents, educators, policy makers, research institutions, and development actors can be done to better prepare kids for a long and healthy life? Key findings include: By bringing many actors together, the debate 'joined the dots' between all those responsible for children's health and well-being, and created consensus around collaborative thinking and common goals. However this debate - and the diversity of actors and opinions - highlighted how our childhood lessons are drawn from far beyond our homes and schools, such as community efforts and policy-level support. The key message is that by working together on complementary efforts that our kids will be better equipped to become tomorrow's healthy adults and elderly. The international panels included voices as diverse as government representatives of South Africa (Ministry of Basic Education), UN representatives of education, children's and health priorities (UNICEF, Every Woman for Every Child/UN, UNAIDS), Brazilian and Indian community-based organizations (Inmed Brazil, Smile Foundation) having huge impacts on the ground, business consultants to the health industry (McKinsey), and the World Obesity Federation. The event marked an important milestone in Merck Consumer Health's journey to "Prepare society for a new era of humans living 100 healthy years". This business purpose is at the heart of Merck Consumer Health's WE100 ® movement, aimed at raising awareness of healthy living, for people of all ages. While the report and the debate helped to focus the global conversation, it seems to be even more crucial to create and take action. WE100 is Merck's commitment to do so. Note for editors:  About the Consumer Health business of Merck  Brands of the Consumer Health business, such as Neurobion ®, Bion ®, Nasivin ®, Seven Seas ®, Dolo-Neurobion ®, and Femibion ® are innovative leaders in key markets, backed by science and trusted by consumers worldwide. The Consumer Health business is with over 3,800 employees globally active in over 40 markets. The portfolio comprises of brands with annual total sales of about $ 1 billion. Consumer Health is a business of the Healthcare business sector within the Merck Group with global headquarters in Darmstadt, Germany. For more information please go to http://www.merck-consumer-health.com or https://twitter.com/merck_ch. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Lars Atorf +49-6151-856-3114 Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: enUK201705172196_Immedia, en-US, Salute_E_Benessere Chimica_E_Farmacia Chimica_E_Farmacia Altro Economia_E_Finanza , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Allarme squali in California, fuga e panico sulla spiaggia Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Si barrica in casa con pistola e lancia minacce in diretta Facebook 2. Dallas, polizia choc: colpito con taser e ammanettato bimbo di 7 anni 3. Dramma Hayden, 'gravissimo danno cerebrale' 4. Trump rischia l'impeachment? 5. L'Ue stanga Facebook: maxi multa per WhatsApp Video Ecco il video dell'attacco alla stazione di Milano Da 'L'ultimo bacio' a Hollywood, 50 anni di Gabriele Muccino Allarme squali in California, fuga e panico sulla spiaggia G7 Taormina: scuole chiuse, stop rifiuti e bagni in mare Da 'Alien' a 'Iron Man', l'esoscheletro robotico sempre più vicino 15 rapine in un anno: telecamere inchiodano ladro da record Cyberbullismo, ecco cosa prevede la legge Cyberbullismo, Boldrini: "Impegno mantenuto" Pestato con mazza da baseball: ecco il video choc della rapina In Evidenza Camminate contro la sclerosi multipla, 'Nordic Tales' a Bologna A giugno tre giorni di festa per i 150 anni di Bper/Video A Milano e_mob, la Conferenza Nazionale sulla Mobilità Elettrica Al via la campagna di sensibilizzazione 'Chirurgia senza brivido' 'Nei panni' dei malati di spondilite anchilosante, al via campagna di informazione /Video Bnl porta al Foro Italico lo spettacolo del freestyle tennis /Video Ismett, una storia lunga 20 anni Nasce Maad!, il distretto dell'audiovisivo made in Italy/Video Le Pmi puntano su big data, contaminazione con startup ed e-commerce/Video Fisioanalisi, dalla giusta postura l’evoluzione umana Grazie al 5x1000 vola la ricerca sulla sclerosi multipla Incontro con il Gse sui certificati bianchi, aperte le iscrizioni ai soci Fire Conto alla rovescia per il varo di MSC Meraviglia, la “smartship” del futuro Psicosi da droghe, +40% in 5 anni e sempre più under 18 Un nuovo modo di vedere l'arte con Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena e Smartify/Video E' on line nuovo numero della newsletter del Gme 'Tennis & Friends', check-up gratis con i medici del Gemelli Al Museo MAXXI la quinta edizione di "Cose da non credere" Con lo smartphone, lo sport è a portata di App Ibm, l'Intelligenza Aumentata di Watson apre a pubblico e aziende /Video Umberto I Roma, più info corrette chiave per la salute andrologica /Video Gestione dell’emicrania cronica: trattare prima per ridurre il peso della malattia Giornata mondiale della salute orale Coou, nel 2016 in Piemonte raccolte oltre 16.600 tonnellate di oli lubrificanti usati /Video Whirlpool Emea inaugura nuovo headquarter Eni, impiegati 21 mld nel Paese nei prossimi quattro anni /Video 'Fil rouge' orecchio-cervello, calo udito triplica rischio demenza /Video Giochi, a 1 su 2 piace l'azzardo ma pochissimi italiani sono 'malati' L'asma grave e le nuove frontiere della terapia biologica Roadhouse festeggia l'apertura numero 100 a Fidenza, oltre 600 assunti in un anno MsmLab Population Health Management per la sclerosi multipla Forum On Peripheral Neuropathies Borsa, la friulana Mep tra le 25 aziende premiate con certificato Elite Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo   Seguici 398863 3484 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Corticosteroids Market 2017 – GSK, Cipla, Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson Chicago, IL — (SBWIRE) — 05/19/2017 — Market Research Report on Corticosteroids Market 2016 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Corticosteroids worldwide. First of all, ” Global Corticosteroids Market 2016 ” report provides a basic overview of the Corticosteroids industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Corticosteroids industry chain structure. Major Companies Covered in this report:- Sumitomo Pfizer Novartis Merck Sanofi Johnson and Johnson GSK AstraZeneca Cipla Get Sample Copy Of Report @ http://marketreports.biz/report/global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017-market#requestforsample The analysis is provided for the Corticosteroids international market including development history, Corticosteroids industry competitive landscape analysis. After that, Corticosteroids industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Corticosteroids market. This report „Worldwide Corticosteroids Market 2016” also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Corticosteroids market cost, price, revenue and Corticosteroids market’s gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Corticosteroids Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Corticosteroids market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Enquiry Here @ http://marketreports.biz/report/global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017-market#inquiryforbuying Related information to Corticosteroids market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Aslo includes Corticosteroids industry’s – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Corticosteroids market development trends and Corticosteroids industry marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, „worldwide Corticosteroids market” Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: EB Holdings II, Inc. commenta sulla causa intentata da GoldenTree Group Next PostNext Defibrillation Disposable Medical Electrodes Market 2017 – 3M, Ambu, B. Braun, Stryker, Utah Medical, ZOLL Medical Search Recent Posts SMU COX HONORS SIX ALUMNI EB Holdings II, Inc. comenta sobre el litigio presentado por el GoldenTree Group Global Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) Market Research Report 2017 – Genentech, Amgen, Novo Nordisk, Eli Lily, Wyeth, Novartis, Merck & Co. Aviation Obstruction Lights Market 2017 – Terma, Clampco, Nanhua, Avlite, Orga BV, Emerson, Obelux, Carmanah Cholesterl Market 2017 – NK, Dishman, Nippon Fine Chemical, Zhejiang Garden Biochemical Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Cancer Biomarkers Market by Market Share, Size Analysis and Forecast 2025 Several players operate in the global cancer biomarkers market, catering to niche segment. The global biomarkers market offers a favorable environment for competitors as there are several unique customer segments within the industry, exhibiting demand for distinct product type. However, as market players target multiple pathways, in the near future the market could witness increased competition. Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co., Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., and bioMérieux SA are among the leading market players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new study. View Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cancer-biomarkers-mark… Considering the dynamic business environment, a majority of the market players are focusing on achieving greater market share via product differentiation. The research and development spending is thus significantly high in the market. Besides this, several companies are aiming at expanding their footprint through acquisitions and disinvestments. As the companies continue spending on product development and technological advancements, consequently the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater opportunities for growth. According to TMR, the global cancer biomarkers market, which stood at US$10.25 bn in 2016, is expected to reach US$27.63 bn by the end of 2027. If these figures hold true, the global cancer biomarkers market will exhibit a CAGR of 11.8% between 2017 and 2025. By disease indication, the demand for cancer biomarkers was the highest for the treatment of lung cancer, which is likely to hold nearly 25.8% of the market by the end of 2017. Regionally, North America held the dominant share of 42.5% of the global market in 2016. Rising Funding for Cancer Research to Boost Growth Opportunities The market is majorly gaining from the rising discretionary funding for cancer research. Governments across most developed countries are engaged in raising funds for cancer research to aid in diagnosis and research. They are also funding clinical trials for breakthroughs in cancer treatment. As their initiatives gain pace, the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater growth opportunities. Also steps taken by the government to spread cancer awareness will help the market gain momentum. In lines with the same, the demand for cancer biomarkers will therefore rise in response to the rising incidence of cancer worldwide. To gain a stronger foothold, the leading market players are forging strategic collaborations. They are also keen on acquiring established regional players to expand their geographic footprint. Such strategies adopted by companies will have a positive influence on the market. Besides these, growing acceptance of patients towards innovative technologies and tests and novel product launches will enable the market exhibit strong growth during the forecast period. Lack of Awareness to Act as Major Restraint to Growth On the downside, the unwillingness of healthy population to participate in clinical research is acting against the market’s growth prospects. While overall, the incidence of cancer cases is surging around the world, but not many of them have access to proper treatment. This is partly due to the lack of participation in clinical trials and unavailability of patient surveillance systems. Given the scenario, low awareness and ambiguity regarding blood tests such as tumor biomarkers are inhibiting the cancer biomarker market’s trajectory. Also the high attrition rate in product development cycle is restricting the market’s growth to an extent. Nevertheless, with the advent of minimal-invasive diagnostic tests for cancer diagnosis will support the market’s growth in the near future. Minimally invasive diagnosis will provide simple and comparatively less expensive method of detecting cancer. These innovations will bring in fresh opportunities for the market players to capitalize on. Also the market will witness considerable growth opportunities as governments across emerging nations boost their healthcare spending and take steps to deliver healthcare services at par with the international standards. This review is based on a TMR report, titled “Cancer Biomarkers Market (Test Type – PSA Tests, CTC Tests, AFP Tests, CA Tests, HER2 Tests, BRCA Tests, ALK Tests, CEA Tests, EGFR Mutation Tests, and KRAS Mutation Tests; Disease Indication – Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Melanoma, Blood Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Stomach Cancer, and Liver Cancer) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 – 2025.” Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Cancer Biomarkers Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The report segments the global cancer biomarkers market as: Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Test Type PSA Tests CTC Tests AFP Tests CA Tests HER2 Tests BRCA Tests ALK Tests CEA Tests EGFR Mutation Tests KRAS Mutation Tests Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Disease Indication Breast Cancer Lung Cancer Colorectal Cancer Melanoma Blood Cancer Prostate Cancer Ovarian Cancer Stomach Cancer Liver Cancer Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Spain Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Australia & New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa GCC countries South Africa Rest of MEA About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rigaku Publishes New Article on EUVL Optical Coatings Next PostNext Biological Product Manufacturing Market by Current & Upcoming Trends Analysis 2024 Search Recent Posts The Benefits of Buying Puts Notable Friday Option Activity: PANW, HD, FSLR IVD Market in China – Trends, Drivers, and Market Opportunity Assessment by Technavio Notable Friday Option Activity: HLF, LMT, SBUX Embraer Selects Panasonic for IFE solutions for the E-Jets E2 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Cancer Biomarkers Market by Market Share, Size Analysis and Forecast 2025 Several players operate in the global cancer biomarkers market, catering to niche segment. The global biomarkers market offers a favorable environment for competitors as there are several unique customer segments within the industry, exhibiting demand for distinct product type. However, as market players target multiple pathways, in the near future the market could witness increased competition. Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co., Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., and bioMérieux SA are among the leading market players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new study. View Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cancer-biomarkers-mark… Considering the dynamic business environment, a majority of the market players are focusing on achieving greater market share via product differentiation. The research and development spending is thus significantly high in the market. Besides this, several companies are aiming at expanding their footprint through acquisitions and disinvestments. As the companies continue spending on product development and technological advancements, consequently the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater opportunities for growth. According to TMR, the global cancer biomarkers market, which stood at US$10.25 bn in 2016, is expected to reach US$27.63 bn by the end of 2027. If these figures hold true, the global cancer biomarkers market will exhibit a CAGR of 11.8% between 2017 and 2025. By disease indication, the demand for cancer biomarkers was the highest for the treatment of lung cancer, which is likely to hold nearly 25.8% of the market by the end of 2017. Regionally, North America held the dominant share of 42.5% of the global market in 2016. Rising Funding for Cancer Research to Boost Growth Opportunities The market is majorly gaining from the rising discretionary funding for cancer research. Governments across most developed countries are engaged in raising funds for cancer research to aid in diagnosis and research. They are also funding clinical trials for breakthroughs in cancer treatment. As their initiatives gain pace, the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater growth opportunities. Also steps taken by the government to spread cancer awareness will help the market gain momentum. In lines with the same, the demand for cancer biomarkers will therefore rise in response to the rising incidence of cancer worldwide. To gain a stronger foothold, the leading market players are forging strategic collaborations. They are also keen on acquiring established regional players to expand their geographic footprint. Such strategies adopted by companies will have a positive influence on the market. Besides these, growing acceptance of patients towards innovative technologies and tests and novel product launches will enable the market exhibit strong growth during the forecast period. Lack of Awareness to Act as Major Restraint to Growth On the downside, the unwillingness of healthy population to participate in clinical research is acting against the market’s growth prospects. While overall, the incidence of cancer cases is surging around the world, but not many of them have access to proper treatment. This is partly due to the lack of participation in clinical trials and unavailability of patient surveillance systems. Given the scenario, low awareness and ambiguity regarding blood tests such as tumor biomarkers are inhibiting the cancer biomarker market’s trajectory. Also the high attrition rate in product development cycle is restricting the market’s growth to an extent. Nevertheless, with the advent of minimal-invasive diagnostic tests for cancer diagnosis will support the market’s growth in the near future. Minimally invasive diagnosis will provide simple and comparatively less expensive method of detecting cancer. These innovations will bring in fresh opportunities for the market players to capitalize on. Also the market will witness considerable growth opportunities as governments across emerging nations boost their healthcare spending and take steps to deliver healthcare services at par with the international standards. This review is based on a TMR report, titled “Cancer Biomarkers Market (Test Type – PSA Tests, CTC Tests, AFP Tests, CA Tests, HER2 Tests, BRCA Tests, ALK Tests, CEA Tests, EGFR Mutation Tests, and KRAS Mutation Tests; Disease Indication – Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Melanoma, Blood Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Stomach Cancer, and Liver Cancer) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 – 2025.” Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Cancer Biomarkers Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The report segments the global cancer biomarkers market as: Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Test Type PSA Tests CTC Tests AFP Tests CA Tests HER2 Tests BRCA Tests ALK Tests CEA Tests EGFR Mutation Tests KRAS Mutation Tests Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Disease Indication Breast Cancer Lung Cancer Colorectal Cancer Melanoma Blood Cancer Prostate Cancer Ovarian Cancer Stomach Cancer Liver Cancer Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Spain Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Australia & New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa GCC countries South Africa Rest of MEA About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious All Articles Next PostNext NLRB Says Boston College Grad Workers are Employees, Moves Union Election Forward Search Recent Posts Firsthand Technology Value Fund Announces Postponement of Annual Stockholder Meeting SHAREHOLDER ALERT:  Pomerantz Law Firm Announces the Filing of a Class Action against Barrick Gold Corporation and Certain Officers – ABX SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in KBR, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – KBR Paradise Fire (Wildfire) Global Healthcare Automation Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance OncoSec Medical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for OncoSec Medical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nova Lifestyle Inc (NVFY) Upgraded to Buy by ValuEngine Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research OncoSec Medical Inc (ONCS) Receives “Buy” Rating from Maxim Group Wingstop Inc (WING) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Bodycote PLC’s (BOY) Add Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Share Price Sei Investments Co. Acquires 1,780 Shares of Visteon Corp (VC) Sei Investments Co. Has $10.257 Million Position in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) 55,620 Shares in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Acquired by Karp Capital Management Corp 194,590 Shares in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Acquired by Karp Capital Management Corp Sensient Technologies (SXT) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Karp Capital Management Corp Takes Position in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) Sei Investments Co. Lowers Position in Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) SolarWinds (SWI) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.46 Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Stake Reduced by Lincoln National Corp Sei Investments Co. Cuts Stake in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Sasol Limited (SSL) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Sei Investments Co. Has $10.289 Million Stake in American Assets Trust, Inc (AAT) Camden Property Trust (CPT) Upgraded to Outperform by Evercore ISI Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Lowered to Neutral at DA Davidson OncoSec Medical Inc (ONCS) Receives “Buy” Rating from Maxim Group May 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Maxim Group reissued their buy rating on shares of OncoSec Medical Inc (NASDAQ:ONCS) in a research report released on Thursday. The firm currently has a $5.00 price target on the biotechnology company’s stock. “Oncosec’s PISCES study (IL-12 + Keytruda) prepares to launch in June. Merck (MRK – $63.00 – NR) will supply Keytruda on an investigational basis to support the study.”,” Maxim Group’s analyst wrote. Separately, Noble Financial reiterated a buy rating on shares of OncoSec Medical in a report on Sunday, March 19th. Shares of OncoSec Medical (NASDAQ:ONCS) traded up 3.2857% on Thursday, reaching $0.9399. 80,050 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $1.16 and its 200 day moving average price is $1.33. The stock’s market capitalization is $19.61 million. OncoSec Medical has a 52 week low of $0.88 and a 52 week high of $2.08. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “OncoSec Medical Inc (ONCS) Receives “Buy” Rating from Maxim Group” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/19/oncosec-medical-inc-oncs-receives-buy-rating-from-maxim-group.html. An institutional investor recently raised its position in OncoSec Medical stock. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of OncoSec Medical Inc (NASDAQ:ONCS) by 34.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 564,106 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock after buying an additional 144,325 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. owned 2.70% of OncoSec Medical worth $722,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 8.39% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. OncoSec Medical Company Profile OncoSec Medical Incorporated is a biotechnology company. The Company is focused on designing, developing and commercializing gene therapies, therapeutics and medical approaches to stimulate an anti-tumor immune response for the treatment of cancer. The Company’s lead product candidate, ImmunoPulse IL-12, consists of a plasmid construct encoding the proinflammatory cytokine, IL-12, which is delivered into the tumor through in vivo electroporation. Receive News & Ratings for OncoSec Medical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for OncoSec Medical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dynavax to Present Data on SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting /EINPresswire.com/ — BERKELEY, CA–(Marketwired – May 19, 2017) – Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced today that updated data from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax’s intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada), will be presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting. The poster presentation will include updated data from those in the abstract. The details of the poster presentation are as follows: Phase 1b/2, open label, multicenter, study of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab in anti-PD1 naïve & experienced metastatic melanoma patients. Abstract: 9550 Track: Melanoma/Skin Cancers Date/Time: Saturday, June 3, 1:15 p.m. to 4:45 p.m. ET Location: Hall A; Board #158 About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax’s proprietary, second-generation, TLR9 agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body’s innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax’s lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking” statements, including expectations for the conduct of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the „Risk Factors” section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax’s website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Sapphire Glass Market to Grow at CAGR Of 8.59% to Forecast 2021 With Key Vendors KYOCERA, Rayotek, Rubicon Technology Next PostNext Global Manganese Battery Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Market 2017 Key Players, Supply, Sales, Consumption, Demand, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Asthma Treatment Drugs Market WiseGuyReports.com adds “Asthma Treatment Drugs Market 2017 Global Analysis, Growth, Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database. PUNE, INDIA, May 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Asthma Treatment Drugs Market: Executive Summary In this report, the global Asthma Treatment Drugs market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Asthma Treatment Drugs in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1275431-global-asthma-treatment-drugs-market-research-report-2017 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including GlaxoSmithKline Sanofi Roche & Novartis Teva Merck AstraZeneca Boehringer Ingelheim … On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Long-term Control Medications Quick-relief Medications (Rescue Medications) Medications for Allergy-induced Asthma On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Asthma Treatment Drugs for each application, including Hospital Pharmacy Retail Pharmacy Online Pharmacy Access Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1275431-global-asthma-treatment-drugs-market-research-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Research Report 2017 1 Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Asthma Treatment Drugs 1.2 Asthma Treatment Drugs Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Long-term Control Medications 1.2.4 Quick-relief Medications (Rescue Medications) 1.2.5 Medications for Allergy-induced Asthma 1.3 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Segment by Application 1.3.1 Asthma Treatment Drugs Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospital Pharmacy 1.3.3 Retail Pharmacy 1.3.4 Online Pharmacy 1.4 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Asthma Treatment Drugs (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Asthma Treatment Drugs Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion … 7 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 GlaxoSmithKline 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Asthma Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Product A 7.1.2.2 Product B 7.1.3 GlaxoSmithKline Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Sanofi 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Asthma Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Product A 7.2.2.2 Product B 7.2.3 Sanofi Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Roche & Novartis 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Asthma Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Product A 7.3.2.2 Product B 7.3.3 Roche & Novartis Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.4 Teva 7.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.4.2 Asthma Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.4.2.1 Product A 7.4.2.2 Product B 7.4.3 Teva Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.5 Merck 7.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.5.2 Asthma Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.5.2.1 Product A 7.5.2.2 Product B 7.5.3 Merck Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.6 AstraZeneca 7.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.6.2 Asthma Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.6.2.1 Product A 7.6.2.2 Product B 7.6.3 AstraZeneca Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.7 Boehringer Ingelheim 7.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors 7.7.2 Asthma Treatment Drugs Product Category, Application and Specification 7.7.2.1 Product A 7.7.2.2 Product B 7.7.3 Boehringer Ingelheim Asthma Treatment Drugs Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 7.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1275431 Norah Trent WiseGuy Research Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ceridian’s Chief People Officer Recognized by HRO Today as an HR Superstar Next PostNext Intelligent Projector Market 2017 Global Significant Growth, Technological Advancement & Opportunities to 2022 Search Recent Posts Baobab: The Long Lasting Super Premium Polo Shirt Now Available on Kickstarter Orlando Group Roofing and General Construction Receives GAF’s Prestigious 2017 President’s Club Award 2017 to 2022 Global Pet Chip Market Research Analysis Report COLDWELL BANKER COMMERCIAL WESTMAC ARRANGES $3 MILLION SALE OF COMMERCIAL PROPERTY IN SANTA MONICA, CA Global Cutting Tool Inserts Market to Grow at a CAGR of 8.83% to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.07% During 2017 to 2021, Says a New Report at ReportsnReports.com PUNE, India, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. Browse 39 Exhibits, 4 Major Company Profiles, spread across 70 pages available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/994478-global-benign-prostatic-hyperplasia-bph-drugs-market-2017-2021.html. One trend in benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market is advancements in early-stage diagnosis through new diagnostic methods. New diagnostic methods for BPH are likely to boost the diagnosed patient pool, thereby fueling the market growth. The market has seen the emergence of novel diagnostic tests, which are expected to be more accurate than the conventional PSA blood test. Considering the failure of PSA test to detect early-stage BPH, researchers have been working on new diagnostic methods to improve diagnosis. The following companies as the key players in the global benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market: Astellas Pharma, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, and Sanofi. Other prominent vendors in the market are: ADC Therapeutics, Advaxis, Agennix, ANI Pharmaceuticals, Bayer HealthCare, BHR Pharma, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, Dendreo (Valeant Pharmaceuticals), Eisai, Endo Pharmaceuticals, Ferring, Foresee Pharmaceuticals, Io Therapeutics, LIDDS, Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Novartis, Nymox Pharmaceutical, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, and Urologix. Order a copy of Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market 2017-2021 research report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=994478. According to the benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market report, one driver in market is growing geriatric male population. The presence of a large population with BPH symptoms is expected to drive the market growth. The risk of BPH increases exponentially with the rise in the age of an individual. Approximately, 80% of men who reach 60 years and above have mild to strong symptoms of BPH. This disorder affects one in 38 individuals in the age group of 40-59 years; however, in the age group of 60-69 years, it affects one in 14 individuals. Related Reports:   Global Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market 2017-2021 – The analysts forecast global foot and mouth disease vaccine market to grow at a CAGR of 8.61% during the period 2017-2021. Global Pneumococcal Vaccine Market 2016-2020 – Pneumococcus (Streptococcus pneumoniae), a pathogenic bacterium, is the leading cause of serious illness worldwide. It is the major cause of pneumonia, blood infections, meningitis, sinusitis, and middle ear infections (otitis media). Global Meningococcal Vaccines Market 2016-2020 – Meningitis (meningococcal diseases) is characterized by inflammation of the protective lining (meninges) present around the brain and spinal cord. It can be classified into infectious and non-infectious meningitis. Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/pharmaceuticals/. About Us:   ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building, Next to Inox Theatre, Bund Garden Road, Pune – 411013. Maharashtra, India. +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds:   http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Iconic Horror Film The Shining Will Make Its Haunting Debut At Universal Studios’ „Halloween Horror Nights” This September Next PostNext Children and Families Across U.S. to Celebrate ‘National’ Kids to Parks Day Tomorrow May 20 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.07% During 2017 to 2021, Says a New Report at ReportsnReports.com PUNE, India, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. Browse 39 Exhibits, 4 Major Company Profiles, spread across 70 pages available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/994478-global-benign-prostatic-hyperplasia-bph-drugs-market-2017-2021.html. One trend in benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market is advancements in early-stage diagnosis through new diagnostic methods. New diagnostic methods for BPH are likely to boost the diagnosed patient pool, thereby fueling the market growth. The market has seen the emergence of novel diagnostic tests, which are expected to be more accurate than the conventional PSA blood test. Considering the failure of PSA test to detect early-stage BPH, researchers have been working on new diagnostic methods to improve diagnosis. The following companies as the key players in the global benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market: Astellas Pharma, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, and Sanofi. Other prominent vendors in the market are: ADC Therapeutics, Advaxis, Agennix, ANI Pharmaceuticals, Bayer HealthCare, BHR Pharma, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, Dendreo (Valeant Pharmaceuticals), Eisai, Endo Pharmaceuticals, Ferring, Foresee Pharmaceuticals, Io Therapeutics, LIDDS, Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Novartis, Nymox Pharmaceutical, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, and Urologix. Order a copy of Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market 2017-2021 research report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=994478. According to the benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market report, one driver in market is growing geriatric male population. The presence of a large population with BPH symptoms is expected to drive the market growth. The risk of BPH increases exponentially with the rise in the age of an individual. Approximately, 80% of men who reach 60 years and above have mild to strong symptoms of BPH. This disorder affects one in 38 individuals in the age group of 40-59 years; however, in the age group of 60-69 years, it affects one in 14 individuals. Related Reports:   Global Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market 2017-2021 – The analysts forecast global foot and mouth disease vaccine market to grow at a CAGR of 8.61% during the period 2017-2021. Global Pneumococcal Vaccine Market 2016-2020 – Pneumococcus (Streptococcus pneumoniae), a pathogenic bacterium, is the leading cause of serious illness worldwide. It is the major cause of pneumonia, blood infections, meningitis, sinusitis, and middle ear infections (otitis media). Global Meningococcal Vaccines Market 2016-2020 – Meningitis (meningococcal diseases) is characterized by inflammation of the protective lining (meninges) present around the brain and spinal cord. It can be classified into infectious and non-infectious meningitis. Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/pharmaceuticals/. About Us:   ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building, Next to Inox Theatre, Bund Garden Road, Pune – 411013. Maharashtra, India. +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds:   http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electric, Gas & Water Utilities to Learn about ASSIST-U Program by Solix, Inc. at CS Week Booth 1122 in Fort Worth May 23-25 Next PostNext (NASDAQ: $OSTK) News: SettleMint Chosen as Finalist for Dubai #Blockchain Challenge Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Global Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Market Segmentation and Analysis Research Report to 2022 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Market 2017 Report Details: Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Market –Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. This report studies Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering AstraZeneca Endo International Johnson & Johnson Pfizer Purdue Pharma Baxter Bayer AG Merck Novartis Request for Sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1293815-global-anaesthetic-drugs-and-pain-drugs-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Anaesthetic Drugs Pain Drugs By Application, the market can be split into Hospital Clinic By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1293815-global-anaesthetic-drugs-and-pain-drugs-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Some Key Points from Table of Content: 1 Industry Overview of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 1.1.1 Definition of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 1.1.2 Specifications of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 1.2 Classification of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 1.2.1 Anaesthetic Drugs 1.2.2 Pain Drugs 1.3 Applications of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 1.3.1 Hospital 1.3.2 Clinic 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs …….. 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs 8.1 AstraZeneca 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 AstraZeneca 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 AstraZeneca 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Endo International 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Endo International 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Endo International 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Johnson & Johnson 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Johnson & Johnson 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Johnson & Johnson 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Pfizer 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Pfizer 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Pfizer 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Purdue Pharma 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Purdue Pharma 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Purdue Pharma 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Baxter 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Baxter 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Baxter 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Bayer AG 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Bayer AG 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Bayer AG 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Merck 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Merck 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Merck 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Novartis 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Novartis 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Novartis 2016 Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Business Region Distribution Analysis Buy this report @  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1293815 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT                Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com  Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAnaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs, Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Industry, Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Industry Trends, Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Manufacturers, Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Market, Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Market Growth, Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Market Sale, Anaesthetic Drugs and Pain Drugs Market Share, Business, Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Four Day Mineral Resource Evaluation Master Class (Johannesburg, South Africa – June 12th-15th, 2017) – Research and Markets Next PostNext Global Backup Power Market Projected to be Worth USD 19.39 Billion by 2021: Technavio Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.07% During 2017 to 2021, Says a New Report at ReportsnReports.com News provided by ReportsnReports 19 May, 2017, 17:00 BST Share this article PUNE, India, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. Browse 39 Exhibits, 4 Major Company Profiles, spread across 70 pages available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/994478-global-benign-prostatic-hyperplasia-bph-drugs-market-2017-2021.html. One trend in benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market is advancements in early-stage diagnosis through new diagnostic methods. New diagnostic methods for BPH are likely to boost the diagnosed patient pool, thereby fueling the market growth. The market has seen the emergence of novel diagnostic tests, which are expected to be more accurate than the conventional PSA blood test. Considering the failure of PSA test to detect early-stage BPH, researchers have been working on new diagnostic methods to improve diagnosis. The following companies as the key players in the global benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market: Astellas Pharma, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, and Sanofi. Other prominent vendors in the market are: ADC Therapeutics, Advaxis, Agennix, ANI Pharmaceuticals, Bayer HealthCare, BHR Pharma, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, Dendreo (Valeant Pharmaceuticals), Eisai, Endo Pharmaceuticals, Ferring, Foresee Pharmaceuticals, Io Therapeutics, LIDDS, Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Novartis, Nymox Pharmaceutical, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, and Urologix. Order a copy of Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market 2017-2021 research report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=994478. According to the benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market report, one driver in market is growing geriatric male population. The presence of a large population with BPH symptoms is expected to drive the market growth. The risk of BPH increases exponentially with the rise in the age of an individual. Approximately, 80% of men who reach 60 years and above have mild to strong symptoms of BPH. This disorder affects one in 38 individuals in the age group of 40-59 years; however, in the age group of 60-69 years, it affects one in 14 individuals. Related Reports:   Global Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market 2017-2021 - The analysts forecast global foot and mouth disease vaccine market to grow at a CAGR of 8.61% during the period 2017-2021. Global Pneumococcal Vaccine Market 2016-2020 - Pneumococcus (Streptococcus pneumoniae), a pathogenic bacterium, is the leading cause of serious illness worldwide. It is the major cause of pneumonia, blood infections, meningitis, sinusitis, and middle ear infections (otitis media). Global Meningococcal Vaccines Market 2016-2020 - Meningitis (meningococcal diseases) is characterized by inflammation of the protective lining (meninges) present around the brain and spinal cord. It can be classified into infectious and non-infectious meningitis. Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/pharmaceuticals/. About Us:   ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building, Next to Inox Theatre, Bund Garden Road, Pune - 411013. Maharashtra, India. +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds:   http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports 19 May, 2017, 18:00 BST Preview: Chatbots Market Growing at a CAGR of 35.2% During 2016 to 2021 - ReportsnReports 19 May, 2017, 15:00 BST Preview: Dextran Market 2022 Industry Overview and Competitive Analysis Says a New Research Report at ReportsnReports.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 19 May, 2017, 18:00 BSTChatbots Market Growing at a CAGR of 35.2% During 2016 to 2021 -... 19 May, 2017, 15:00 BSTDextran Market 2022 Industry Overview and Competitive Analysis... Explore More news releases in similar topics Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.07% During 2017 to 2021, Says a New Report at ReportsnReports.com News provided by ReportsnReports 19 May, 2017, 17:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan’s Favorite Biotechs to Buy With Massive Upside Potential By Lee Jackson May 19, 2017 8:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet After a couple of down years in which the shrill political rhetoric over drug prices kept a pall over the industry, the biotechs are showing some signs of life. In fact, the Nasdaq Biotech Index (NASDAQ: NBI) is up 9%, compared with less than 5% for the S&P 500. The keyword for investors, especially in the small to mid-cap arena, is selectivity, according to the team at JPMorgan. In a new research report, they combed through the first-quarter results as they do each quarter, looking for the best values and risk-reward for investors. The analysts presented ideas for investors from five categories: Long Term, Relative Underperformer, Clinical/Binary Event, Pullback and Underfollowed/Undervalued. Here we focus on higher profile companies from these groups that were rated Overweight at JPMorgan. Array BioPharma This stock has pulled back 41% from highs printed earlier this year. Array BioPharma Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRY) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer. Its programs include these three cancer drugs: binimetinib, encorafenib and selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca, PLC). The analysts noted in the report: In early May, we upgraded the shares, on the back of shares having pulled back and upcoming catalysts for the company. Indeed, one of these catalysts played out with positive COLUMBUS Part 2 results of binimetinib+ encorafenib in BRAF melanoma, which significantly de-risks the regulatory path forward, in our view (filing expected in the June/July timeframe). Additionally, recently, the company announced a non-exclusive binimetinib I/O collaboration with Merck. The JPMorgan price target for the stock is $10, and the Wall Street consensus target is $12.11. The shares closed Thursday at $8.14. Jazz Pharmaceuticals While not under the pressure some of the companies have been, the stock is still down big from highs printed this time last year. Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ: JAZZ) is a biopharmaceutical company that identifies, develops and commercializes pharmaceutical products for various medical needs in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. Its portfolio of products and product candidates has a focus in the areas of sleep and hematology/oncology. The company markets Xyrem, an oral solution for the treatment of cataplexy and excessive daytime sleepiness in patients with narcolepsy; Erwinaze to treat acute lymphoblastic leukemia; Defitelio for the treatment and prevention of severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease, a potentially life-threatening complication of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation; and Prialt, an intrathecally administered infusion of ziconotide for the management of severe chronic pain. The report noted: Jazz remains one of the stocks where we see the most compelling risk/reward and we continue see potential for substantial further stock appreciation in 2017 on the back of a consistent string of catalysts. Looking further a head, in the second half of 2017 we will watch for the approval and launch of Vyxeos as well as progress advancing next-gen Xyrem products JZP-507 (filing by first quarter 2018) and ‘258. JPMorgan has a $190 price target, and the consensus target is $183.24. The stock closed Thursday at $149.14. Ironwood Pharmaceutical This stock saw a big spike up recently and could be poised for a much bigger move. Ironwood Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ: IRWD) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of gastrointestinal therapies. Along with a various partners it markets linaclotide (Linzess/Constella) for the treatment of constipation dominant irritable bowel syndrome and chronic idiopathic constipation. First-quarter Linzess U.S. sales of $147.6 million were below consensus estimate, due to inventory destocking and Medicare “donut hole.” The near-term focus is on IW-3718 Phase 2b results expected in mid-2017, along with a management decision on Phase 3 studies. The pipeline continues on track with Phase 2a results of IW-1973 and IW-1701, which are expected in the second half of this year, and Duzallo approval in late 2017. The $20 JPMorgan price target compares with the consensus target of $17.58. Shares closed Thursday at $18.16. Radius Health This stock also has pulled back sharply and offers an outstanding entry point. Radius Health Inc. (NASDAQ: RDUS) is a development stage biopharmaceutical company focused on therapies for the treatment of osteoporosis and other endocrine-mediated diseases. Its first product, abaloparatide, should reach the market in 2017 and is for the treatment of osteoporosis. The FDA approved the company’s abaloparatide-SC for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. Label includes a “black box” warning for risk of osteosarcoma, as expected, given a similar warning seen with Eli Lilly’s Forteo. Favorable nonvertebral response compared to Forteo is not in label, but published literature can be used to promote drug use. The analyst’s report said: Following the approval and announced pricing for Tymlos (abaloparatide), we see the product positioned for a successful launch (particularly as Part D coverage comes into place in 2018) and view the company’s assets as undervalued at the current stock price. In the near term, we see potential for updated data for RAD1901 (SERD, breast cancer) at ASCO to drive upside in valuation with minimal credit in the stock for it today. The JPMorgan price target is a huge $74. The consensus price objective is $57.13, and shares closed Thursday at $35.00. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These are four of the favorite small-mid picks for investors to consider, some which are offering outstanding entry points. It should be noted that these stocks are only suited for very aggressive accounts with a high risk tolerance. By Lee Jackson « How Deere Beat Estimates and Doubled Profit Guidance ShotSpotter Announces Potential Pricing for IPO » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, biotech, featured, Array BioPharma (NASDAQ:ARRY), Ironwood Pharma (NASDAQ:IRWD) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools States With the Highest (and Lowest) Property Taxes The Most Dangerous States in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State The Safest States in America Recent States With the Most UFO Sightings Macy’s, SeaDrill Drop into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, General Electric Boost the DJIA Friday WannaCry Ransomware Payment Deadline Is Here Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What You Need to Know About Credit Card APRs Why We Might See a Shakeup in the Telecom Industry Soon Why Gerdau, Cosan, and Companhia Siderurgica Nacional Stocks Soared Today Nasdaq Composite ends week down 0.6% For the week, Dow, S&P 500 end week off 0.4% Dow, S&P, Nasdaq finish week in the red, but pare worst of decline Wall Street Week Ahead: Softer Dollar May Be Stock Silver Lining Amid Washington Drama Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc.'s Necessary Move Sends Shares Down as Much as 10% Government to switch to 1 student debt servicing company All The Proceeds From This $19 Lipstick Go To Planned Parenthood Trump's On The Verge Of Exploding The Health Insurance Market Elizabeth Warren Slams 'Bizarre' Glass-Steagall Statements From Trump's Treasury Secretary Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
05202017Headline: Plano Sunglasses in Europe Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 17 hours ago 2017 Latest Report Donuts and Pastries Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin and Forecast – 2022 by QY Research Reports 18 hours ago 2017 Global Market Trend Vaccines Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Market Growth, Competitive Strategies, and Opportunity Assessment And Worldwide Demand, 2022 by QY Research Reports 18 hours ago 2017 Latest Report Anticoagulants Market – Global Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Market Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin And Demand fROM, 2016 – 2022 by QY Research Reports 18 hours ago N-octyl Mercaptan (CAS 111-88-6) Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 18 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business 2017 Global Market Trend Vaccines Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Market Growth, Competitive Strategies, and Opportunity Assessment And Worldwide Demand, 2022 by QY Research Reports 2017 Global Market Trend Vaccines Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Market Growth, Competitive Strategies, and Opportunity Assessment And Worldwide Demand, 2022 by QY Research Reports May 19, 2017 | by Jayvir | This report studies Vaccines in Global and China market, focuses on top manufacturers in global and China market, involving Vaccines price of each type, production, revenue and market share for each manufacturer. This report also displays the production, revenue and market share of Vaccines in USA, EU, China, Japan, India and Southeast Asia, forecast to 2020, from 2011. Split by product types, with production, revenue, market share and price of each type, as well as the types and price of each type price for each manufacturer in 2015 and 2016, through interviewing the key manufacturers, covering Live, attenuated vaccines Inactivated vaccines Conjugate vaccines Subunit vaccines Toxoid vaccines DNA vaccines Recombinant vector vaccines Split by manufacturers, this report focuses on the production, price of each type, average price of Vaccines, revenue and market share, for each manufacturer in 2015 and 2016. Top players, covering Merck & Co., Inc Sanofi GlaxoSmithKline Pfizer Novartis Tekeda AstraZeneca Opexa Therapeutics Crucell /Johnson & Johnson Bharat Biotech Beijing Tiantan Biologist Products Co.,Ltd Lanzhou Institute of Biological Products Sinovac Wuhan Institute of Biological Products Split by regions, this report focuses on the production, revenue, consumption and market share of Vaccines in these regions, from 2011 to 2020 (forecast), covering USA EU Japan China India Southeast Asia To Get Complete Report  –  http://www.qyresearchreports.net/market-research-report/global-and-china-vaccines-research-report-to-2020 All Reports of This Category – http://www.qyresearchreports.net/category/automotive-market Table of Contents 1 Vaccines Overview and Price of Each Type 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Vaccines 1.2 Global and China Vaccines Production, Growth Rate 2011 to 2020 1.3 Global and China Vaccines Revenue, Growth Rate 2011 to 2020 1.4 Product Segments and Price of Each Type 1.4.1 Live, attenuated vaccines and Price List (2015-2016) 1.4.2 Inactivated vaccines and Price List (2015-2016) 1.4.3 Conjugate vaccines and Price List (2015-2016) 1.4.4 Subunit vaccines and Price List (2015-2016) 1.4.5 Toxoid vaccines and Price List (2015-2016) 1.4.6 DNA vaccines and Price List (2015-2016) 1.4.7 Recombinant vector vaccines and Price List (2015-2016) 1.5 Price List (Interviewed) of Each Type for Key Manufacturers in 2015 and 2016 1.5.1 Price List (Interviewed) of Live, attenuated vaccines by Key Manufacturers 1.5.2 Price List (Interviewed) of Inactivated vaccines by Key Manufacturers 1.5.3 Price List (Interviewed) of Conjugate vaccines by Key Manufacturers 1.5.4 Price List (Interviewed) of Subunit vaccines by Key Manufacturers 1.6 Global and China Vaccines Market Share by Type in 2015 1.6.1 Global Vaccines Market Share by Type in 2015 1.6.2 China Vaccines Market Share by Type in 2015 2 Global and China Market Competition Analysis by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Market Vaccines Production, Revenue and Share List of Key Manufacturers 2015 to 2016 2.1.1 Global Market Vaccines Production and Share of Key Manufacturers 2015 to 2016 2.1.2 Global Market Vaccines Revenue and Share of Key Manufacturers 2015 to 2016 2.1.3 Global Market Vaccines Average Price of Key Manufacturers 2015 to 2016 2.2 China Market Vaccines Production, Revenue and Share of Key Manufacturers 2015 to 2016 2.2.1 China Market Vaccines Production and Share of Key Manufacturers 2015 to 2016 2.2.2 China Market Vaccines Revenue and Share of Key Manufacturers 2015 to 2016 2.3 Global Vaccines Manufacturing Base Distribution and Product Type of each Manufacturer 3 Global and China Vaccines Production, Revenue and Growth Rate by Type 3.1 Global Vaccines Production, Revenue and Growth Rate by Type (2011-2020) 3.1.1 Global Vaccines Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2020) 3.1.2 Global Vaccines Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2020) 3.1.3 Global Vaccines Price by Type (2011-2020) 3.2 Global Vaccines Production Growth Rate by Type (2011-2020) 3.2.1 Live, attenuated vaccines Production and Production Growth Rate 2011-2020 3.2.2 Inactivated vaccines Production and Production Growth Rate 2011-2020 3.2.3 Conjugate vaccines Production and Production Growth Rate 2011-2020 3.2.4 Subunit vaccines Production and Production Growth Rate 2011-2020… Latest Market Research Reports – Israel Stainless Steel Welding Rod Industry 2016 Market Research Report Global Wet Tissues and Wipes Market Research Report 2016 Global Ventilation Equipment Market Research Report 2016 About Us – QY Research Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.  We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world is most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our database consists of 200,000+ market research reports with detailed & minute market research. Media Contact – Company Name: QY Research Reports Email: sales@qyresearchreports.net Phone: +1-855-455-8662 (US/CANADA) Web: http://qyresearchreports.net Sample Request  – (Click here) –  http://www.qyresearchreports.net/sample-request/23200 Filed in: Business Tags: and Opportunity Assessment, Competitive Strategies, Market Growth, Market Size, Vaccines Market - Global Industry Analysis Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Plano Sunglasses in Europe Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 2017 Latest Report Donuts and Pastries Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin and Forecast – 2022 by QY Research Reports 2017 Latest Report Anticoagulants Market – Global Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Market Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin And Demand fROM, 2016 – 2022 by QY Research Reports N-octyl Mercaptan (CAS 111-88-6) Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Plano Sunglasses in Europe Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 2017 Latest Report Donuts and Pastries Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin and Forecast – 2022 by QY Research Reports 2017 Global Market Trend Vaccines Market – Global Industry Analysis, Market size, Market Growth, Competitive Strategies, and Opportunity Assessment And Worldwide Demand, 2022 by QY Research Reports 2017 Latest Report Anticoagulants Market – Global Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Market Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin And Demand fROM, 2016 – 2022 by QY Research Reports N-octyl Mercaptan (CAS 111-88-6) Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Latest News Dow 20,805 +141.82 +0.69% Nasdaq 6,084 +28.57 +0.47% S&P 500 2,382 +16.01 +0.68% 12:00 A.M. ET Retail Isn't Dead 5/19 Updated Wine and cheese make you smart and healthy, according to new studies 5/19 Updated Millennials and baby boomers have conflicting views on when it’s time to pay your own way 5/19 Updated When they’re not eating avocado toast, millennials spend five hours a day doing this… 5/19 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 5/19 Updated ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 5/19 Updated American women are having babies later — and in 2017 are still conflicted about it 5/19 Updated Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 5/19 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? 5/19 Updated This social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health 5/19 Updated Cryptosporidium doesn’t appear in the new ‘Alien’ movie, but the CDC says it lurks in swimming pools 5/19 Nearly half don’t have the cash to pay for a $400 emergency, Fed survey finds 5/19 Breaking Ex-FBI Director Comey to testify in public Senate hearing 5/19 How Much Power Does a Special Counsel Have? 5/19 Updated Turkish passenger tries to breach cockpit on American Airlines Hawaii flight: report 5/19 Giving Your Child an Edge, When Stakes are High 5/19 Job benefits that will save you thousands and the man who will get you out of medical bills 5/19 Adulting: When Did You Finally Grow Up? 5/19 Updated Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns 5/19 Updated Treasury yields suffer largest weekly fall in a month, as stocks stage a rebound Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Dynavax to Present Data on SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting By Published: May 19, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Share May 19, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - May 19, 2017) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation DVAX, -1.79% announced today that updated data from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada), will be presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting. The poster presentation will include updated data from those in the abstract. The details of the poster presentation are as follows: Phase 1b/2, open label, multicenter, study of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab in anti-PD1 naïve & experienced metastatic melanoma patients. Abstract: 9550 Track: Melanoma/Skin Cancers Date/Time: Saturday, June 3, 1:15 p.m. to 4:45 p.m. ET Location: Hall A; Board #158 About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, TLR9 agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body's innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax's lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Contact: Ryan Spencer VP, Corporate Strategy & Communications 510.665.4618 rspencer@dynavax.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. From MarketWatch More Coverage Florida woman wins $100,000 suing Starbucks for hot coffee — and other food-related lawsuits Drone pilots don’t have to register under FAA’s controversial rule, court rules Current White House official is target in Russia probe, and Trump told Lavrov that Comey was a ‘nut job’: reports Quote References DVAX -0.10 -1.79% Most Popular Trump administration wants to overhaul the way you repay student loans This social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Current White House official is target in Russia probe, and Trump told Lavrov that Comey was a ‘nut job’: reports President Trump Heads to the Middle East MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dynavax Technologies Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: DVAX $5.50 -0.10 (-1.79%) Volume 349.4K Open $5.55 High $5.63 Low $5.40 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 273.2M
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dental Drug Market Key Manufacturers, Regions and Share Forecasts to 2022 Dental Drug Market Dental Drug Market report describe Dental Drug Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force. The Dental Drug Market report titled “Global Dental Drug Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022” analyse the top manufacturers of Dental Drug Market with sales, revenue, and price of Dental Drug, in 2017 and 2017. Some medications are prescribed to fight certain oral diseases, to prevent or treat infections, or to control pain and relieve anxiety. Inquire more @ www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/inquirybeforebuy.aspx?na… . The dose of the drugs and instructions on how to take them will differ from patient to patient, depending on what the drug is being used for, patient’s age, weight, and other considerations. There are a number of different drugs that dentist may prescribe, depending on patients condition The Dental Drug Market report focuses on the Dental Drug in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Dental Drug Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Merck, Bayer, J&J, GSK, 3M, Sunstar, Colgate-Palmolive, DenMat, Showa Yakuhin Kako, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Septodont, Roche, PerioChip, Hutchison China MediTech, Xiuzheng Pharmaceutical, Acteon, Xttrium Laboratorie and Mediwin Pharmaceuticals Dental Drug Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers: North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) and Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Dental Drug Market Segment by Type, covers OTC Prescription Product Access a Copy @ www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=1002939 . Dental Drug Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Hospitals Dental Clinics Drugstores There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Dental Drug market. Chapter 1, to describe Dental Drug Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Dental Drug, with sales, revenue, and price of Dental Drug, in 2017 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2017 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Dental Drug, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Dental Drug market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Dental Drug sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source View more @ www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=1002939 . List of Tables and Figures Figure Dental Drug Picture Table Product Specifications of Dental Drug Figure Global Sales Market Share of Dental Drug by Types in 2016 Table Dental Drug Types for Major Manufacturers Figure OTC Picture Figure Prescription Product Picture ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. 2nd floor, metropole, Next to inox theatre, Bund garden road, Pune-411001. + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Quantum Dots Display Market Key Trends and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext United States Breast Cancer Therapeutics Drugs Market: Industry Research and Forecast Analysis 2017 Search Recent Posts Automotive Financing Market Analysis, Strategic Assessment, Trend Outlook and Bussiness Opportunities 2017-2020 Spinnaker Development Corporation Completes Going Private Transaction MITRE Names Jacklyn Wynn VP, Veterans Affairs Fall 2017 White House Internship Program Hospital Acquired Infections Market Trend and Worldwide 2022 Foresight Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dynavax to Present Data on SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting BERKELEY, CA–(Marketwired – May 19, 2017) – Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced today that updated data from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax’s intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada), will be presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting. The poster presentation will include updated data from those in the abstract. The details of the poster presentation are as follows: Phase 1b/2, open label, multicenter, study of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab in anti-PD1 naïve & experienced metastatic melanoma patients. Abstract: 9550 Track: Melanoma/Skin Cancers Date/Time: Saturday, June 3, 1:15 p.m. to 4:45 p.m. ET Location: Hall A; Board #158 About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax’s proprietary, second-generation, TLR9 agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body’s innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax’s lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking” statements, including expectations for the conduct of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the „Risk Factors” section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax’s website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsNASDAQ:DVAX Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ascent Solar Announces Improved First Quarter 2017 Results Next PostNext Global Polybutylene Terephthalate Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type And Application, Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dynavax to Present Data on SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA(R) at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting BERKELEY, CA–(Marketwired – May 19, 2017) – Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced today that updated data from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax’s intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada), will be presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting. The poster presentation will include updated data from those in the abstract. The details of the poster presentation are as follows: Phase 1b/2, open label, multicenter, study of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab in anti-PD1 naïve & experienced metastatic melanoma patients. Abstract: 9550 Track: Melanoma/Skin Cancers Date/Time: Saturday, June 3, 1:15 p.m. to 4:45 p.m. ET Location: Hall A; Board #158 About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax’s proprietary, second-generation, TLR9 agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body’s innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax’s lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking” statements, including expectations for the conduct of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the „Risk Factors” section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax’s website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsNASDAQ:DVAX Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ascent Solar Announces Improved First Quarter 2017 Results Next PostNext Global Polybutylene Terephthalate Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type And Application, Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Dynavax Technologies May 19, 2017 06:00 ET Dynavax to Present Data on SD-101 in Combination with KEYTRUDA® at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting BERKELEY, CA--(Marketwired - May 19, 2017) - Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ: DVAX) announced today that updated data from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax's intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 therapy developed by Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada), will be presented in a poster at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting. The poster presentation will include updated data from those in the abstract. The details of the poster presentation are as follows: Phase 1b/2, open label, multicenter, study of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab in anti-PD1 naïve & experienced metastatic melanoma patients. Abstract: 9550 Track: Melanoma/Skin Cancers Date/Time: Saturday, June 3, 1:15 p.m. to 4:45 p.m. ET Location: Hall A; Board #158 About SD-101 SD-101 is Dynavax's proprietary, second-generation, TLR9 agonist CpG-C class oligodeoxynucleotide. SD-101 is being studied for its multiple anti-tumor activities in innate immune cells and activation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to stimulate T cells specific for antigens released from dying tumor cells. TLR9 agonists such as SD-101 enhance T and B cell responses and provide potent Type 1 interferon induction and maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells to antigen-presenting cells. SD-101 is being evaluated in several Phase 1/2 oncology studies to assess its safety and activity. For information about SD-101 trials that are currently recruiting patients, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Dynavax Dynavax is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on leveraging the power of the body's innate and adaptive immune responses through toll-like receptor stimulation. Dynavax is developing product candidates for use in multiple cancer indications, as a vaccine for the prevention of hepatitis B and as a disease modifying therapy for asthma. Dynavax's lead product candidates are SD-101, an investigational cancer immunotherapeutic currently in Phase 1/2 studies, and HEPLISAV-B, a Phase 3 investigational adult hepatitis B vaccine. For more information, visit www.dynavax.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements, including expectations for the conduct of clinical trials of SD-101. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, including whether we can timely provide adequate clinical supplies; initiation, enrollment and completion of clinical trials of SD-101; the results of clinical trials and the impact of those results on the initiation or continuation of subsequent trials and issues arising in the regulatory process; the ability to successfully develop and commercialize SD-101; and whether or not Dynavax and parties with whom we are collaborating may reach any future agreement on further studies or a more extensive collaboration beyond the clinical trials contemplated under the existing agreements, as well as other risks detailed in the "Risk Factors" section of our current periodic reports with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update information herein to reflect events or circumstances in the future, even if new information becomes available. Information on Dynavax's website at www.dynavax.com is not incorporated by reference in our current periodic reports with the SEC. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Contact Information Contact: Ryan Spencer VP, Corporate Strategy & Communications 510.665.4618 rspencer@dynavax.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Dynavax Technologies From this industry Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Biotech Drugs Trials See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Dental Drug Market Report 2017 explores Merck, Bayer, J&J, GSK, 3M, Sunstar, Colgate-Palmolive, DenMat, Showa Yakuhin Kako these Players Dental Drug Market Report offered by DecisionDatabases.com gives a market overview of the Dental Drug industry which covers product scope, market revenue, opportunities, growth rate, sales volumes and figures. The report also explores the worldwide players of the market and is segmented by region, type and application with forecast to 2022. There are a number of different drugs that dentist may prescribe, depending on patient’s condition. Some medications are prescribed to fight certain oral diseases, to prevent or treat infections, or to control pain and relieve anxiety. The dose of the drugs and instructions on how to take them will differ from patient to patient, depending on what the drug is being used for, patient’s age, weight, and other considerations. This report focuses on the Dental Drug in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application.  Browse the complete report and table of contents @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/17279-dental-drug-market-analysis-report Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Merck, Bayer, J&J, GSK, 3M, Sunstar, Colgate-Palmolive, DenMat, Showa Yakuhin Kako, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Septodont, Roche, PerioChip, Hutchison China MediTech, Xiuzheng Pharmaceutical, Acteon, Xttrium Laboratorie, Mediwin Pharmaceuticals Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers OTC, Prescription Product Download Free Sample Report of Global Dental Drug Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-17279 Major Points from Table of Contents – Chapter 1, to describe Dental Drug Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Dental Drug, with sales, revenue, and price of Dental Drug, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Dental Drug, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Dental Drug market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Dental Drug sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source. Purchase the complete Global Dental Drug Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-17279 Other Reports by DecisionDatabases.com: Global Hybrid-Ceramic Dental CAD/CAM Material Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/13309-hybrid-ceramic-dental-cadcam-material-industry-market-report About-Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsChemical, Chemicals, Dental Drug Industry Report, Dental Drug Market, Dental Drug Market Analysis, Dental Drug Market Growth, Dental Drug Market Outlook, Dental Drug Market Report, Dental Drug Market Trends, Drug Discovery, Global Dental Drug Industry Report, health-care services, Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Breast Cancer Screening Tests Market Estimated to Flourish by 2016 – 2024 : Persistence Market Research Next PostNext Trailer Axle Market Most Important Ethical Challenges, Trends, Competitive Situation Among the Top Manufacturers 2017 To 2022 Search Recent Posts Greenberg Traurig’s Maria Sendra Recognized as Silicon Valley Woman of Influence Condensate Contamination Detection Systems Market Would Register a Healthy Growth Rate During Forecast 2017 – 2025 AAC (Augmentative and Alternative Communication) Device Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities in Europe Forecast to 2022 Alimco Financial Corporation (ALMC: OTC Pink Limited) | Alimco Financial Corporation Announces Board and Stockholder Approval for Reverse/Forward Stock Split Chanticleer Holdings’ Previously Announced Reverse Stock Split Includes Warrants Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market Research Report: Trends, outlook and Opportunity Analysis 2024 This report on the pharmaceutical products and CMO market analyzes the current and future market scenario in Latin America. Most pharmaceutical companies are gradually outsourcing manufacturing activities to contract manufacturers in order to achieve efficiencies in cost, quality, capacity, and time to market or to obtain specific expertise in particular business category, which is not available in-house. Moreover, increasing cost pressures, cost benefits, and inclination of pharmaceutical companies to focus on core competencies such as R&D and marketing has created a need for pharmaceutical contract manufacturing outsourcing. The Latin America pharmaceutical products and CMO market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot that provides information about various segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the market with respect to the segments based on product type and countries. A detailed qualitative analysis of drivers and restraints of the market and opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. In addition, the section comprises Porters Five Forces Analysis for the CMO market in order to understand the competitive landscape in the market. This section of the report also provides market attractiveness analysis by country, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the pharmaceutical products and CMO market in Latin America. Based on product type, the market has been segmented into API and ingredients, finished dosage form (FDF), and pharmaceutical packaging. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on available approved drugs, prevalence of the diseases, available patent of drugs, regulatory access, and geographical coverage in LATAM. The market size and forecast for each of these segments have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. This exhaustive report includes 14 data tables and 43 figures to give readers a 360° view of the Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market. Browse through this 156-page report to know what factors will shape the market during the period 2016-2024 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/latin-america-pharmace… Geographically, the pharmaceutical products and CMO market in Latin America has been categorized into five major countries: Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Venezuela, and Rest of Latin America. The market size and forecast for each of these countries have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. The research study also covers the competitive scenario in these regions. The report also profiles major players in the pharmaceutical and CMO market in the region based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Bayer AG, Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., GSK plc, F. Hofmann La Roche, BASF SE, Boehringer Ingelheim Group, Pisa Farmacéutica, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Ferring Pharmaceuticals, and Inc., Landsteiner Scientific. The pharmaceutical products and CMO Market in Latin America has been segmented as given below: LATAM Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market, by Product Type API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging LATAM Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market, by Country Brazil API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Mexico API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Venezuela API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Argentina API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Rest of Latin America API and Ingredients Finished Dosage Form (FDF) Pharmaceutical Packaging Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Pharmaceutical Products and CMO Market during 2016- 2024 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DynaCERT Now One of North America’s Fastest Growing Companies as Output Accelerates for Fuel Saving-Greenhouse Gas Tech Next PostNext Global Low Power Next Generation Display Market is Growing Exponentially by 2022 – Orbis Research Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of Home Capital Group Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm L Brands’ Aggressive Market Testing Suggests That It Might Be Gearing Up For Major Changes Key Takeaways From Wal-Mart’s Q1 Earnings Introducing Doodah, A Portable Entertainment Server Perfect for Kids Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Policy Statement Promotes PA Practice The Four Biggest Issues Hospitals Face iMedicalApps: Quality, Safety of Health Apps Remains Murky cme/ce Oral GnRH Antagonist Relieves Endometriosis Pain 'A Very Dangerous Interpretation': What We Heard This Week LATEST MEDICAL NEWS OB/Gyn cme/ce Oral GnRH Antagonist Relieves Endometriosis Pain Elagolix phase III trial shows efficacy, hypoestrogenic side effects MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Molly Walker Staff Writer, MedPage Today May 19, 2017 Action Points Note that two randomized trials of a novel GnRH agonist demonstrated efficacy for the treatment of endometriosis-related symptoms. Be aware that the longer-term efficacy of the agent has not been evaluated. Elagolix, a gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist, was effective in improving pain relief with menstruation and pelvic pain among women with endometriosis compared with use of placebo, according to the results of two phase III clinical trials. Both trials tested a higher dose (200 mg twice daily) and a lower dose (150 mg once daily) of elagolix and found that a significantly higher proportion of women in the intervention groups had a clinically meaningful reduction in dysmenorrhea and non-menstrual pelvic pain versus controls, reported Hugh S. Taylor, MD, chair of Obstetrics, Gynecology, and Reproductive Sciences at Yale University, and colleagues. However, adverse events included hot flushes, decreases in bone mineral density, and higher levels of serum lipids, all of which were significantly higher in the intervention groups, the authors wrote online in the New England Journal of Medicine. The study was presented simultaneously at the 13th World Congress on Endometriosis in Vancouver. First-line therapies for endometriosis pain include nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and progestin-containing oral contraceptives, the authors explained. Injectable depot forms of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonists are considered second-line therapies. However, although the authors argued that injectable GnRH agonists are "effective" and "reduce estrogen levels to postmenopausal levels," since side effects include progressive bone loss and severe vasomotor symptoms, the agents can be used only for 6 months without hormone-replacement therapy. Taylor et al noted that phase II trials of oral, non-peptide elagolix showed efficacy in controlling dysmenorrhea and non-menstrual pelvic pain, with "partial estrogen suppression" at a once-daily 150 mg dose. However, a phase I study of elagolix at 200 mg twice daily "led to nearly full estrogen suppression." The team conducted two multicenter, double-blind, randomized, 6-month, phase III trials -- called Elaris Endometriosis I and II (EM-I and EM-II, respectively). Premenopausal women from ages 18 to 49 who received a surgical diagnosis of endometriosis in the previous 10 years were eligible to participate. Prior to the 6-month treatment period, women discontinued use of hormone-replacement therapy, if applicable, and switched from use of usual analgesic agents to "rescue medication" of 500 mg of naproxen, an opioid according to country or both. Patients were then treated for 6 months and followed for up to 12 months. Overall, 653 women in Elaris EM-I and 632 in Elaris EM-II completed treatment. Women were a mean age of 31 to 33, over 85% were white, mean body mass index was 27 to 28, and all had a surgical diagnosis of endometriosis for over 40 months. A significantly higher portion of both high-dose and low-dose elagolix groups had a clinically meaningful reduction in dysmenorrhea and decreased or stable use of rescue analgesic agents for pain at 3 months of treatment: 75.8% (EM-I high-dose), 46.4% (EM-I low-dose),EM-I: 19.6% (EM-I placebo, P<0.001 for all) 72.4% (EM-II high-dose), 43.4% (EM-II low-dose), 22.7% (EM-II placebo, P<0.001 for all) Similar results were seen in the proportion of women with a clinically meaningful reduction in non-menstrual pelvic pain and decreased or stable use of analgesics at 3 months: 54.5% (EM-I high-dose), 50.4% (EM-I low-dose), EM-I: 36.5% (EM-I placebo, P<0.001 for all) 57.8% (EM-II high-dose), 49.8% (EM-II low-dose), 36.5% (EM-II placebo, P<0.001 for high-dose, P=0.003 for low-dose) Secondary endpoints included reduction in pain from baseline to 3 months as measured with the Numeric Rating Scale, as well as significant reductions from baseline to 6 months in pain scores for dysmenorrhea and non-menstrual pelvic pain. These reductions were "apparent at 1 month and sustained at 6 months," the authors said. Regarding safety, a significantly greater portion of women in the intervention groups reported "mild or moderate" hot flushes. Most women in the intervention groups also had significantly greater mean decreases in bone mineral density at the lumbar spine, femoral neck, and total hip from baseline to 6 months. Lipid measurements, such as total cholesterol, LDL and HDL cholesterol, and triglycerides, significantly increased from baseline to 6 months for most women in the intervention group. There was one death (a suicide) in the lower-dose elagolix group in the EM-II trial. Overall, 10% or less of the women discontinued participation due to adverse events. There were 23 pregnancies in both trials, including eight in the intervention groups. Of those, there were three live births, one spontaneous abortion, two pregnancy terminations, and two losses to follow-up. The authors noted that "elagolix did not completely suppress ovulation at either of the two doses," despite the women being instructed to use non-hormonal contraception during the trial. But the team cautioned that no conclusions on the effect of the drug on pregnancy could be made, due to the small number of pregnancies. Limitations to the data include the entry criteria (excluding women with a z-score of less than -1.5 for bone mineral density or women with large endometriomas) and the length of the intervention period. The researchers noted that because these trials were limited to 6 months of treatment, "longer-term or repeated courses" of the drug will likely be needed for medical management. The authors also recommended "additional evaluation of the overall safety profile" of the drug over multiple courses of treatment. This study was supported by AbbVie. Taylor disclosed support from AbbVie, Pfizer, Ovascience, Bayer, Perrigo, and Therapeutics MD. Other co-authors disclosed support from the National Institutes of Health, APESP, AbbVie, Bayer Schering, Actavis, Glenmark, Bayer Healthcare, Endoceutics, Merck, Radius, Shionogi, Agile Therapeutics, Exeltis/CHEMOFrance, Pfizer, Sermonix Pharmaceuticals, TEVA/HR Pharma, TherapeuticsMD, InnovaGyn, Repros Therapeutics, Juniper Pharmaceuticals, NextGen Jane, Myovant Pharmaceuticals, Guerbet, Vifor Pharma, Merck-Serono, Merck Sharp & Dohme, Roche, Pfizer, Allergan, Johnson & Johnson, amag Pharmaceuticals, Ascend Therapeutics, Azure Biotech, Millendo Therapeutics, Nuelle, Radius Health, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Roivant Sciences, Sanofi S.A., Sebela Pharmaceuticals, Shionogi, Symbiotec Pharmalab, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Novo Nordisk, Amgen, Eisai, Noven Pharmaceuticals, JDS Therapeutics LLC, Perrigo Company PLC, Sprout Pharmaceuticals, Sermonix Pharmaceuticals, New England Research Institute, Palatin Technologies, Symbio Research, GlaxoSmithKline, Radius, and Shire. Co-authors also disclosed patents pending on markers for endometriosis, as well as serving as president, World Endometriosis Society and President-elect, International Federation of Fertility Societies, and serving as editor-in-chief of the Journal of Endometriosis and Pelvic Pain Disorders. Reviewed by F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE Assistant Professor, Section of Nephrology, Yale School of Medicine and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2017-05-19T16:16:00-0400 Primary Source New England Journal of Medicine Source Reference: Taylor HS, et al "Treatment of endometriosis-associated pain with elagolix, an oral GnRH antagonist" N Engl J Med 2017; DOI: 10.1056/NEJMoa1700089. take posttest 0 comments More in OB/Gyn Oral GnRH Antagonist Relieves Endometriosis Pain Prozac in Pregnancy May Up Risk of Infant Heart Defects Self-Sourced Abortion Deemed Safe in Irish Study USPSTF: No HRT for Preventing Chronic Disease About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/19/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 238% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/19/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc.'s Necessary Move Sends Shares Down as Much as 10% The need for fresh capital is a plight most drug developers face. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) May 19, 2017 at 4:27PM What happened Shares of Halozyme Therapeutics (NASDAQ:HALO), a drug developer with a keen focus on creating novel therapies to treat cancer, dropped as much as 10% during Friday's trading session following the announcement and pricing of a secondary stock offering after the closing bell on Thursday. So what As noted in a company press release late on Thursday, it priced 10 million shares of common stock at $12.50 per share, with the hope of raising $125 million in gross proceeds. As is customary for underwritten secondary offerings, the underwriters of the deal can also purchase up to an additional 1.5 million shares. Image source: Getty Images. The extra 10 million shares will increase Halozyme's outstanding share count by 7.8%, while the $12.50-per-share pricing of the offering was nearly 12% below where its shares closed on Thursday. The wide gap in pricing may suggest limited interest from Wall Street and investors on more shares being sold. As a reminder, issuing shares dilutes the value of existing shares that investors already own. However, this was a necessary move for Halozyme, with the company losing money and only having $179 million in cash on its balance sheet. It anticipates burning through $75 million to $85 million in cash this year. The purpose of Halozyme's offering is to fund the continued development of its PEGPH20 oncology program, as well as for other general corporate purposes. Halozyme's proprietary PEGPH20 is currently being tested in combination with Celgene's Abraxane in a late-stage pancreatic cancer trial, as well as in combination with Merck's cancer immunotherapy Keytruda in phase 1 studies for advanced non-small cell lung cancer and advanced gastric cancer, to name a few trials. Now what The good news for Halozyme shareholders, aside from today's pain, is that the company's Food and Drug Administration-approved products are seeing steady growth in royalties and product sales, meaning even with an acceleration in costs tied to its potentially more lucrative PEGPH20 program, we could begin to see losses narrow as soon as next year. However, the real "prize" here is PEGPH20 and its combination trial with Abraxane, which is currently enrolling in phase 3. As Halozyme's most advanced study by far, the HALO-301 trial could make or break its oncology program in the eyes of Wall Street and investors. Even though drugs can respond uniquely to different types of cancer, Halozyme would have a difficult time convincing investors of success throughout the remainder of its pipeline if HALO-301 doesn't find the mark. Initial data and preclinical data point to PEGPH20 being a success, but the failure rate of phase 3 studies is still high enough to merit a lot of caution right now. Given how much premium has been built into Halozyme's valuation because of its PEGPH20 program, I'd suggest sticking to the sidelines and waiting until we have that all-important phase 3 data in hand. Sean Williams has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Celgene. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info May 19, 2017 at 4:27PM Health Care Stocks Halozyme Therapeutics NASDAQ:HALO $12.91 down $-1.25 (-8.83%) Read More Halozyme Therapeutics Inc Rose 14% in October -- Here's Why Here's Why These Biopharma Stocks Soared at Least 10% Today Why Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. Stock Soared 39.6% in November This Week in Biotech: A Trifecta of Disappointment Mars ASCO While Biogen Scores a Big Victory Can Pfizer’s Cholesterol Drug Catch Up To The Competition? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc.'s Necessary Move Sends Shares Down as Much as 10% @themotleyfool #stocks $HALO
Latest News Dow 20,805 +141.82 +0.69% Nasdaq 6,084 +28.57 +0.47% S&P 500 2,382 +16.01 +0.68% 12:00 A.M. ET Retail Isn't Dead 5/19 Updated Wine and cheese make you smart and healthy, according to new studies 5/19 Updated Millennials and baby boomers have conflicting views on when it’s time to pay your own way 5/19 Updated When they’re not eating avocado toast, millennials spend five hours a day doing this… 5/19 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 5/19 Updated ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 5/19 Updated American women are having babies later — and in 2017 are still conflicted about it 5/19 Updated Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 5/19 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? 5/19 Updated This social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health 5/19 Updated Cryptosporidium doesn’t appear in the new ‘Alien’ movie, but the CDC says it lurks in swimming pools 5/19 Nearly half don’t have the cash to pay for a $400 emergency, Fed survey finds 5/19 Breaking Ex-FBI Director Comey to testify in public Senate hearing 5/19 How Much Power Does a Special Counsel Have? 5/19 Updated Turkish passenger tries to breach cockpit on American Airlines Hawaii flight: report 5/19 Giving Your Child an Edge, When Stakes are High 5/19 Job benefits that will save you thousands and the man who will get you out of medical bills 5/19 Adulting: When Did You Finally Grow Up? 5/19 Updated Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns 5/19 Updated Treasury yields suffer largest weekly fall in a month, as stocks stage a rebound Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Second Drug Receives FDA Approval for Bladder Cancer Based on Research Led by NYU Langone By Published: May 19, 2017 1:05 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has granted accelerated approval to a second drug in less than a month for first-line treatment for advanced bladder cancer – again based on clinical trial findings from the same researcher from NYU Langone's Perlmutter Cancer Center. In a study led by medical oncologist Arjun Balar, MD, the newly approved drug pembrolizumab, marketed under the brand name Keytruda, was shown to harness the immune system to shrink tumors in bladder cancer patients who could not tolerate the most effective chemotherapy, offering hope to individuals with advanced disease. These findings were first presented by Balar last October at the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology in Copenhagen and followed by an updated analysis in February at the Genitourinary Cancers Symposium in Orlando. Pembrolizumab joins the other recent FDA-approved bladder cancer drug atezolizumab (marketed as Tecentriq) as yet another treatment option. Atezolizumab's approval by the FDA last month also was principally based on clinical trial findings by Balar, who presented those in June 2016 at the annual meeting of the American Society for Clinical Oncology. In addition to frontline treatment, the FDA also approved pembrolizumab for patients with locally advanced or metastatic bladder cancer who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy treatment. "It is extremely encouraging for those of us who study and treat bladder to know that we now have a more robust set of FDA-approved options to aggressively combat this very serious disease," Balar says. "Approval of pembrolizumab underscores the prominent role of clinical research at Perlmutter Cancer Center." Balar's study found that injections of pembrolizumab shrank tumors by at least one third in 24 percent of study participants. Of those, five percent saw their tumor lesions disappear. All patients in the study were unable to take the current standard of care, cisplatin, which is a chemotherapy that prevents tumor cells from repairing damage to their DNA. More than half of bladder cancer patients, most of them elderly and ill, cannot take cisplatin because of its toxic effects on nerves, hearing and kidneys. "While five percent of patients who saw complete remission may seem like a small number, it's important to note that these patients would otherwise have no approved first-line treatment option and on average die within ten months," says Balar, an assistant professor of Medicine and Director of  the Genitourinary Medical Oncology Program at Perlmutter. About 76,000 Americans were diagnosed with bladder cancer in 2016, with men three times more likely than women to develop the disease. Easier on Patients While 62 percent of patients in the study experienced side effects linked to pembrolizumab treatment, most were tolerable, including fatigue (17 percent) along with itchy skin and diarrhea. Five percent of patients in the study stopped therapy because of side effect severity. When compared to chemotherapy, the side effect profile of pembrolizumab was "far less severe", Balar says. In addition, among patients who achieved a response, 83 percent were on-going at a median follow up at five months, while responses to most chemotherapies are temporary, he says. Part of a new class of drugs known as checkpoint inhibitors, pembrolizumab has been approved since 2014 for the treatment of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma, melanoma, and non-small cell lung cancer. The clinical trial, called KEYNOTE-052 (ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02335424), enrolled 370 patients at 50 research centers in the United States and Europe..   Checkpoint inhibitors focus on activating the immune system, which is designed to attack foreign organisms like bacteria, while leaving the body's healthy cells alone. To spare normal cells from immune attack, the system uses "checkpoints"– sensors on immune cells that turn them off when they receive the right signal. The body recognizes tumors as abnormal, but cancer cells hijack checkpoints to turn off immune responses.  Among the most important checkpoints is a protein called programmed death receptor 1 (PD1), which is shut down by pembrolizumab to make tumors "visible" again to the immune system. Past studies have found that levels of PD-L1, the signaling partner of PD-1, vary dramatically across patients with bladder cancer. Higher levels of PD-L1 are associated with higher likelihood of response, however responses are also seen in patients with low or absent levels, frustrating efforts to arrive at a consensus threshold for when doctors should prescribe – or not prescribe -- pembrolizumab or a similar agent in this class. The study was supported by Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. Balar is a paid consultant to Merck, the manufacturer of study drug, and the company that funded the study. The terms of these arrangements are managed in accordance with NYU Langone policies. Media Inquiries:Jim Mandler (212) 404-3525 Jim.mandler@nyumc.org   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/second-drug-receives-fda-approval-for-bladder-cancer-based-on-research-led-by-nyu-langone-300460770.html SOURCE NYU Langone Medical Center Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns Money Milestones: This is how your finances should look in your 30s Florida woman wins $100,000 suing Starbucks for hot coffee — and other food-related lawsuits Most Popular Trump administration wants to overhaul the way you repay student loans This social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Current White House official is target in Russia probe, and Trump told Lavrov that Comey was a ‘nut job’: reports President Trump Heads to the Middle East MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Antiemetics Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2022 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/19/2017 — New report on Antiemetics market is segmented by type of drugs into different categories such as 5-HT3 receptor antagonists, Dopamine antagonists, NK1 receptor antagonist, Antihistamines (H1 histamine receptor antagonists), Cannabinoids, Benzodiazepines, Anticholinergics, Steroids and Others. 5-HT3 receptor antagonists, Dopamine antagonists and Cannabinoids are popular categories of antiemetics. Dronabinol is the largest selling drug from Cannabinoids, whereas Domperidone dominates the dopamine antagonists. Ondansetron, Dolasetron and Palonosetron are the top selling drugs from 5-HT3 receptor antagonists. Antiemetics are used to treat the emesis arising from several medical conditions and include Chemotherapy, Motion sickness, Gastroenteritis, general anesthetics, Opioid analgesics, Dizziness, Pregnancy, Food poisoning, Emotional stress and Others. Chemotherapy leads the application segment as number of patients suffering from cancer is increasing day by day. Get Free Sample Report Of Antiemetics Market @ http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/world-antiemetics-market-opportunities-and-forecasts-2014-68519#RequestSample The leading companies in global antiemetics market include GlaxoSmithCline, Merck, Sanofi-Aventis, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly and Company, Pfizer, Astellas Pharma, Johnson & Johnson, Baxter International and others. Antiemetics market has witnessed a strong competition due to large number of companies are trying to focus their R&D efforts to manufacture universal antiemetic therapy, which would offer improved patient compliance. Competitors are also focusing on novel drug deliveries that would show better outcomes as compared to conventional therapies. The study identifies the potential market drivers, challenges and trends. Competitive landscape section provides explicit information of the top players ruling the global antiemetics market, their operating strategies, new launches, pipeline therapies and clinical trials. Porter’s Five Forces analysis has been used to determine the attractiveness of global antiemetics market. Market landscape for antiemetics is varied and contains numerous big and small players. Moreover, demand for antiemetic drugs is high due to increasing number of cancer population and diseases that lead to nausea and vomiting. Hence, supplier’s power is moderate for global antiemetics market. Antiemetics are the secondary indication for many of the medical conditions and it fascinates new companies to enter the market. Industrial rivalry is intense due to exhaustive R&D activities and clinical trials to innovate the universal antiemetic therapy. Do Inquiry To Buy Report Of Antiemetics Market @ http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/world-antiemetics-market-opportunities-and-forecasts-2014-68519#InquiryForBuying MARKET BY TYPE 5-HT3 receptor antagonists Dopamine antagonists NK1 receptor antagonist Antihistamines (H1 histamine receptor antagonists) Cannabinoids Benzodiazepines Anticholinergics Steroids Others MARKET BY APPLICATION Chemotherapy Motion sickness Gastroenteritis General anesthetics Opioid analgesics Dizziness Pregnancy Food poisoning Emotional stress Others MARKET BY GEOGRAPHY North America Europe Asia-Pacific LAMEA Contact Us: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street, Suit #8138, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442, USA USA Tel: +1-386-310-3803 GMT Tel: +49-322 210 92714 USA/Canada Toll Free No.1-855-465-4651 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Web: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 32 and 64-Bit Microcontrollers Global Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext PYMNTS Presents a Way to Reduce Online Fraud Loss by 25% with CA Technologies Search Recent Posts Cal Water President & CEO Returns to House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Environment, Testifies on Solutions for Nation’s Drinking Water Infrastructure Challenges Petroteq Energy Inc. Announces Shares for Debt Transactions ThreeD Capital Inc. Announces Completion of Private Placement to Raise $380,000 Veresen Announces Common Share Dividend for May 2017 and Quarterly Dividend on its Preferred Shares Bruce Reid Announces Voting Control and Options on Common Shares of Liberty Silver Corp. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Policy Statement Promotes PA Practice The Four Biggest Issues Hospitals Face iMedicalApps: Quality, Safety of Health Apps Remains Murky cme/ce Oral GnRH Antagonist Relieves Endometriosis Pain 'A Very Dangerous Interpretation': What We Heard This Week LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Washington Watch Morning Break: Possible Revote on AHCA; Nacho Cheese Threat; Amazon Pharmacy? Health news and commentary from around the Web gathered by the MedPage Today staff MedpageToday savesaved by MedPage Today Staff May 19, 2017 The House may have to replace the bill it passed to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act -- depending on how the Congressional Budget Office scores it. (Bloomberg) The CDC reported that the number of people infected with a frequently multidrug-resistant fungus increased from seven to 122 in the past 9 months. (CNN, MMWR) Talk about bitter divorces: Pittsburgh cardiologist Jan Nemec killed himself last week rather than pay alimony to his ex-wife. (Pittsburgh Post-Gazette) A 33-year-old California woman developed partial paralysis and as many as eight other people became ill after eating suspected botulin-contaminated nacho cheese purchased at a gas station. (Fox News) Another potential fertility advance: mice became pregnant with the aid of artificial ovaries produced by a 3-D printer. (ABC News) The PD-1 immune checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab (Keytruda) expanded its indication list to include selected patients with advance bladder cancer. (Merck) Is online retailing giant Amazon about to expand into the prescription pharmacy business? (CNBC) Drug maker Janssen filed a lawsuit to block Korean-based Samsung Biocepsis from selling an infliximab (Remicade) biosimilar in the United States. (Reuters) Buzzfeed revisits sex education circa 1957. A prominent public health specialist examines the measles outbreak in Minnesota and the role of antivaccine activists. (STAT) As summer approaches, the CDC warns of parasitic infections, toxic gas, and other potential health hazards of swimming pools and water parks. (CNN) Could the Zika virus have a role in the treatment of glioblastoma? (Newsweek) Morning Break is a daily guide to what's new and interesting on the Web for healthcare professionals, powered by the MedPage Today community. Got a tip? Send it to us: MPT_editorial@everydayhealthinc.com. 2017-05-19T09:30:00-0400 0 comments More in Washington Watch Morning Break: Possible Revote on AHCA; Nacho Cheese Threat; Amazon Pharmacy? GOP Health Bill Could Look to Maine (NPR) Healthcare a Hot Item at Town Halls in Virginia, Nebraska D.C. Week: Gottlieb Confirmed at FDA About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Genitourinary Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2016 – 2024 : Persistence Market Research Genitourinary is a condition that deals with genital and urinary system. Genitourinary drugs are used to treat disorders related to kidney, ureters, bladder and urethra. The diagnosis of the genitourinary system involves the entire urinary tract and male genital tract. Genitourinary infections may be communicable and caused by organisms such as bacteria or yeast. It is estimated that one in five women will suffer from urinary tract infection in her lifetime Antibiotics are the first line of treatment for urinary tract infections. Genitourinary cancers are cancer in the urinary system e.g. prostate cancer, ovarian cancer, bladder cancer and cervical cancer. Growing incidence of genitourinary disorder will drive genitourinary drug market. Many pipeline drugs are under development that will expand the scope in the next few years. Increased demand of generics, continual patent expiration and the presence of counterfeit drugs is expected to impede the global genitourinary drug market. Earlier, patients suffering from the genitourinary system were provided with steroids and immunosuppressant, but it caused serious side effects such as diarrhea, nausea, and vomiting. To overcome side effects biological drugs turned up that may cause fever only and are highly efficient in the treatment of genitourinary infections. As of January 2014, about 3 million men had a history of prostate cancer, 608,620 had urinary bladder cancer, and 244,110 testicular cancer survivors were in the US. It is estimated that by 2024, the population of cancer survivors will increase almost 19 million. Technological advancement in genitourinary devices and rising concern about urinary health is anticipated to accelerate the growth of global genitourinary drug market. The global genitourinary drug market is segmented, by indication and product type. Based on the indication the global genitourinary drugs market is segmented into genitourinary cancer, kidney/renal cancer, ovarian cancer, bladder cancer, cervical cancer, prostate cancer, erectile dysfunction, urinary tract infections, sexually transmitted diseases, interstitial cystitis and others. Prostate cancer share is high in the indication segment. Therapeutics available for the treatment of prostate cancer are radiation therapy, immunotherapy, and anti-neoplastic agents. The increase in the survival rate, limited adverse effects are the factors, strengthening their uptake in the market. On the basis of product type, the global genitourinary drug market is segmented into urological, gynaecologicals, sex hormones and anti-infective. Anti-infective is expected to grow at the higher rate over the forecast period due to increase in the incidence of urinary tract infections. On the basis of regional presence, global genitourinary drug market is segmented into five broad regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa. North America is leading the global genitourinary drug market due to increased awareness about genitourinary diseases and associated risk factors. Europe market is also projected to experience growth in the near future. Asia Pacific market is estimated to grow at faster growth rate during the forecast period, owing to factors such as improving healthcare infrastructure, adoption of effective medicine and raising funds for clinical research. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12706 Some of the major players in global genitourinary drug market are Pfizer, Inc. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Genentech, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Abbott Laboratories, Bayer AG, Novartis AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Allergan, Merck & Co., Inc. Request to View Tables of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/12706 About Us  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a U.S.-based full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated research, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Consumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs.  PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s engagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. Contact Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com media@persistencemarketresearch.com Web:www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PepsiCo Advances 2025 Sustainability Agenda through Agreement with Partnership for a Healthier America Next PostNext IBM Named to Working Mother’s Best Companies for Multicultural Women List for 15th Consecutive Year  Search Recent Posts Mattis Praises Former Defense Secretary Hagel’s Selflessness Dunford ‘Enthusiastic’ About NATO’s Ability to Address New Threats Flooding at the Svalbard Global Seed Vault Reveals Critical Need to Keep Seeds in Farmers’ Hands All eyes will be on Uganda says minister ahead of 2017 youth meeting Watch for Manatees When Out on the Water Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > The Market Reports Tweet   Global Dog Vaccine Consumption (Units) by Applications (2012-2022) Analysis in Latest Research Report Global Dog Vaccine Market Research Report 2017 contains historic data that spans 2012 to 2016, and then continues to forecast to 2022. That makes this report so invaluable, resources, for the leaders as well as the new entrants in the Industry   Global Dog Vaccine Market Research Report (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 19, 2017 ) Global Dog Vaccine Market report is replete with detailed analysis from a thorough research, especially on questions that border on market size, development environment, futuristic developments, operation situation, pathways and trend of Dog Vaccine. All these are offshoots of understanding the current situation that the industry is in, especially in 2017. The will chart the course for a more comprehensive organization and discernment of the competition situation in the Dog Vaccine market. As this will help manufacturers and investors alike, to have a better understanding of the direction in which the Dog Vaccine Market is headed. Access complete report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-dog-vaccine-market-research-report-2017 With this Dog Vaccine Market report, one is sure to keep up with information on the dogged competition for market share and control, between elite manufacturers. It also features, price, production, and revenue. It is where you will understand the politics and tussle of gaining control of a huge chunk of the market share. As long as you are in search of key Industry data and information that can readily be accessed, you can rest assured that this report got them covered. Key companies profiled in this report are Sanofi-Aventis, Merial, Merck, Pfizer, Bioniche Animal Health, Bayer Healthcare, Zoetis, Heska Corporation, Virbac, Ceva Animal Health, Boehringer Ingelheim and others. Purchase a copy of this report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/519600 When taking a good look at this report, based on the product, it is evident that the report shows the rate of production, price, revenue, and market share as well as of the growth of each product type. And emphasis is laid on the end users, as well as on the applications of the product. It is one report that hasn't shied away from taking a critical look at the current status and future outlook for the consumption/sales of these products, by the end users and applications. Not forgetting the market share control and growth rate of Dog Vaccine Industry, per application. All the queries about this report can be asked at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/519600 List of Chapters: 1 Dog Vaccine Market Overview 2 Global Dog Vaccine Market Competitions by Manufacturers 3 Global Dog Vaccine Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 4 Global Dog Vaccine Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 5 Global Dog Vaccine Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 6 Global Dog Vaccine Market Analysis by Application 7 Global Dog Vaccine Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 8 Dog Vaccine Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Dog Vaccine Market Forecast (2017-2022) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion 14 Appendix Contact Information: The Market Reports Shirsh Gupta Tel: 06314071315 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   Prescription Medications hold the Largest Share in the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market Sleep Disorders are generally cause by changes in sleeping patterns as a result of medical issues, psychiatric problems, and environmental issues.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 19, 2017 ) Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market research report, published by Market Data Forecast estimates that the market is growing with a CAGR of 6.9% to reach USD 13.8 billion by 2021, from USD 9.89 billion in 2016, which amounts to a cumulative growth of USD 3.91 billion. Sleep Aids are drugs or medical devices which help a person to fall asleep. Improper sleep cycle or sleep disorders have severe effects on ones work life and health. Sleep Disorders are generally cause by changes in sleeping patterns as a result of medical issues, psychiatric problems, and environmental issues. The increased usage of caffeine, tobacco and alcohol has been causing sleep disorders in the population. For Full Report refer to: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-sleep-aids-market-1793/ The market is expected to show evident potential in the mentioned forecast period. The market is growing, as a result of the rising geriatric population and increasing awareness among various organizations about sleep disorders. With increase in the number of professionals working in night shifts and rescheduling their sleeping time, sleeping aids are likely to gain traction in the coming few years. Free Sample for report: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-sleep-aids-market-1793/request-sample The report also presents detailed analysis of multitude of factors affecting Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market bearing either positive or negative outcomes. Some of those factors are  Increase in demand for sleeping pills as a result of stressful modern lifestyle  Awareness initiative for sleep disorder by various organization ese,  Side effects associated with sleeping aids medications for sleep disorders  Patent expiration of treatment pills for sleep disorders. Request Discount: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-sleep-aids-market-1793/request-discount For granular level understanding the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market is segmented based on Sleep disorders, Products and Medication types each being provided with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts. Based on sleep disorder the sleep aids market is segmented under Insomnia, Sleep Apnea, Narcolepsy, Restless legs syndrome and Sleep walking. By product the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids market is segmented into Sleep Laboratories, Mattresses & Pillows, and Medication and Sleep apnea devices. On the basis of Medication types the segmentation is done under Prescription-based Drugs, OTC drugs and Herbal Drugs. Inquire Before Buying: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-sleep-aids-market-1793/inquire On the basis of geographical analysis, the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids market is segmented under various countries namely China, India, Japan, Australia and South Korea. China and India are anticipated to grow fast due to increase in population in these countries. Buy Now: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/asia-pacific-sleep-aids-market-1793 The major companies dominating the Asia Pacific Sleep Aids market are Pfizer, Cadwell, Merck & Co., Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Philips), Sanofi, Care Fusion Corporation, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Natus Medical manufactures, SleepMed, DeVilbiss Healthcare LLC. Sleep apnea remains to be the fastest growing segment compared to other sleep disorders, whereas Mattresses and pillows are expected to continue leading the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids market in coming years. On the basis of medication type, prescription medications hold the largest share in the Sleep Aids market. The Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market report offers wide-range of scope:  Regional and country-level analysis that provides an individual perspective of Asia-Pacific region and the aforementioned countries  Know more about key areas of industry growth via detailed Segment-level analysis on basis of Sleep disorders, Products and Medication types along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations  Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics  Strategic Analyses containing PESTLE and Porters Five Forces Analyses which are obtained by studying the macro & micro environmental factors that affect the market demographics  Comprehensive listing of key market players along with Company overview, product portfolios, financials (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview  Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies  Market Outlook - Investment opportunities devised by stand in experts to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market For more reports related to the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market: Asia-Pacific Antiviral Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-antiviral-drugs-market-1590/ Asia-Pacific Antifungal Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-anti-fungal-drugs-market-247/ Asia-Pacific Anticoccidial Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-anticoccidial-drugs-market-24/ Asia-Pacific Anti-Aging Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-anti-aging-market-1401/ About Market Data Forecast: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Most Notable Abstracts Released Ahead Of ASCO 2017 Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 19, 2017 8:21am   Comments Share: The American Society of Clinical Oncology, or ASCO, has scheduled its annual meeting on June 2–6, 2017, at McCormick Place, Chicago. The five-day event has Conquer Cancer Foundation as its lead sponsor. The event, typically attended by over 30,000, will be marked by presentations of results of clinical trials and updates, which give an overview of progress achieved in cancer research over the year. In the run up to the event, several biotech companies focusing on cancer research released abstracts of their presentation. Benzinga has compiled the most noteworthy abstracts for the benefit of readers. 1. NewLink Genetics Corp (NASDAQ: NLNK) New Link Genetics is scheduled to present data from two clinical studies of its IDO pathway inhibitors indoximod and navoximod, code-named GDC-0919, used in combination with other agents. GDC-0919 is being developed along with Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) (OTC: RHHBY)'s Genentech, with the testing done in combination with the latter's Tecentriq. The Phase 1b study tested safety and tolerance. Though the safety data was encouraging, there were concerns about efficacy. Reacting to this, shares of New Link fell sharply. However, sell-side analysts say the sell-off is unfounded, given that the efficacy results reflected a heavily pre-treated population with heterogenous/undefined tumor types receiving sub-optimal dosing. Meanwhile, indoximod is being tested along with Dendreon Corporation (OTC: DNDNQ)'s Provenge. The results of the Phase 2 study showed a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival for the combo. The indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase, or IDO, pathway regulates immune response by suppressing T-cell function and enabling local tumor immune escape. Source: NewLink Genetics 2. Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ: INCY) Incyte's Phase 1/2 data from the ECHO-204 trial, evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, its selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY)'s Opdivo will be presented at the ASCO. The abstract showed that no dose-limiting toxicities were observed in the Phase I study. New data to be presented by Incyte showed that Epacadostat in combination with Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) PD-1 therapy Keytruda was well tolerated and demonstrated durable clinical responses across multiple solid tumor. 3. Merus NV (NASDAQ: MRUS) Merus announced results from Phase 1/2 study of MCLA-128, its treatment candidate for breast cancer. It is a full-length IgB bispecific antibody, with enhanced antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytoxicity targeting HER2 and HER3 receptors. The company said it will initiate the Phase 2 clinical trial in the second half of 2017, exploring two metastatic breast cancer populations, namely HER2-positive patients and hormone receptor-positive/HER2-low patients. Merus noted that the Phase 1 portion established 750 mg, every week, as the recommended Phase 2 dose and the Phase 2 portion is ongoing, exploring selected metastatic indications, including breast, endometrial, ovarian, gastric and non-small cell lung cancers. 4. Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ: SNDX) Syndax announced Phase II results from the ENCORE 601 trial, which evaluated its entinostat in combination with Keytruda in treating melanoma. 5. CytRx Corporation (NASDAQ: CYTR) CytRx is scheduled to make an oral presentation of its global Phase 3 Aldoxorubicin clinical data in patients with soft tissue sarcomas, or STS. The company said the results continue to demonstrate prolonged progression free survival in sarcoma patients compared to standard treatments. The company is also set to make a poster presentation of data from Phase 1/2 trial combining Aldoxorubicin with Ifosfamide/Mesna in first- and second-Line STS. 6. ESSA Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ: EPIX) Early Phase 1 data from the ongoing Phase 1/2 study of EPI-506 to treat end-stage patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer is to be presented at the ASCO meeting. The company noted that three out of 18 patients showed prostate-specific antigen-declines at doses from 80 mg to 1280 mg. The candidate was also found to be well tolerated, with a favorable safety profile. 2 Other Notable Mentions Leap Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ: LPTX) — positive interim data from Phase 1 study of DKN-01 in combination with chemotherapy for patients with advanced biliary tract cancers. ImmunoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ: IMGN) — Top-line data from a Phase 1 Study of Mirvetuximab Soravtansine in ovarian cancer indicated favorable safety and efficacy profile in multiple combinations. Related Links: Mark Your Calendar For These Days In May To Play The Volatility Around FDA Decision Dates Stifel's ASCO Abstract Cheat Sheet Posted-In: Biotech News Health Care Previews FDA Events Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (CYTR + BMY) 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Thursday Citi Prefers These 4 Stocks Over Pfizer On Bottom-Line Concerns Sympathy Moves, Explained: Unsympathetic Earnings Season Continues As Nvidia, Advanced Micro Devices Diverge Here's What The FDA Approval Of Keytruda Means For Merck, And For Bristol-Myers Near-Term Events Cast Shadow Of Uncertainty On Bristol-Myers Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on RHHBY Trending Recent 1 AMD, INTC: AMD Downgraded, Analyst Thinks Intel Deal Is 'Unlikely' 2 AMD, TTC: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 WKHS, XGTI: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 AMD: AMD's Product Road Map Remains 'On Track... 5 NVDA, INTC: The Sell-Side View On Advanced Micro Dev... 6 ARNC, VZ: Jim Cramer Advises His Viewers O... 7 PBR, SBS: 18 Biggest Mid-Day Loser... 1 CSCO: Cisco's Sell-Side Roundup: The Good And Bad In Q3, And What's Next 2 TEVA: Vetr Issues Strong Buy As Teva Trends Down 3 REGN: Vetr Upgrade's REGN's On Price Growth Following Positive G... 4 RILY, LOW: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From May 18: B. Riley-Wu... 5 OLN, VALE: Fibria Celulose, Olin, Target, Vale: Fast Money Pi... 6 QQQ: Mike Khouw Sees Unusual Options Activity In QQQ 7 SLB, LUV: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion on Kellogg... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Mallinckrodt Rejects Jim Chanos Thesis: 'Misleading, Not Based On Fact'
20/05/2017 Search our Archive Home News Sport What's On Deaths Motoring About us Contact us You are in: > Leitrimobserver > News Questions continue to arise over HPV vaccine Reporter: Fiona Heavey 19 May 2017 0 Vaccination Many parents in the county and across Ireland are facing the decision to consent to the HPV vaccine for their daughters when they start secondary school this year. The HSE, Department of Health and Medical Care Professionals are advocating the free drug which they say can prevent cervical cancer. The HSE says there is no credible research linking the HPV vaccine to any chronic side effects and this is backed by research from The World Health Organisation and European Medical Boards. However, parents are hesitating and the take-up rate which was at 87% in 2010 has since fallen to 50%. The HSE has sent out leaflets and information to schools and parents and have hit out in the media at “unfounded fears” over the HPV. Dr Colette Bonner, deputy chief medical officer at the Department of Health, recently told the Oireachtas Committee on Health there was concern that online discussion about the HPV vaccine “may lead to reduced rates in the other childhood vaccines.” She stated, “Current parental concerns about HPV vaccine safety on social and local media which have no scientific basis are leaving large numbers of girls at a future risk of cervical cancer.” The families who blame the HPV vaccine for chronic illness in their daughters have been called “fake news” and scaremongers. This week founder of Jack & Jill Children's Foundation Jonathan Irwin has joined over 400 Irish families blaming the HPV vaccine for his daughter's chronic illness. He is calling for the Minister of Health to provide manufacturers' list of adverse effects, not listed on HSE leaflets. The Leitrim Observer has received a number of letters condemning coverage of Annaduff teenager Rebecca Hollidge, who is receiving treatment abroad for various chronic symptoms her family blame on the HPV. One of the letters condemning the coverage of Rebecca's story (republished at the bottom of this story) prompted parents of two local girls to respond to the backlash and criticism their girls are receiving. Rebecca's parents Peter and Yvonne ask the GP how did he access Rebecca's medical records in order to say he knows she will get better. The Hollidges say they are “amazed that a doctor does not understand the devastation that this vaccination has caused to hundreds of girls in Ireland and ten thousand fold worldwide, all suffering the same cluster of debilitating symptoms following the HPV vaccination, including seizures and early onset menopause.” They say they were not furnished with the true extent of the side effects associated with the vaccination as listed in the Patient Information Leaflet by Merck. They also say “there are doctors and specialists in Ireland that believe” there is a link between the HPV vaccine and Rebecca's symptoms. Sean Wynne from Drumshanbo said medical professionals are denying Rebecca a speedy recovery by denying her symptoms. He said, “ Cervical cancer is a recognisable and treatable condition, whereas, on the other hand, the adverse effect of the HPV vaccine are not acknowledged by the medical community. “Girls like Rebecca suffer in silence and are stigmatised by the Minister of Health HSE, along with many other medical professional groups.” The letters from the parents can be read in full on pages 20 and 21 of this week's Leitrim Observer. HPV prevents cervical and other cancers This letter was published in last week's Leitrim Observer, the name and address of the doctor is held by the paper. Madam, I was sad to see the photo of 17 year old Rebecca on the front page of your paper. I know it will be a slow recovery for her but she will get better. I would like to know the name of the clinic which was convinced there was a link to the HPV vaccination. As a family doctor who has looked after female patients over the years with cervical cancer I would do everything possible to try and avoid it. It includes giving the HPV vaccine and participating in the Cervical Screening Programme. When HPV vaccine was not available in Ireland, we had calls for it to be made available to all young people. Prior to 2007, patients had to pay hundreds of Euros for it. It not only prevents cervical cancer but also rectal and oral cancers. It prevents the second most common STI in Ireland, ie, genital warts. I have vaccinated the female members of my own family with it. The ladies who have died in my practice over the years with cervical cancer have left grieving patients, children and parents behind them. The cancer destroys the pelvic organs including the bladder and rectum. If you ever saw a patient suffer with cervical cancer die slowly, you never want to witness a second case. I am a male doctor who hates to learn of a diagnosis of cervical cancer in my practice. I was disappointed with your editorial which touched on the local issue and failed to tell us how to protect the young people of Ireland from serious diseases in the future. I feel you are a victim of the power of social media which fails to use information in an evidence-based manner. Yours in sadness, frustration and anger Name and address with editor. Leave your comment Share your opinions on Text Characters left: 1500 Digital newsstand Our latest editions exactly as they are printed Buy edition Browse edition Ant and Dec pictured earlier today in Drumkeerin where they met up with staff from the Leitrim Observer. Ant and Dec have been charming the locals during their recent trip to Co Leitrim Kiltoghert area Appeal following theft of four miniature horses in Co Leitrim Sligo University Hospital 17 patients impacted by chemotherapy drug shortage at Sligo University Hospital Leitrim deaths - May 19, 2017 Local Jack Foley from Kilclare pictured with Ant and Dec. Ant and Dec pay surprise visit to Leitrim Leitrim win Connacht Junior Title 2017 Leitrim win 2017 Connacht Junior Final Debate on HPV vaccine continues this week HPV Vaccine Debate Parents fight back against criticism Vaccination Questions continue to arise over HPV vaccine Stamp of approval for Dromahair photographer Kelvin Gillmor Leitrim deaths - May 19, 2017 - Evening update Leitrim store takes one of top prizes at prestigious XL Retailing Standard Awards Leitrim deaths Leitrim deaths - May 18, 2017 Tweets by @LeitrimToday   Home News Sport What's On Deaths Motoring About us Contact us Rss Privacy Policy Cookie policy If you wish, you can contact us using any of the methods below:  Leitrim Observer, 3 Hartley Business Park, Carrick-on-shannon, Co Leitrim Email: editor@leitrimobserver.ie Telephone: 071 9620025 This website and its associated newspaper are full participating members of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Leitrim Observer provides news, events and sport features from the Leitrim area. For the best up to date information relating to Leitrim and the surrounding areas visit us at Leitrim Observer regularly or bookmark this page. 
  Go Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guardian Life Guardian TV Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Features  |  Health   WHO says suspected Ebola cases in Congo rise to 29 By NAN   |   19 May 2017   |   10:55 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email WHO on Thursday said that the Ebola outbreak in Congo represents a “high risk” for the country. The number of suspected Ebola cases in Congo has risen to 29, up from 21, WHO spokesperson Christian Lindmeier told a regular UN briefing in Geneva on Friday. “As of this morning we have 29 suspected cases,” he said. He said that there were no new deaths in the outbreak, but 416 contacts of sufferers were being chased up in case they also developed symptoms. NAN reports that the WHO on Thursday said that the Ebola outbreak in Congo represents a “high risk” for the country. “As of now we don’t know the full extent of the outbreak,” WHO health emergencies programme director Peter Salama said at a press conference in Geneva. So far two cases have been confirmed, at least 18 others are suspected and three people have died in north-eastern Bas-Uele province. The campaign against the virus is expected to cost 10 million dollars over the next six months, according to WHO. The priority to is to find more than 400 people who were in contact with the confirmed or suspected Ebola sufferers, Salama said. An Ebola treatment centre has been set up in the region and a mobile clinic is due to follow. NAN reports that the Central African country has suffered seven previous outbreaks of Ebola since the virus was discovered there in 1976. The last outbreak, in 2014, left 49 people dead. The haemorrhagic fever has been most detrimental in West Africa, where it claimed more than 11,000 lives in 2014 to 2015. The WHO declared Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries that had been most effected by the epidemic, free of Ebola in 2016. NAN reports that on May 12, WHO said that the GAVI global vaccine alliance has some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck and could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak. The vaccine, known as “rVSV-ZEBOV”, was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published in December 2016. A spokesperson for the WHO told Reuters on Friday that a person in the Democratic Republic of Congo had died after becoming infected with Ebola, a contagious virus that causes hemorrhagic fever. NAN reports that on Dec. 23, 201, an experimental Ebola vaccine was highly protective against the deadly virus in a major trial in Guinea, according to results published in The Lancet. The vaccine is the first to prevent infection from one of the most lethal known pathogens, and the findings add weight to early trial results published in 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: EbolaWHO You may also like Eating suya increases death risk from nine major diseases 1 day ago  Health Walking three hours weekly can boost brain function, stave off dementia 1 day ago  Health Magnesium-rich foods may lower blood pressure, study suggests 1 day ago  Health New prostate cancer test could reduce painful biopsies by 50% 1 day ago  Health Anaesthetic wipes help men last five minutes longer in bedroom 1 day ago  Health Swallowable balloons work to curb obesity 2 days ago  Health More   Latest Iran President Rouhani leading in election 44 mins ago  World US judge dismisses discrimination suit by Texas 'clock boy' 55 mins ago  Technology Brexit, the thriller British film-makers never wanted 1 hour ago  Film Cult series 'Twin Peaks' makes long-awaited return 1 hour ago  Film Jessica Hope: I’m happier telling my clients’ stories 2 hours ago  Personality More   News Iran President Rouhani leading in election 47 mins ago  World Nurse lied over drugs he gave Adeleke, says Police forensic expert 2 hours ago  Nigeria UNIMAID engages 50 hunters over incessant suicide attacks in Borno 2 hours ago  Nigeria Delta Police arrest 26-year-old Keke rider, recover guns 2 hours ago  Nigeria Trending How we paid N12m into Justice Ofili-Ajumogobia’s bank account, by witness 29 Apr  News Messi, Ronaldo, and the greatest player in history debate! 29 Apr  Sport ‘It’ll be Zidane’s fault if Real Madrid loses La Liga’ 26 Apr  Sport First made-in-Nigeria phone debuts 25 Apr  Business News Buhari healthy enough for a second term, says Amaechi 30 Apr  News Top Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News National Africa World Business Opinion Talks From the Street Fashion Sport Entertainment Entertainment News Music Comedy Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Prescription Medications hold the Largest Share in the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market research report, published by Market Data Forecast estimates that the market is growing with a CAGR of 6.9% to reach USD 13.8 billion by 2021, from USD 9.89 billion in 2016, which amounts to a cumulative growth of USD 3.91 billion. Sleep Aids are drugs or medical devices which help a person to fall asleep. Improper sleep cycle or sleep disorders have severe effects on one’s work life and health. Sleep Disorders are generally cause by changes in sleeping patterns as a result of medical issues, psychiatric problems, and environmental issues. The increased usage of caffeine, tobacco and alcohol has been causing sleep disorders in the population. For Full Report refer to: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-sl… The market is expected to show evident potential in the mentioned forecast period. The market is growing, as a result of the rising geriatric population and increasing awareness among various organizations about sleep disorders. With increase in the number of professionals working in night shifts and rescheduling their sleeping time, sleeping aids are likely to gain traction in the coming few years. Free Sample for report: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-sl… The report also presents detailed analysis of multitude of factors affecting Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market bearing either positive or negative outcomes. Some of those factors are • Increase in demand for sleeping pills as a result of stressful modern lifestyle • Awareness initiative for sleep disorder by various organization ese, • Side effects associated with sleeping aids medications for sleep disorders • Patent expiration of treatment pills for sleep disorders. Request Discount: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-sl… For granular level understanding the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market is segmented based on Sleep disorders, Products and Medication types each being provided with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts. Based on sleep disorder the sleep aids market is segmented under Insomnia, Sleep Apnea, Narcolepsy, Restless legs syndrome and Sleep walking. By product the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids market is segmented into Sleep Laboratories, Mattresses & Pillows, and Medication and Sleep apnea devices. On the basis of Medication types the segmentation is done under Prescription-based Drugs, OTC drugs and Herbal Drugs. Inquire Before Buying: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-sl… On the basis of geographical analysis, the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids market is segmented under various countries namely China, India, Japan, Australia and South Korea. China and India are anticipated to grow fast due to increase in population in these countries. Buy Now: www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/asia-pacific-slee… The major companies dominating the Asia Pacific Sleep Aids market are Pfizer, Cadwell, Merck & Co., Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Philips), Sanofi, Care Fusion Corporation, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Natus Medical manufactures, SleepMed, DeVilbiss Healthcare LLC. Sleep apnea remains to be the fastest growing segment compared to other sleep disorders, whereas Mattresses and pillows are expected to continue leading the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids market in coming years. On the basis of medication type, prescription medications hold the largest share in the Sleep Aids market. The Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market report offers wide-range of scope: • Regional and country-level analysis that provides an individual perspective of Asia-Pacific region and the aforementioned countries • Know more about key areas of industry growth via detailed Segment-level analysis on basis of Sleep disorders, Products and Medication types along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations • Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics • Strategic Analyses containing PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses which are obtained by studying the macro & micro environmental factors that affect the market demographics • Comprehensive listing of key market players along with Company overview, product portfolios, financials (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview • Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies • Market Outlook – Investment opportunities devised by stand in experts to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market For more reports related to the Asia-Pacific Sleep Aids Market: Asia-Pacific Antiviral Drugs Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-an… Asia-Pacific Antifungal Drugs Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-an… Asia-Pacific Anticoccidial Drugs Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-an… Asia-Pacific Anti-Aging Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-an… About Market Data Forecast: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit MarketDataForecast Blog @ www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. 502, kakatiya’s empire, Jubilee Gardens, Hyderabad, India. +1-888-702-9626 (U.S. TOLL FREE), contact@marketdataforecast.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Worldwide OSS-BSS Software Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview Next PostNext Conversion factor for Exchange offer in SGB 1058 2017-05-19 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Web Based E-Detailing Market | Outlook Analysis Report 2015-2022 Release By DecisionDatabases DecisionDatabases.com offers Web Based E-Detailing Market Research Report. This Report covers the complete Industry Outlook, Growth, Size, Share and Forecast Till 2022. The global web based e-detailing market research report provides detailed information about the industry based on the revenue (USD MN) for the forecast period. The research study is a descriptive analysis of this market emphasizing the market drivers and restraints that govern the overall market growth. The trends and future prospects for the market are also included in the report which gives an intellectual understanding of the web based e-detailing industry. Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period. The Increasing adaptability of internet among the doctors are the major factors pushing the market uphill. But Initial cost associated with the web based E- detailing are high might restraint the growth in the coming years. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-8840 The report offers a value chain analysis that gives a comprehensive outlook of the web based e-detailing market. The attractiveness analysis of this market has also been included so as to evaluate the segments that are anticipated to be profitable during the forecast period. The web based e-detailing market has been segmented based on e-detailing formats such as virtual live e-detailing, scripted e-detailing, and e-detailing websites. The study incorporates periodic market estimates and forecasts. Each e-detailing formats has been analyzed based on the market size at regional and country levels. The web based e-detailing market has been segmented based on applications such as pharmaceuticals, and biotechnology. The report provides forecast and estimates for each application in terms of market size during the study period. Each application has been further analyzed based on regional and country levels. The report also studies the competitive landscape of the global market with company profiles of players such as AstraZeneca, Plc, Abbott Health care, Inc., Pfizer, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline, Plc, Boston Scientific, Johnson and Johnson and Merck & Co. Geographically, the web based e-detailing market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Table Of Contents – Overview 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Analysis Of Web Based E-Detailing 4. Web Based E-Detailing Market Analysis By E-Detailing Formats 5. Web Based E-Detailing Market Analysis By Application 6. Web Based E-Detailing Market Analysis By Geography 7. Competitive Landscape Of Web Based E-Detailing Companies 8. Company Profiles Of Web Based E-Detailing Industry Purchase Complete Global Web Based E-Detailing Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-8840 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsCloud Computing, Custom Blend Food Colour Industry Report, Global Web Based E-Detailing Market Report, IT service, Technology, Web Based E-Detailing, Web Based E-Detailing Industry, Web Based E-Detailing Industry Outlook, Web Based e-Detailing Market, Web Based E-Detailing Market Analysis, Web Based E-Detailing Market Growth, Web Based E-Detailing Market Report, Web Based E-Detailing Market Share, Web Based E-Detailing Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tennessee Highway Patrol Discovers 153 Pounds of Marijuana on Routine Traffic Stop Next PostNext Calcium Hydroxide (CAS 1305-62-0) Market Research – Global Industry Size, Analysis, Trend & Forecast 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Victaulic, American Red Cross and United Way Collaborate to Prepare Youth for Emergencies Frankly Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results WorkSource Coastal’s Summer Youth Employment Program now accepting applications Hypertension in Young Adults Shows Long-Term Heart Risks NYPPEX 2Q2017 Roundtable Webinar: Expect Higher Secondary Private Equity Transaction Volumes Ahead Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Karuna Pharmaceuticals to Present KarXT Tolerability Proof-of-Concept Data for KarXT, A Novel Antipsychotic Agent Targeting the Muscarinic Receptors, at Two Upcoming Medical Meetings BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Karuna Pharmaceuticals, focused on targeting muscarinic receptors for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) disorders including schizophrenia and Alzheimer’s Disease and a subsidiary of PureTech Health (LSE: PRTC), today announced that it will present additional data from the KarXT tolerability proof-of-concept study at two upcoming major medical meetings – The Society of Biological Psychiatry’s (SOBP) 72nd Annual Scientific Program and Convention and The American Society of Clinical Psychopharmacology (ASCP) Annual Meeting. The additional data will be presented by newly appointed Karuna Chief Medical Officer (CMO) and former Vice President and head of Neuroscience at Takeda, Stephen Brannan, M.D. and Karuna Chief Clinical Advisor and former Chief Medical Officer at Eli Lilly, Alan Breier, M.D. The Society of Biological Psychiatry’s 72nd Annual Scientific Program and Convention in San Diego, California Saturday, May 20, 5:00 pm PDT, poster presentation (#LBS 1315; Sapphire CP) The American Society of Clinical Psychopharmacology Annual Meeting in Miami, Florida Tuesday, May 30, 2:00 pm EDT, oral presentation (Salon 3, Americana Ballroom) Thursday, June 1, 12:30 pm EDT, poster presentation (#T58; Salon 4, Americana Ballroom) The presentations build on topline data from the KarXT tolerability proof-of-concept study, which were announced in December 2016 and provide a clear proof-of-concept that the KarXT approach improves the tolerability of xanomeline. In this study, KarXT was shown to reduce the incidence of prespecified cholinergic adverse events by a statistically significant and clinically meaningful extent (46%, p=0.016) compared to xanomeline alone and each individual cholinergic adverse event was reported at a lower rate in the KarXT treatment arm. The cholinergic adverse event rate was also similar to placebo during the lead-in period. No severe or serious adverse events were reported. KarXT combines xanomeline, a novel clinical-stage muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist, with trospium chloride, a muscarinic antagonist, and is being developed to selectively target muscarinic receptors in the CNS. Exclusively licensed to Karuna, xanomeline has demonstrated robust efficacy in reducing psychosis in both schizophrenia and Alzheimer’s disease in previous studies; however, it has been associated with side effects that have limited its development. “We’re excited to reveal additional data that support the enhanced tolerability of our proprietary KarXT approach,” said Andrew Miller, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of Karuna. “We’re also thrilled to welcome Steve as CMO to lead our clinical development and medical affairs efforts as we prepare to advance KarXT to a Phase 2 clinical trial this year. Steve’s impressive experience in drug development, his expertise in neuropsychiatric research, and his dedication to finding new treatments will be great assets to Karuna as we continue to work towards developing the first truly novel antipsychotic agent for patients with schizophrenia or Alzheimer’s in more than sixty years.” Dr. Brannan will lead the presentations at the ASCP Annual Meeting. In his new position as CMO, Dr. Brannan will oversee clinical development and medical affairs across Karuna’s innovative therapies for the treatment of psychosis and cognitive dysfunction across CNS disorders including schizophrenia and Alzheimer’s Disease. Dr. Brannan has extensive industry experience, having served as the Vice President and Head of Neuroscience at Takeda in addition to senior positions within Novartis, Eli Lilly, Forum Pharmaceuticals, and Cyberonics. He has been active in the development of important central nervous system treatments including Cymbalta, Exelon Patch, Trintellix, and VNS for Treatment Resistant Depression. Prior to working in the pharmaceutical industry, Dr. Brannan was part of the faculty at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio (UTHSCSA) where he specialized in Mood and Anxiety disorders. Dr. Brannan has over 40 publications and routinely gives invited talks and presentations at industry conferences. Dr. Brannan trained in psychiatry at UTHSCSA and holds a M.D. degree from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School. “I’m excited to join Karuna and to have the opportunity to have a key role in developing this exciting, novel approach to treating patients with psychosis and cognitive impairment,” said Dr. Brannan. “These disorders impact millions of people who have significant unmet needs for new and better treatments to adequately and safely manage their symptoms.” About Karuna Karuna is a clinical-stage drug development company targeting muscarinic receptors for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Karuna’s lead program, KarXT, is a product candidate consisting of xanomeline, a novel muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist that has demonstrated efficacy in placebo-controlled human trials in schizophrenia and Alzheimer’s disease, and trospium chloride, an FDA-approved and well-established muscarinic receptor antagonist that has been shown not to enter the CNS. Karuna intends to evaluate KarXT in a Phase 2 trial set to begin in 2017. Karuna’s Board of Directors includes Ben Shapiro, M.D., PureTech Health Non-Executive Director & former Executive Vice President of Research for Merck; Edmund Harrigan, M.D., former Senior Vice President for Worldwide Safety and Regulatory, Head of Worldwide Business Development at Pfizer; and Atul Pande, M.D., PureTech Health Chief Medical Officer & Former Senior Vice President, Head of Neuroscience and Senior Advisor, Pharmaceutical R&D at GlaxoSmithKline. Karuna’s Chief Clinical Advisor is Alan Breier, M.D., the former Chief Medical Officer at Eli Lilly. Karuna, co-founded by PureTech Health, has a worldwide exclusive license for xanomeline and has a patent portfolio more broadly covering selective muscarinic targeting enabled by the KarXT approach. For more information, visit www.karunapharma.com. Forward Looking Statement This press release contains statements that are or may be forward-looking statements, including statements that relate to the company’s future prospects, developments and strategies. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from current expectations, including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors included in the regulatory filings for PureTech Health plc. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of the company and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as at the date of this press release. Except as required by law and regulatory requirements, neither the company nor any other party intends to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Premier Real Estate Management, Inc. Becomes an Industrial Leader in Property Management Next PostNext Urinary Catheters Market Expected to Account for US$1,755.0 Million by 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market 2017-2021: Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 19 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market to 2021- Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment" report to their offering. This is a comprehensive account of the market size, segmentation, key players, SWOT analysis, influential technologies, and business and economic environments. This report highlights a number of significant pharmacos and gives details of their operations, products, financials and business strategy. The personalized medicine (global & USA) market is presented as follows: By Company (e.g., Qiagen, AFFYMETRIX, ATOSSA GENETICS, NODALITY, deCode /Amgen, CELERA, MYRIAD) By Segment (Targeted therapeutics, Companion Diagnostics, Liquid Biopsies) By Sub-market (Companion diagnostic, targeted cancer therapeutic, medical technology, pharmacogenomics, consumer genomics, molecular diagnostics, liquid biopsy) By Therapy (Cancer, Cardiovascular, Infectious Disease) Key Opinion Leaders that contributed to interview questions within the report include: - Iain D. Miller, PhD, MBA, Founder & CEO, Healthcare Strategies Group - Stephen Finn, MBBS, PhD, Associate Professor, Cancer Molecular Diagnostic Laboratory, Consultant Histopathologist and Head of Histopathology, St James's Hospital and Trinity College Dublin, Ireland - Ronald Przygodzki, MD, Director, Genomic Medicine Implementation at U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Washington DC - Elaine Kenny, PhD, Founder, Elda Biotech, Dublin 2, Ireland - Chad Clark, Co-President and Chief Operating Officer, Precision for Medicine - Tobias Guennel, PhD, Principal, Biomarker and IVD Analytics, Precision for Medicine - David Parker, PhD, Vice President, Integrated Market Access, Precision for Medicine - Deborah Phippard, PhD, Vice President, Research, Precision for Medicine - Judi Smith, MS, Vice President, In Vitro Diagnostics Regulatory and Quality, Precision for Medicine A wealth of financial data & business strategy information is provided including: - Company financials, sales & revenue figures - Business Model Strategies for Diagnostic, Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Companies - Business Model Strategies for Providers. Provider Systems and Academic Medical Centres - Business Model Strategies for Payers & Governments - Private and Public Funding and Personalized Medicine Reimbursement - Revisions to Current Payment Systems and intellectual property - How to Gain Market Penetration in the EU - Cost-effectiveness and Business Value of Personalized Medicine - Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostics (e.g., BRAC Analysis, Oncotype Dx , KRAS Mutations) - Comprehensive account of company product portfolios & kits SWOT, Economic & Regulatory Environment specifics include: - Key strengths, weaknesses and threats influencing leading player position within the market - Technologies driving the market (e.g., New-Generation Sequencing Technologies, Ultra-High Throughput Sequencing) - Top fastest growing market segments and emerging opportunities - Top pharmaceutical companies within the IPM by market share and revenue - Comprehensive product portfolios, R&D activity and pipeline therapeutics - M&A activity and future strategies of top personalized medicine pharmacos - Personalized Medicine Regulation (USA, UK, Germany, France, Spain, Italy) - CE-marked Personalized Medicine/Diagnostic Tests - FDA Advances in Personalized Medicine Regulation What you will gain: - An in-depth understanding of the global personalized medicine market and it's environment - Current market facts, figures and product lines of key players in the industry - Emerging trends in key markets such as the US, UK, Germany and France - Knowledge of how the personalized medicine market will integrate into the global healthcare market - Technical insights into new generation sequencing technologies and ultra-high throughput sequencing - Updates on bioinformatics, high throughput systems, genetic analysis kits, companion diagnostics and future technologies - FDA approved pharmacogenetic tests and recognized biomarkers - Information on key government and regulatory policies - Strategies on how to adapt and restructure current business models to this industry This report tackles key concerns to the personalized medicine market such as: - Lack of regulatory policy and legislation in the US and Europe - Reimbursement schemes and payers concerns - Transition of investigational diagnostic assays and therapeutics to clinical practice - Direct to consumer (DTC) test kits and implications for the public This report will tell you if the companies mentioned are: - Strong, competitive players - Pooling their resources for specific growth and therapeutic areas - Investing strategically in R&D - Have a history of strategic M&A activity Key Topics Covered: 1.0 Executive Summary 2.0 Introduction and Background 3.0 Personalized Medicine Targeted Therapeutics and Associated Companion Diagnostics 4.0 Personalized Medicine and Integration into the Healthcare System 5.0 Private and Public Funding and Personalized Medicine Reimbursement 6.0 European Personalized Medicine Market - Payments and Investment 7.0 Personalized Medicine -Business Model Analysis 8.0 Personalized Medicine Main Industry Players 9.0 Personalized Medicine Market Analysis 10.0 Strengths and Advantages of Personalized Medicine 11.0 Restraints of the Personalized Medicine Market 12.0 Personalized Medicine and Regulatory Policies 13.0 Final Summary and Future Perspectives 14.0 Interviews with Key Opinion Leaders Companies Mentioned - 23andMe - Abbott Laboratories - Agendia - Alere - Amgen - Astex Pharmaceuticals - AstraZeneca - Atossa Genetics - Becton Dickenson - bioMerieux - BristolMyersSquibb - ELDA BioTech - Eisai - Eli Lilly - Foundation Medicine - Genelex - GlaxoSmithKline - HalioDx - Johnson & Johnson - LabCorp - Life Technologies - MDxHealth - Merck - MolecularMD Corporation - Novartis MDx - Orion Genomics - Oxford BioTherapeutics - Pfizer - Qiagen - Roche Molecular Diagnostics - Sanofi - SensiGen - Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics - Ventana (Roche) - Vertex Pharmaceuticals For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wk98zk/personalized Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-personalized-medicine-targeted-therapeutics-and-companion-diagnostic-market-2017-2021-strategic-analysis-of-industry-trends-technologies-participants-and-environment---research-and-markets-300460730.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 19 May, 2017, 19:30 ET Preview: Global IoT in Agriculture Market Outlook and Forecasts Report 2017-2022: Markets will be Largely Driven By Scale of Farming Operations - Research and Markets 19 May, 2017, 19:00 ET Preview: Global Spirulina Market Outlook, 2022: Emergence of New Application Areas Provides Significant Opportunity - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 19 May, 2017, 19:00 ET Global IoT in Agriculture Market Outlook and Forecasts Report... 19 May, 2017, 19:00 ET Global Spirulina Market Outlook, 2022: Emergence of New... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market 2017-2021: Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 19 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Global Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market 2017-2021: Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 00:15 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market to 2021- Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment" report to their offering. This is a comprehensive account of the market size, segmentation, key players, SWOT analysis, influential technologies, and business and economic environments. This report highlights a number of significant pharmacos and gives details of their operations, products, financials and business strategy. The personalized medicine (global & USA) market is presented as follows: By Company (e.g., Qiagen, AFFYMETRIX, ATOSSA GENETICS, NODALITY, deCode /Amgen, CELERA, MYRIAD) By Segment (Targeted therapeutics, Companion Diagnostics, Liquid Biopsies) By Sub-market (Companion diagnostic, targeted cancer therapeutic, medical technology, pharmacogenomics, consumer genomics, molecular diagnostics, liquid biopsy) By Therapy (Cancer, Cardiovascular, Infectious Disease) Key Opinion Leaders that contributed to interview questions within the report include: - Iain D. Miller, PhD, MBA, Founder & CEO, Healthcare Strategies Group - Stephen Finn, MBBS, PhD, Associate Professor, Cancer Molecular Diagnostic Laboratory, Consultant Histopathologist and Head of Histopathology, St James's Hospital and Trinity College Dublin, Ireland - Ronald Przygodzki, MD, Director, Genomic Medicine Implementation at U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Washington DC - Elaine Kenny, PhD, Founder, Elda Biotech, Dublin 2, Ireland - Chad Clark, Co-President and Chief Operating Officer, Precision for Medicine - Tobias Guennel, PhD, Principal, Biomarker and IVD Analytics, Precision for Medicine - David Parker, PhD, Vice President, Integrated Market Access, Precision for Medicine - Deborah Phippard, PhD, Vice President, Research, Precision for Medicine - Judi Smith, MS, Vice President, In Vitro Diagnostics Regulatory and Quality, Precision for Medicine A wealth of financial data & business strategy information is provided including: - Company financials, sales & revenue figures - Business Model Strategies for Diagnostic, Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Companies - Business Model Strategies for Providers. Provider Systems and Academic Medical Centres - Business Model Strategies for Payers & Governments - Private and Public Funding and Personalized Medicine Reimbursement - Revisions to Current Payment Systems and intellectual property - How to Gain Market Penetration in the EU - Cost-effectiveness and Business Value of Personalized Medicine - Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostics (e.g., BRAC Analysis, Oncotype Dx , KRAS Mutations) - Comprehensive account of company product portfolios & kits SWOT, Economic & Regulatory Environment specifics include: - Key strengths, weaknesses and threats influencing leading player position within the market - Technologies driving the market (e.g., New-Generation Sequencing Technologies, Ultra-High Throughput Sequencing) - Top fastest growing market segments and emerging opportunities - Top pharmaceutical companies within the IPM by market share and revenue - Comprehensive product portfolios, R&D activity and pipeline therapeutics - M&A activity and future strategies of top personalized medicine pharmacos - Personalized Medicine Regulation (USA, UK, Germany, France, Spain, Italy) - CE-marked Personalized Medicine/Diagnostic Tests - FDA Advances in Personalized Medicine Regulation What you will gain: - An in-depth understanding of the global personalized medicine market and it's environment - Current market facts, figures and product lines of key players in the industry - Emerging trends in key markets such as the US, UK, Germany and France - Knowledge of how the personalized medicine market will integrate into the global healthcare market - Technical insights into new generation sequencing technologies and ultra-high throughput sequencing - Updates on bioinformatics, high throughput systems, genetic analysis kits, companion diagnostics and future technologies - FDA approved pharmacogenetic tests and recognized biomarkers - Information on key government and regulatory policies - Strategies on how to adapt and restructure current business models to this industry This report tackles key concerns to the personalized medicine market such as: - Lack of regulatory policy and legislation in the US and Europe - Reimbursement schemes and payers concerns - Transition of investigational diagnostic assays and therapeutics to clinical practice - Direct to consumer (DTC) test kits and implications for the public This report will tell you if the companies mentioned are: - Strong, competitive players - Pooling their resources for specific growth and therapeutic areas - Investing strategically in R&D - Have a history of strategic M&A activity Key Topics Covered: 1.0 Executive Summary 2.0 Introduction and Background 3.0 Personalized Medicine Targeted Therapeutics and Associated Companion Diagnostics 4.0 Personalized Medicine and Integration into the Healthcare System 5.0 Private and Public Funding and Personalized Medicine Reimbursement 6.0 European Personalized Medicine Market - Payments and Investment 7.0 Personalized Medicine -Business Model Analysis 8.0 Personalized Medicine Main Industry Players 9.0 Personalized Medicine Market Analysis 10.0 Strengths and Advantages of Personalized Medicine 11.0 Restraints of the Personalized Medicine Market 12.0 Personalized Medicine and Regulatory Policies 13.0 Final Summary and Future Perspectives 14.0 Interviews with Key Opinion Leaders Companies Mentioned - 23andMe - Abbott Laboratories - Agendia - Alere - Amgen - Astex Pharmaceuticals - AstraZeneca - Atossa Genetics - Becton Dickenson - bioMerieux - BristolMyersSquibb - ELDA BioTech - Eisai - Eli Lilly - Foundation Medicine - Genelex - GlaxoSmithKline - HalioDx - Johnson & Johnson - LabCorp - Life Technologies - MDxHealth - Merck - MolecularMD Corporation - Novartis MDx - Orion Genomics - Oxford BioTherapeutics - Pfizer - Qiagen - Roche Molecular Diagnostics - Sanofi - SensiGen - Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics - Ventana (Roche) - Vertex Pharmaceuticals For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wk98zk/personalized Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 00:30 BST Preview: Global IoT in Agriculture Market Outlook and Forecasts Report 2017-2022: Markets will be Largely Driven By Scale of Farming Operations - Research and Markets 00:00 BST Preview: Global Spirulina Market Outlook, 2022: Emergence of New Application Areas Provides Significant Opportunity - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 00:30 BSTGlobal IoT in Agriculture Market Outlook and Forecasts Report... 00:00 BSTGlobal Spirulina Market Outlook, 2022: Emergence of New... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market 2017-2021: Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 00:15 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Sexually Transmitted Disease Testing Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis – 2024 Sexually transmitted diseases, also referred to as venereal diseases, are infections transmitted through sexual contact and are caused by viruses, bacteria, and parasites. These infections usually do not show any symptoms. Medically, when symptoms are diagnosed through various tests, a patient is said to be suffering from sexually transmitted disease or STD. Apart from sexual contact, STDs can in some cases also be transmitted through childbirth, breastfeeding, and shared usage of needles. Gonorrhea, HIV, HPV, chlamydia, and syphilis are the common types of STDs. According to data released by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 2014, there has been an increase in the reported cases of STDs across the U.S. for the first time since 2006. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sexually-transmitted-d… Rise in incidences of unprotected sex has led to an increase in the prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases, thereby propelling the demand from the global sexually transmitted disease testing market. STD testing is usually advised by physicians even if a person does not show symptoms but has had unprotected sex. There are various types of STD diagnostics available in the market such as viral load monitoring, genotyping, immunoassays, and molecular diagnostic. Lack of awareness about sexually transmitted diseases and the rising incidences of unprotected sex have majorly contributed to the growing prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases. The global sexually transmitted disease testing market has been boosted by the high number of patients suffering from STDs, especially in the age group of 15 years to 24 years. In fact, this age group is the most vulnerable to STDs even though it is relatively a small portion of the sexually active population. Recommendations from various regulatory authorities for annual STD screening for sexually active men and women are expected to further fuel the demand for STD testing. STD screening services are now widely covered under health care services and are likely to augment the growth of the global STD testing market. For example, plans under the U.S. Affordable Care Act offer coverage for recommended STD screening services without cost-sharing. Regulatory authorities such as the World Health Organization have outlined strategies for the prevention and control of STDs. Research activities are being carried out to understand the growing prevalence of STDs, particularly Syphilis, among gay and bisexual men. All of these factors are anticipated to drive the growth of the global sexually transmitted diseases testing market. For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The global sexually transmitted disease testing market has been segmented into four key regions: Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. In North America, a reported rise in the number of people affected with STDs such as gonorrhea, chlamydia, and syphilis has fuelled the demand for sexually transmitted disease testing. Favorable government policies are also expected to boost the demand from the regional market. Recently, the outbreak of Zika virus and the possibility of the transmission of Zika virus through sexual contact have led authorities in countries in Africa and South America to recommend Zika virus testing. Prominent players in the global sexually transmitted disease testing market include Bayer AG, Merck and Company Inc., Abbott Laboratories, and Home Access Health Inc. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dextran Market 2022 Industry Overview and Competitive Analysis Says a New Research Report at ReportsnReports.com Next PostNext Magnetic Resonance Image-Guided Focused Ultrasound (MRgFUS) System Market: Latest Trends and Insights 2024 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Growing Prevalence of Congestive Heart Failure Drives the Demand for Dilated Cardiomyopathy Therapeutics Market Dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) is a significant cause of heart failure and a leading indication for heart transplant among children and adults across the globe. This condition is characterized by enlargement of ventricular chamber, thinning of heart walls and inability to sufficiently pump blood throughout the body. Dilated cardiomyopathy can develop at any age but is more common among people aged between 20 years to 60 years. Genetic inheritance is found to affect about 30% to 40% of the total DCM patients. Single gene mutations in either the structural proteins of the myocyte, such as dystrophin, metavinculin, and lamin, or of mitochondrial DNA are also a prominent cause of DCM. Other factors such as diabetes, thyroid disorder, alcoholism, viral infections of the heart and heart valve abnormalities can also lead to dilated cardiomyopathy. Moreover, according to the Pediatric Cardiomyopathy Registry, DCM occurs at a rate of 6 per million children. It is commonly diagnosed in younger children with an average age of diagnosis at 2 years. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/dilated-cardiomyopathy… The global dilated cardiomyopathy therapeutics market is studied from two perspectives i.e. by drug class and by geography. Till date, there is no FDA approved drug specifically for dilated cardiomyopathy treatment. Owing to the aforementioned fact, the drug classes used in treatment of dilated cardiomyopathy are essentially the same as that for treatment of congestive heart failure. Some of the widely prescribed drug classes in dilated cardiomyopathy treatment encompass aldosterone antagonists, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs) and beta blockers. Angiotensin II receptor blockers acquired the largest market share by revenue in 2013, followed by beta blockers. This is attributed to high demand for block buster drugs in dilated cardiomyopathy treatment especially in the developed regions such as North America and Europe. Aldosterone antagonists recorded high growth rate due to the identified positive impact of aldosterone antagonists when used in combination with either ARBs or ACE inhibitors in reducing the progression of Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD). Approval for this indication would further accelerate the overall sales of aldosterone antagonists, which in turn would positively impact market growth. Rising incidences of congestive heart failure across the globe is a prominent growth driver for dilated cardiomyopathy therapeutics market as DCM is one of the leading causes of heart failure. Globally, dilated cardiomyopathy accounts for approximately 30% to 40% of the total congestive heart failure cases each year. Owing to the alarming rise in incidences of congestive heart failure, several companies have initiated clinical trial studies to develop therapeutics specifically for dilated cardiomyopathy. For instance, Array BioPharma in 2015 is conducting a phase II study for its drug candidate ARRY-371797 for DCM treatment. Additionally, Celladon Corporation in 2014 completed its phase II study of MYDICAR for dilated cardiomyopathy treatment. Success of these clinical studies will boost the growth and demand for dilated cardiomyopathy therapeutics market in forthcoming years. However, promising gene therapy and availability of implantable devices (implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs), heart pumps and pacemakers) are major restraints to the DCM therapeutics market. Make an Enquiry @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Geographically, dilated cardiomyopathy therapeutics market is studied for four regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and the Rest of the World. In terms of revenue, North America accounted for the largest market share in 2013 owing to rising incidences of congestive heart failure and high acceptance of branded drugs. In the U.S., DCM is prevalent in approximately five to eight people out of every 100,000 people. In Canada, heart failure affects over 1% of the total population and is responsible for about 9% of all the deaths. Asia Pacific and Rest of the World markets are the fastest growing markets due to rising economic standards, growing disposable income and high demand for generic drugs. Key players in the global DCM market include Array BioPharma, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Celladon Corporation, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis International AG, Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi S.A., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and Vericel Corporation. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Napier Ventures Announces Appointment of Grant T. Smith as Director and Chief Financial Officer Next PostNext Radiology Information Systems Market: Technological Advancements, Evolving Industry Trends and Insights 2016 – 2024 Search Recent Posts Brian Kwok in Law360: Post-Grant Reviews To Grow In Number, But As A Niche Tool Increase in the Preference for Ultrasonic Marine Wind Sensor Market 2017-2021 Administration to Propose Deep Cuts to HUD Programs Fluctuating demand for Commercial Vehicle Poly-V Belt Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.18% during the period 2017-2021 NPF Draftees in NCAA Tournament Regionals Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
