Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the US and Canada, and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.1 “This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers,” said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. “Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need.” “This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers,” said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. “By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer’s deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients.” Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US.2,3 When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%.4 Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed.2 “Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low,” said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD, US. “Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease.” The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%).1 For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.1 BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.1 The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne™ program. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. CoverOne may be reached by phone at 844-8COVER1 (844-826-8371) or online at www.CoverOne.com. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum- containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate, (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In December 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III multicenter, multinational, randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study (JAVELIN Bladder 100) of BAVENCIO plus best supportive care versus best supportive care alone as a maintenance treatment in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease did not progress after completion of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. This trial is currently enrolling patients. For more information about JAVELIN trials, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. For full prescribing information and medication guide for BAVENCIO, please see www.BAVENCIO.com. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATIONS BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment, and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life- threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade ≥ 3) hyperglycemia, and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reaction (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%), and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (UC) were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). Selected laboratory abnormalities (grades 3-4, ≥ 3%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC were hyponatremia (16%), gamma-glutamyltransferase increased (12%), lymphopenia (11%), hyperglycemia (9%), increased alkaline phosphatase (7%), anemia (6%), increased lipase (6%), hyperkalemia (3%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (3%). INDICATIONS BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Please see full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. About BAVENCIO® (avelumab) BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.1 These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. Alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US, enables the companies to benefit from each other’s strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer’s PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany – a leading science and technology company – in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company’s home state of Massachusetts. www.emdserono.com About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Website. Please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of €15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the “Merck” name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world’s best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world’s premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), the alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results”, as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. References 1. BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. 2. National Cancer Institute. Bladder Cancer Treatment (PDQ) – Health Professional Version. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/types/bladder/hp/bladder-treatment-pdq. Accessed May 9, 2017. 3. National Comprehensive Cancer Network. NCCN Guidelines Version 1.2017 Updates. Bladder Cancer. Available from: https://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/pdf/bladder.pdf. Accessed May 9, 2017. 4. National Cancer Institute. The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER): Cancer Stat Facts: Bladder Cancer. Available at: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html. Accessed May 9, 2017. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Building Information Modeling Market to Experience Increase in Growth by 2016-2024 Next PostNext Global Enterprise Cybersecurity Market 2017: Cisco Systems, McAfee, Siemens, CyberArk, Honeywell, Cybercon, Maverick Search Recent Posts Rich Pharmaceuticals’ Division CannCodex Releases List of Conditional Use Permits Issued in California to Medicinal Cannabis Businesses TEPCO Joins Global Energy Blockchain Initiative – Energy Web Foundation BUYINS.NET: MTBC SqueezeTrigger Price is $1.94. There is $7,020 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. INSERTING and REPLACING Gillette Reinvents Traditional Shave Club Models with Gillette® on Demand™ – Delivers Smoothest, Easiest Way to Get World Class Blades MBIE releases new Housing Affordability Measure RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA Grants BAVENCIO(R) (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer DARMSTADT, Germany, and NEW YORK, May 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Second approval for BAVENCIO in less than two months    Advanced urothelial carcinoma is an aggressive disease with a high rate of recurrence    Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy therapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.[1] BAVENCIO will be co-commercialized by EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the US and Canada, and Pfizer.      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg )      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/495843/Bavencio_Logo.jpg ) "This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at biopharma business of Merck. "Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need." "This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers," said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. "By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer's deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients." Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US.[2],[3] When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%.[4] Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed.[2] "Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low," said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD. "Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%).[1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.[1] BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.[1] The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne™ program in the United States. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial    The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types.   In December 2015, Merck and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III multicenter, multinational, randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study (JAVELIN Bladder 100) of BAVENCIO plus best supportive care versus best supportive care alone as a maintenance treatment in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease did not progress after completion of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. This trial is currently enrolling patients. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATIONS    BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment, and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life- threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade ≥ 3) hyperglycemia, and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reaction (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%), and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (UC) were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). Selected laboratory abnormalities (grades 3-4, ≥ 3%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC  were hyponatremia (16%), gamma-glutamyltransferase increased (12%), lymphopenia (11%), hyperglycemia (9%), increased alkaline phosphatase (7%), anemia (6%), increased lipase (6%), hyperkalemia (3%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (3%). INDICATIONS    BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.   About BAVENCIO® (avelumab)    BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.[1] These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. About Merck-Pfizer Alliance    Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc.     EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck - a leading science and technology company - in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. http://www.emdserono.com All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html About Merck    Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world®    At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on http://www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice    The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), Merck-Pfizer's Alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at http://www.sec.gov and http://www.pfizer.com. References    BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. National Cancer Institute. Bladder Cancer Treatment (PDQ) - Health Professional Version. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/types/bladder/hp/bladder-treatment-pdq. Accessed May 9, 2017. National Comprehensive Cancer Network. NCCN Guidelines Version 1.2017 Updates. Bladder Cancer. Available from: https://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/pdf/bladder.pdf.    Accessed May 9, 2017. National Cancer Institute. The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER): Cancer Stat Facts: Bladder Cancer. Available at: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html. Accessed May 9, 2017.   CategoriesUncategorized TagsFDA Approval, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 17-13 – Cornerstone awarded Tioloma concession in Ecuador Next PostNext Worldwide First Aid Kit Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Search Recent Posts Worldwide DIY Tools Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Global Palladium carbon catalyst Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Worldwide Flex Fuel Engine Market 2020 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2016 to 2020 Shawcor Declares Quarterly Dividend Worldwide Rail Freight Transportation Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Codexis Reports Financial Results for the First Quarter of 2017 Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 09, 2017 4:05pm   Comments Share: Product sales increase 49% Highlights include signing second multiyear agreement in the food industry and initiating beta testing of first company-developed enzyme for the molecular diagnostics industry Conference call begins at 4:30 pm Eastern time today REDWOOD CITY, Calif., May 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Codexis, Inc. (NASDAQ:CDXS), a leading protein engineering company, announces financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2017, and provides a business update. "Codexis delivered a solid start to 2017 with product sales increasing 49%, reaching the top of our range for full-year product sales growth.  I am especially pleased that those sales were recorded at gross margins that exceed our guidance range for the year," said Codexis President and CEO John Nicols.  "These results show our continued execution toward a third consecutive year of translating our protein catalyst and enzyme pipeline into sustained product sales growth. Product sales were again led by deliveries to Merck, as well as significant aggregate sales to several generic pharmaceutical customers. Additionally, we shipped a large order that advanced the timeline for switching the manufacturing process of another major pharmaceutical company's patented, commercially available drug to use our proprietary protein catalyst. "We have delivered a number of strategic successes year-to-date," he added.  "First on the list is the signing of our second multiyear agreement with Tate & Lyle. We have already staffed the research project for improving their target food ingredient process and received a payment in the low single-digit million dollar range, which we will start to recognize in the second quarter. Second, we filed our first patent application and began beta testing the first Codexis-developed enzyme for the molecular diagnostics industry. We also welcomed new shareholders to Codexis, who along with participation by several existing shareholders, strengthened our balance sheet with a successful follow-on equity offering in early April. We are well-positioned to accelerate execution of multiple growth initiatives and further capitalize on the versatility of our CodeEvolver® protein engineering technology," Mr. Nicols concluded. First Quarter Financial Highlights Total revenues for the first quarter of 2017 were $8.0 million, unchanged from the first quarter of 2016. Product sales for the first quarter of 2017 increased 49% to $5.6 million from $3.7 million for the prior-year period due to increased demand for enzymes for both generic and branded products. Research and development revenues for the first quarter of 2017 were $2.0 million compared with $3.5 million for the first quarter of 2016, which included the recognition of a milestone payment from a collaboration agreement with a major biopharmaceutical company, as well as $1.1 million from the combined pro-rata revenue recognition of previously received upfront payments from GlaxoSmithKline and Merck. These prior-year events were partly offset in the first quarter of 2017 by a significant increase in service revenues from Merck and another major pharmaceutical customer for development of an enzyme being used to manufacture the customer's already commercialized drug. Revenue from the revenue-sharing arrangement with Exela PharmSci for sales of the argatroban injectable drug was $0.4 million for the first quarter of 2017 compared with $0.7 million for the first quarter of 2016. Gross margin on product sales for the first quarter of 2017 increased to 46% from 33% for the first quarter of 2016, mainly due to an increase in sales of higher-margin products. Research and development (R&D) expenses were $5.8 million for the first quarter of 2017 compared with $5.7 million for the first quarter of 2016, with the increase due to higher outside services expense and increased costs associated with higher headcount, which was partially offset by lower amortization of intangibles. Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses for the first quarter of 2017 decreased to $6.6 million from $6.8 million for the first quarter of 2016, due primarily to lower legal fees and outside services expense, offset in part by increased costs associated with higher headcount. The net loss for the first quarter of 2017 was $7.5 million, or $0.18 per share, compared with a net loss for the first quarter of 2016 of $7.0 million, or $0.17 per share. Non-GAAP net loss for the first quarter of 2017 was $5.5 million, or $0.13 per share, compared with a non-GAAP net loss for the first quarter of 2016 of $4.3 million, or $0.11 per share. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures is provided below. Cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2017 were $13.9 million, compared with $19.2 million as of December 31, 2016.  Cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2017 did not include the payment received from Tate & Lyle in May 2017 relating to the agreement signed on March 31, 2017. On April 12, 2017, Codexis completed a public offering of common stock raising net proceeds of $23.3 million.  Financial Outlook Codexis is affirming its financial guidance for 2017 as follows: Total revenues of $50 million to $53 million, which assumes revenues related to the company's third non-exclusive CodeEvolver® license agreement, which is expected in the second half of 2017. Product sales of $21 million to $23 million, an increase of 37% to 50% over 2016. Gross margin on product sales between 37% and 39%. Total operating expenses for R&D and SG&A to increase by 6% to 8% over 2016. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Consolidated financial information has been presented in accordance with GAAP as well as on a non-GAAP basis. On a non-GAAP basis, financial measures exclude non-cash items such as depreciation expense, intangible asset amortization expense and stock-based compensation expense. Non-GAAP financial measures presented are: non-GAAP net income or loss, non-GAAP net income or loss per share (basic and diluted), and non-GAAP operating expenses, including non-GAAP research and development expense and non-GAAP selling, general and administrative expense. Non-GAAP operating expenses exclude stock-based compensation expense, amortization of intangible assets and depreciation of fixed assets. Codexis management uses these non-GAAP financial measures to monitor and evaluate its operating results and trends on an ongoing basis, and internally for operating, budgeting and financial planning purposes. Codexis management believes the non-GAAP information is useful for investors by offering them the ability to identify trends in what management considers to be Codexis' core operating results and to better understand how management evaluates the business. These non-GAAP measures have limitations, however, because they do not include all items of expense that affect Codexis. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with, and should not be considered in isolation of, or as an alternative to, measurements required by GAAP, and therefore these non-GAAP results should only be used for evaluation in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures. A description of the non-GAAP calculations and reconciliation to comparable GAAP financial measures is provided in the accompanying table entitled "Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures." Conference Call and Webcast Codexis will hold a conference call and audio webcast today beginning at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time. The conference call dial-in numbers are 855-890-8665 for domestic callers and 720-634-2938 for international callers, and the passcode is 14067412. A live webcast of the call will be available on the Investors section of www.codexis.com. A recording of the call will be available for 48 hours beginning approximately two hours after the completion of the call by dialing 855-859-2056 for domestic callers or 404-537-3406 for international callers. Please use the passcode 14067412 to access the recording. A webcast replay will be available on the Investors section of www.codexis.com for 30 days, beginning approximately two hours after the completion of the call. About Codexis, Inc. Codexis, Inc. is a leading protein engineering company that applies its technology to the development of biocatalysts for commercial manufacture of pharmaceuticals and fine chemicals, as well as the development of enzymes as biotherapeutics and for molecular diagnostics. Codexis' proven technology enables implementation of biocatalytic solutions to meet customer needs for rapid, cost-effective and sustainable manufacturing. For more information, see www.codexis.com. Forward-Looking Statements To the extent that statements contained in this press release are not descriptions of historical facts regarding Codexis, they are forward-looking statements reflecting the current beliefs and expectations of management made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including  Codexis' expectations regarding 2017 total revenues, product sales, gross margin on product sales and operating expenses, its ability to enter into, and the timing of, future CodeEvolver® protein engineering platform technology license agreements, and the timing and amount of revenue recognition and future growth. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond Codexis' control and that could materially affect actual results. Factors that could materially affect actual results include, among others: Codexis' dependence on its licensees and collaborators; Codexis' dependence on a limited number of products and customers in its biocatalysis business; potential adverse effects to Codexis' business if its customers' pharmaceutical or food products are not received well in the markets; risks, uncertainties and costs associated with the successful development of therapeutic candidates;  Codexis' ability to develop and commercialize new products for the biocatalysis markets; Codexis' dependence on a limited number of contract manufacturers for large-scale production of its enzymes; Codexis' ability to deploy its technology platform in new market spaces, including the fine chemicals, therapeutics and in vitro molecular diagnostics markets; Codexis' need for additional capital in the future in order to expand its business or to adjust for market conditions or strategic considerations, which may involve Codexis entering into equity offerings, debt financings, credit facilities and/or strategic collaborations;  Codexis' dependence on key personnel;  risks associated with the patent litigation that Codexis initiated in February 2016;  Codexis' ability to establish and maintain adequate protection for intellectual property, trade secrets and other proprietary rights covering its technologies; and any claims by third parties that Codexis is infringing their intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights. Additional information about factors that could materially affect actual results can be found in Codexis' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on March 9, 2017, including under the caption "Risk Factors" and in Codexis' other periodic reports filed with the SEC. Codexis expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward- looking statements, except as required by law. Codexis Contacts: Investors LHA Jody Cain, 310-691-7100 jcain@lhai.com  Financial Tables to Follow Codexis, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) (In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)           Three Months Ended March 31,     2017   2016 Revenues:         Product sales   $ 5,586     $ 3,740   Research and development revenues   2,001     3,534   Revenue sharing arrangement   384     722   Total revenues   7,971     7,996   Costs and operating expenses:         Cost of product sales   3,002     2,489   Research and development   5,839     5,686   Selling, general and administrative   6,606     6,802   Total costs and operating expenses   15,447     14,977   Loss from operations   (7,476 )   (6,981 ) Interest income   18     15   Other income, net   22     3   Loss before income taxes   (7,436 )   (6,963 ) Provision for income taxes   24     11   Net loss   $ (7,460 )   $ (6,974 )           Net loss per share, basic and diluted   $ (0.18 )   $ (0.17 ) Weighted average common shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted   41,250     40,072                 Codexis, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) (In Thousands)       March 31,  2017   December 31,  2016 Assets         Current assets:         Cash and cash equivalents   $ 13,923     $ 19,240   Accounts receivable, net   5,381     5,924   Inventories   1,124     825   Prepaid expenses and other current assets   1,314     1,238   Total current assets   21,742     27,227   Restricted cash   1,592     1,624   Marketable securities   1,051     1,142   Property and equipment, net   2,752     2,155   Goodwill   3,241     3,241   Other non-current assets   253     259   Total assets   $ 30,631     $ 35,648   Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity         Current liabilities:         Accounts payable   $ 3,493     $ 4,232   Accrued compensation   5,334     4,314   Other accrued liabilities   3,055     2,111   Deferred revenue   1,644     1,710   Total current liabilities   13,526     12,367   Deferred revenue, net of current portion   2,180     1,066   Lease incentive obligation, net of current portion   779     885   Financing obligation, net of current portion   255     —   Other long-term liabilities   2,211     2,231   Total liabilities   18,951     16,549   Stockholders' equity:         Common stock   4     4   Additional paid-in capital   311,296     311,164   Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (91 )   —   Accumulated deficit   (299,529 )   (292,069 ) Total stockholders' equity   11,680     19,099   Total liabilities and stockholders' equity   $ 30,631     $ 35,648                     Codexis, Inc. Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures (Unaudited) (In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts)           Three Months Ended March 31,     2017   2016 (i) Research and development expenses         Research and development expenses - GAAP   $ 5,839     $ 5,686   Non-GAAP adjustments:         Depreciation expense(a)   (178 )   (200 ) Intangible asset amortization(b)   —     (844 ) Stock-based compensation(c)   (323 )   (220 ) Research and development expenses - Non-GAAP   $ 5,338     $ 4,422             (ii) Selling, general and administrative expenses         Selling, general and administrative expenses - GAAP   $ 6,606     $ 6,802   Non-GAAP adjustments:         Depreciation expense(a)   (148 )   (265 ) Stock-based compensation(c)   (1,346 )   (1,169 ) Selling, general and administrative expenses - Non-GAAP   $ 5,112     $ 5,368             (iii) Net loss         Net loss - GAAP   $ (7,460 )   $ (6,974 ) Non-GAAP adjustments:         Depreciation expense(a)   326     465   Intangible asset amortization(b)   —     844   Stock-based compensation(c)   1,669     1,389   Net loss - Non-GAAP   $ (5,465 )   $ (4,276 )           (iv) Net loss per share         Net loss per share - GAAP, basic and diluted   $ (0.18 )   $ (0.17 ) Adjustments to GAAP net loss per share (as detailed above)   0.05     0.06   Net loss per share - Non-GAAP, basic and diluted   $ (0.13 )   $ (0.11 )           These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the following items: (a) Depreciation expense: we provide non-GAAP information which excludes depreciation expense related to the depreciation of property and equipment. We believe that eliminating this expense from our non-GAAP measures is useful to investors, because the acquisition of property and equipment, and the corresponding depreciation expense, can be inconsistent in amount and can vary from period to period. (b) Intangible asset amortization: we provide non-GAAP information which excludes expenses for the amortization of intangible assets which primarily relate to purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions. We believe that eliminating this expense from our non-GAAP measures is useful to investors, because this expense is non-cash. This financial measure may be different from non-GAAP methods of accounting and reporting used by the Company's competitors to the extent their non-GAAP measures include or exclude other items. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered a substitute for net income or net income per diluted share or other measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. (c) Stock-based compensation: we provide non-GAAP information which excludes expenses for stock-based compensation. We believe the exclusion of this item allows for financial results that are more indicative of our operations. We also believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation expense provides for a better comparison of Codexis' operating results to prior periods as the calculations of stock-based compensation vary from period to period and company to company due to different valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types. View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 NWL, AXSM: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 BRK-B, TWTR: Jim Cramer On IBM's Future After Buffett Cut Stake 3 GNRT, ENDP: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 4 DGII, MAR: 10 Stocks To Watch For May 8, 2017 5 CBI, JD: Earnings Scheduled For May 8, 2017 6 XRAY, DIS: 12 Stocks To Watch For Ma... 7 WOOF, CAT: One Year Later:... 1 XLE, XOP: Optimism Gushes Forth: Oil's Q1 Earnings Roundup 2 ZYNE: Catalysts Growing Like Weeds For Zynerba Next Quarter 3 P: Strategic Alternative Review Not Enough To Push Nomura Bullish On P... 4 FIZZ, DPS: Detroit Entrepreneur Launches Superinfused Beverages As A... 5 GIMO, ZAYO: Ira Sohn 2017 Conference: Everything You Need To Know 6 DF, SCYX: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil D... 7 GPRO, JCP: JC Penney Tops This Week's... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer dinsdag 9 mei 2017 22:06 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire DARMSTADT, Germany, and NEW YORK, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Second approval for BAVENCIO in less than two months    - Advanced urothelial carcinoma is an aggressive disease with a high rate of recurrence    Merck and Pfizer Inc. today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO(R) (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy therapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.[1] BAVENCIO will be co-commercialized by EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the US and Canada, and Pfizer. "This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at biopharma business of Merck. "Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need." "This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers," said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. "By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer's deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients." Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US.[2],[3] When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%.[4] Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed.[2] "Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low," said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD. "Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%).[1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.[1] BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.[1] The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne(TM) program in the United States. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial    The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types.   In December 2015, Merck and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III multicenter, multinational, randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study (JAVELIN Bladder 100) of BAVENCIO plus best supportive care versus best supportive care alone as a maintenance treatment in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease did not progress after completion of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. This trial is currently enrolling patients. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATIONS    BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment, and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life- threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade greater than or equal to 3) hyperglycemia, and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barre syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reaction (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%), and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). The most common adverse reactions (all grades, greater than or equal to 20%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (UC) were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). Selected laboratory abnormalities (grades 3-4, greater than or equal to 3%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC  were hyponatremia (16%), gamma-glutamyltransferase increased (12%), lymphopenia (11%), hyperglycemia (9%), increased alkaline phosphatase (7%), anemia (6%), increased lipase (6%), hyperkalemia (3%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (3%). INDICATIONS    BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.   About BAVENCIO(R) (avelumab)    BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.[1] These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. About Merck-Pfizer Alliance    Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc.     EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck - a leading science and technology company - in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. http://www.emdserono.com All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html%20 ] About Merck    Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world(R)    At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on http://www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer [https://twitter.com/pfizer ] and @PfizerNews [https://twitter.com/pfizer_news ], LinkedIn [https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/1185 ], YouTube [https://www.youtube.com/pfizer ]  and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer [https://www.facebook.com/Pfizer ]. Pfizer Disclosure Notice    The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), Merck-Pfizer's Alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at http://www.sec.gov and http://www.pfizer.com. References    1) BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. 2) National Cancer Institute. Bladder Cancer Treatment (PDQ) - Health Professional Version. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/types/bladder/hp/bladder-treatment-pdq. Accessed May 9, 2017. 3) National Comprehensive Cancer Network. NCCN Guidelines Version 1.2017 Updates. Bladder Cancer. Available from: https://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/pdf/bladder.pdf.    Accessed May 9, 2017. 4) National Cancer Institute. The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER): Cancer Stat Facts: Bladder Cancer. Available at: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html. Accessed May 9 [https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html.%20Accessed%20May%209 ], 2017. (Logo:  http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg ) (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/495843/Bavencio_Logo.jpg ) Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg  http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/495843/Bavencio_Logo.jpg CONTACT: Merck: Media, Gangolf Schrimpf, +49-6151-72-9591, Investor Relations: +49-6151-72-3321; Pfizer: Media (US) Sally Beatty +1-212-733-6566, Media (EU) Lisa O'Neill, +44-1737-331536; Investor Relations: Ryan Crowe, +1-212-733-8160. PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie First Three Persistent Atrial Fibrillation Patients Enrolled In Adagio Medical CryoCure Study Using Cryolinear Ablation Technology dinsdag 9 mei 2017 20:45 Sandhills East Acquires Italy's Agroserv SRL dinsdag 9 mei 2017 18:42 Inactivity, Isolation and Impact on Daily Life are Top Concerns for People Living with Lupus dinsdag 9 mei 2017 18:01 NorthStar Realty Europe verhuurt vijf verdiepingen in Trianon Tower (Frankfurt) aan Deutsche Bundesbank op een nieuw 10-jarencontract dinsdag 9 mei 2017 17:22 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Join us! Sign up for our free daily email news briefing and to read articles for free! Login via Facebook / Google Facebook Login Google Login or register with FriedlNews or sign in (if you are already subscribed) or close Your information will never be shared with any third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time. Sign In Free Registration Subscriptions FAQ RSS Follow @FriedlNews May 10, 2017 All times are Vienna time Term ISIN Search Home Bilateral Relations Companies Business Markets Politics Diplomacy People Life & Culture More EU U.S. U.K. Germany France China Japan Italy Western Europe Eastern Europe Russia & CIS Asia Middle East & Africa The Americas Finance Energy Industrials Transport Retail & Consumer Health & Pharmaceuticals Technology Media & Telecoms Professional Services Other Economy Earnings Justice Policies Foreign Trade Insolvencies Doing Business in Austria Austrian Stocks Austrian Bonds Deals Commodities Currencies Real Estate Labor Market Investing in Austria EU Politics International Politics Domestic Politics Government Agencies Embassies & Consulates International Organizations Tourism & Travel Culture Expats Comment Belgium Cyprus Denmark Finland Greece Iceland Ireland Liechtenstein Luxembourg Malta Monaco Norway Portugal Scotland Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands Albania Baltic States Bosnia & Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Czech Rep. Estonia Georgia Hungary Kosovo Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Montenegro Poland Romania Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Ukraine Western Balkans Russia Armenia Azerbaijan Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Moldova Uzbekistan Australia Hong Kong India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore South Korea Thailand Vietnam Algeria Angola Egypt Iran Israel Libya Mauritius Nigeria Oman Saudi Arabia South Africa Syria The Congo Tunisia Turkey United Arab Emirates Zimbabwe Bolivia Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Cuba Mexico Panama Banks Financial Services Property Insurance Energy Source Mining Oil & Gas Utilities Renewables Construction Automotive Industrial Goods Basic Resources Chemicals Airlines & Airports Shipping Rail Road Latest News EU RBI Hypo Group/Heta Erste Group OMV Telekom Austria Banking Energy Ratings Earnings UN OSCE Press Wire FriedlNews Study Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG - M&A, Partnerships, Alliances and Investments Report Article Tools Tweet FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer Published: Yesterday; 22:08 · (FriedlNews) - Second approval for BAVENCIO in less than two months - Advanced urothelial carcinoma is an aggressive disease with a high rate of recurrence Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy therapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.[1] BAVENCIO will be co-commercialized by EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the US and Canada, and Pfizer. "This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at biopharma business of Merck. "Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need." "This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers," said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. "By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer's deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients." Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US.[2],[3] When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%.[4] Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed.[2] "Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low," said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD. "Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%).[1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.[1] BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.[1] The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne(TM) program in the United States. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In December 2015, Merck and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III multicenter, multinational, randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study (JAVELIN Bladder 100) of BAVENCIO plus best supportive care versus best supportive care alone as a maintenance treatment in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease did not progress after completion of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. This trial is currently enrolling patients. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATIONS BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment, and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life- threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade &gt;= 3) hyperglycemia, and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, &gt;= 20%) in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reaction (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, &gt;= 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%), and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). The most common adverse reactions (all grades, &gt;= 20%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (UC) were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). Selected laboratory abnormalities (grades 3-4, &gt;= 3%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC were hyponatremia (16%), gamma-glutamyltransferase increased (12%), lymphopenia (11%), hyperglycemia (9%), increased alkaline phosphatase (7%), anemia (6%), increased lipase (6%), hyperkalemia (3%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (3%). INDICATIONS BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. About BAVENCIO® (avelumab) BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.[1] These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. About Merck-Pfizer Alliance Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck - a leading science and technology company - in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. http://www.emdserono.com All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on http://www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer (https://twitter.com/pfizer) and @PfizerNews (https://twitter.com/pfizer_news), LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/1185/), YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/pfizer) and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer (https://www.facebook.com/Pfizer/). Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), Merck-Pfizer's Alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at http://www.sec.gov and http://www.pfizer.com. References 1. BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. 2. National Cancer Institute. Bladder Cancer Treatment (PDQ) - Health Professional Version. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/types/bladder/hp/bladder-treatment-pdq. Accessed May 9, 2017. 3. National Comprehensive Cancer Network. NCCN Guidelines Version 1.2017 Updates. Bladder Cancer. Available from: https://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/pdf/bladder.pdf. Accessed May 9, 2017. 4. National Cancer Institute. The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER): Cancer Stat Facts: Bladder Cancer. Available at: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html. Accessed May 9, 2017. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg ) (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/495843/Bavencio_Logo.jpg ) Rückfragehinweis: Media Gangolf Schrimpf +49-6151-72-9591 Investor Relations: +49-6151-72-3321 Pfizer: Media (US) Sally Beatty +1-212-733-6566 Media (EU) Lisa O'Neill +44-1737-331536 Investor Relations: Ryan Crowe +1-212-733-8160. Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR116621/aom ***ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER*** OTE0009 2017-05-09/22:08 (C) Copyright APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH and the respective issuer. Copyright © Friedl Business Information GmbH. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FriedlNews and redistribute by email or post to the web. Fast News Search Read More Medizin, Gesundheit, Pharma, International, Wissenschaft, Forschung, Wirtschaft und Finanzen, Branchen, Chemie ©1995-2017 Friedl Business Information Contact Press Careers About Us Terms & Conditions Site Security Privacy Sitemap Blogs Advertise Partner
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer - Second approval for BAVENCIO in less than two months - Advanced urothelial carcinoma is an aggressive disease with a high rate of recurrence 09 May, 2017, 15:53 ET from EMD Serono from ,Pfizer (PRNewsfoto/EMD Serono,Pfizer)     Facebook Twitter Pinterest (PRNewsfoto/EMD Serono,Pfizer)     Facebook Twitter Pinterest (PRNewsfoto/EMD Serono,Pfizer)     Facebook Twitter Pinterest (PRNewsfoto/EMD Serono,Pfizer) (PRNewsfoto/EMD Serono,Pfizer) (PRNewsfoto/EMD Serono,Pfizer) ROCKLAND, Mass. and NEW YORK, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the US and Canada, and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.1 "This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. "Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need." "This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers," said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. "By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer's deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients." Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US.2,3 When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%.4 Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed.2 "Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low," said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD, US. "Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%).1 For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.1 BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.1 The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne™ program. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. CoverOne may be reached by phone at 844-8COVER1 (844-826-8371) or online at www.CoverOne.com. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum- containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate, (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In December 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III multicenter, multinational, randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study (JAVELIN Bladder 100) of BAVENCIO plus best supportive care versus best supportive care alone as a maintenance treatment in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease did not progress after completion of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. This trial is currently enrolling patients. For more information about JAVELIN trials, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. For full prescribing information and medication guide for BAVENCIO, please see www.BAVENCIO.com. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATIONS BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment, and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life- threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade ≥ 3) hyperglycemia, and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reaction (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%), and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (UC) were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). Selected laboratory abnormalities (grades 3-4, ≥ 3%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC were hyponatremia (16%), gamma-glutamyltransferase increased (12%), lymphopenia (11%), hyperglycemia (9%), increased alkaline phosphatase (7%), anemia (6%), increased lipase (6%), hyperkalemia (3%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (3%). INDICATIONS BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Please see full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. About BAVENCIO® (avelumab) BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.1 These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. Alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US, enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany – a leading science and technology company – in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. www.emdserono.com About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Website. Please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of €15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), the alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. References BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. National Cancer Institute. Bladder Cancer Treatment (PDQ) – Health Professional Version. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/types/bladder/hp/bladder-treatment-pdq. Accessed May 9, 2017. National Comprehensive Cancer Network. NCCN Guidelines Version 1.2017 Updates. Bladder Cancer. Available from: https://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/pdf/bladder.pdf. Accessed May 9, 2017. National Cancer Institute. The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER): Cancer Stat Facts: Bladder Cancer. Available at: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html. Accessed May 9, 2017. Your Contacts EMD Serono Inc. Media Melissa Lauer +1 781 738 5673 Investor Relations +49 6151 72 3321 Pfizer Inc., New York, USA Media Sally Beatty +1 212 733 6566 Investor Relations Ryan Crowe +1 212 733 8160 SOURCE EMD Serono; Pfizer RELATED LINKS http://www.emdserono.com http://www.pfizer.com View Table Fullscreen View Table Fullscreen Journalists and Bloggers The news you need, when you need it. Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier. In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need. LEARN MORE 23 Mar, 2017, 17:30 ET Preview: FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab), the First Immunotherapy Approved for Metastatic Merkel Cell Carcinoma My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Read More 23 Mar, 2017, 17:30 ET FDA Grants Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab), the First... More news releases in: Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals FDA Approval Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Turismo Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer (3) Publicado 09/05/2017 22:11:30CET BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.   About BAVENCIO(R) (avelumab)    BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.[1] These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. About Merck-Pfizer Alliance    Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc.     EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck - a leading science and technology company - in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. http://www.emdserono.com All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html%20 ] About Merck    Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world(R)    At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on http://www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer [https://twitter.com/pfizer ] and @PfizerNews [https://twitter.com/pfizer_news ], LinkedIn [https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/1185 ], YouTube [https://www.youtube.com/pfizer ]  and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer [https://www.facebook.com/Pfizer ]. Pfizer Disclosure Notice    The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. (CONTINUA) IU se desmarca de Podemos y, en vez de abstenerse, votará en el Congreso contra la iniciativa del PP sobre Venezuela Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados Otra innovación de Turkish Airlines para vuelos con destino a Estados Unidos y Reino Unido Praj demuestra con éxito su tecnología de etanol celulósico Martes, 9 de Mayo G2A organiza un campamento de entrenamiento de e-sport para Virtus.pro y Natus Vincere Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada 1 El ascensor del siniestro había pasado las inspecciones y se le había realizado el mantenimiento en abril 2 Líderes de Chibok (Nigeria) reclaman que las niñas secuestradas por Boko Haram sean liberadas "quieran o no" 3 Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío 4 Una mujer fallecida y un varón herido tras caer su vehículo por un desnivel en Almería 5 El Gobierno central aprueba un trasvase Tajo-Segura de 7,5 hm3 para el mes de mayo Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en Sociedad El ascensor del siniestro había pasado las inspecciones y se le había realizado el mantenimiento en abril Internacional Líderes de Chibok (Nigeria) reclaman que las niñas secuestradas por Boko Haram sean liberadas "quieran o no" Madrid Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Turismo Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer (1) Publicado 09/05/2017 22:11:34CET DARMSTADT, Germany, and NEW YORK, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- - Second approval for BAVENCIO in less than two months    - Advanced urothelial carcinoma is an aggressive disease with a high rate of recurrence    Merck and Pfizer Inc. today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO(R) (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy therapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.[1] BAVENCIO will be co-commercialized by EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the US and Canada, and Pfizer. "This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at biopharma business of Merck. "Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need." "This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers," said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. "By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer's deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients." Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US.[2],[3] When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%.[4] Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed.[2] "Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low," said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD. "Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%).[1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.[1] BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.[1] The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne(TM) program in the United States. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial    The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types.   (CONTINUA) IU se desmarca de Podemos y, en vez de abstenerse, votará en el Congreso contra la iniciativa del PP sobre Venezuela Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados Otra innovación de Turkish Airlines para vuelos con destino a Estados Unidos y Reino Unido Praj demuestra con éxito su tecnología de etanol celulósico Martes, 9 de Mayo G2A organiza un campamento de entrenamiento de e-sport para Virtus.pro y Natus Vincere Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada 1 El ascensor del siniestro había pasado las inspecciones y se le había realizado el mantenimiento en abril 2 Líderes de Chibok (Nigeria) reclaman que las niñas secuestradas por Boko Haram sean liberadas "quieran o no" 3 Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío 4 Una mujer fallecida y un varón herido tras caer su vehículo por un desnivel en Almería 5 El Gobierno central aprueba un trasvase Tajo-Segura de 7,5 hm3 para el mes de mayo Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en Sociedad El ascensor del siniestro había pasado las inspecciones y se le había realizado el mantenimiento en abril Internacional Líderes de Chibok (Nigeria) reclaman que las niñas secuestradas por Boko Haram sean liberadas "quieran o no" Madrid Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer ROCKLAND, Mass. and NEW YORK, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, in the US and Canada, and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.1 „This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers,” said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. „Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need.” „This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers,” said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. „By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer’s deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients.” Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US.2,3 When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%.4 Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed.2 „Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low,” said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD, US. „Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease.” The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%).1 For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.1 BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.1 The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne™ program. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. CoverOne may be reached by phone at 844-8COVER1 (844-826-8371) or online at www.CoverOne.com. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum- containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate, (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In December 2015, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III multicenter, multinational, randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study (JAVELIN Bladder 100) of BAVENCIO plus best supportive care versus best supportive care alone as a maintenance treatment in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease did not progress after completion of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. This trial is currently enrolling patients. For more information about JAVELIN trials, please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov. For full prescribing information and medication guide for BAVENCIO, please see www.BAVENCIO.com. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATIONS BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reaction (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%), and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (UC) were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). Selected laboratory abnormalities (grades 3-4, ≥ 3%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC were hyponatremia (16%), gamma-glutamyltransferase increased (12%), lymphopenia (11%), hyperglycemia (9%), increased alkaline phosphatase (7%), anemia (6%), increased lipase (6%), hyperkalemia (3%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (3%). INDICATIONS BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Please see full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. About BAVENCIO® (avelumab) BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.1 These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. Alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US, enables the companies to benefit from each other’s strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer’s PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany – a leading science and technology company – in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company’s home state of Massachusetts. www.emdserono.com About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Website. Please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of €15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the „Merck” name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world’s best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world’s premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), the alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned „Risk Factors” and „Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results”, as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. References RELATED LINKS http://www.emdserono.com http://www.pfizer.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsFDA Approval Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global UPS – Key Vendors ,Trend, Analysis, Segmentation, Growth and Forecast to 2019 Next PostNext INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Concerning Whether the Sale of VWR Corp. to Avantor for $33.25 Per Share is Fair to Shareholders – VWR Search Recent Posts Worldwide DIY Tools Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Global Palladium carbon catalyst Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Worldwide Flex Fuel Engine Market 2020 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2016 to 2020 Shawcor Declares Quarterly Dividend Worldwide Rail Freight Transportation Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Wirtschaft durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     wirtschaft Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0009, 9. Mai 2017, 22:08 drucken mailen als pdf als Text FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer Darmstadt, Germany, and New York (ots/PRNewswire) - Second approval for BAVENCIO in less than two months Advanced urothelial carcinoma is an aggressive disease with a high rate of recurrence Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy therapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.[1] BAVENCIO will be co-commercialized by EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the US and Canada, and Pfizer. "This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at biopharma business of Merck. "Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need." "This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers," said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. "By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer's deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients." Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US.[2],[3] When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%.[4] Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed.[2] "Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low," said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD. "Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%).[1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses.[1] BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro.[1] The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne(TM) program in the United States. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types. In December 2015, Merck and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III multicenter, multinational, randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study (JAVELIN Bladder 100) of BAVENCIO plus best supportive care versus best supportive care alone as a maintenance treatment in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease did not progress after completion of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. This trial is currently enrolling patients. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATIONS BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment, and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life- threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade >= 3) hyperglycemia, and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, >= 20%) in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reaction (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, >= 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%), and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). The most common adverse reactions (all grades, >= 20%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (UC) were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). Selected laboratory abnormalities (grades 3-4, >= 3%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC were hyponatremia (16%), gamma-glutamyltransferase increased (12%), lymphopenia (11%), hyperglycemia (9%), increased alkaline phosphatase (7%), anemia (6%), increased lipase (6%), hyperkalemia (3%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (3%). INDICATIONS BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. About BAVENCIO® (avelumab) BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.[1] These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. About Merck-Pfizer Alliance Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck - a leading science and technology company - in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. http://www.emdserono.com All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on http://www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer (https://twitter.com/pfizer) and @PfizerNews (https://twitter.com/pfizer_news), LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/1185/), YouTube (https://www.youtube.com/pfizer) and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer (https://www.facebook.com/Pfizer/). Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), Merck-Pfizer's Alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at http://www.sec.gov and http://www.pfizer.com. References 1. BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. 2. National Cancer Institute. Bladder Cancer Treatment (PDQ) - Health Professional Version. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/types/bladder/hp/bladder-treatment-pdq. Accessed May 9, 2017. 3. National Comprehensive Cancer Network. NCCN Guidelines Version 1.2017 Updates. Bladder Cancer. Available from: https://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/pdf/bladder.pdf. Accessed May 9, 2017. 4. National Cancer Institute. The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER): Cancer Stat Facts: Bladder Cancer. Available at: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html. Accessed May 9, 2017. (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg ) (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/495843/Bavencio_Logo.jpg ) Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR116621/aom Rückfragen & Kontakt: Media Gangolf Schrimpf +49-6151-72-9591 Investor Relations: +49-6151-72-3321 Pfizer: Media (US) Sally Beatty +1-212-733-6566 Media (EU) Lisa O'Neill +44-1737-331536 Investor Relations: Ryan Crowe +1-212-733-8160. ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0023 EuroMillionen - Keine "5 ... Neues Volksblatt: "Einlad... Merck and Pfizer Zum Pressroom Rückfragen & Kontakt Media Gangolf Schrimpf +49-6151-72-9591 Investor Relations: +49-6151-72-3321 Pfizer: Media (US) Sally Beatty +1-212-733-6566 Media (EU) Lisa O'Neill +44-1737-331536 Investor Relations: Ryan Crowe +1-212-733-8160. Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: Medizin, Gesundheit, Pharma, International Channel: Wirtschaft Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Wirtschaft weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Wirtschaft Kundgebung für raschen Ökostromausbau vor Bundeskanzleramt Kompost & Biogas Verband Österreich Palmers Textil AG strukturiert Kommunikation Neu Palmers Textil AG „Literaturpreis der Österreichischen Industrie – Anton Wildgans“ an Robert Seethaler verliehen Industriellenvereinigung weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Mittwoch, 10. Mai 2017, 08:30 ASTRAD vmk-Verlag Mittwoch, 10. Mai 2017, 08:30 Medientermin: Kooperation Donauinselfest und Twin City Liner SPÖ Wien Mittwoch, 10. Mai 2017, 09:15 Kundgebung für das UNESCO-Welterbe - gegen den Luxuswohnturm Initiative Stadtbildschutz weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale APA-OTS-VIDEO, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2017 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA Grants Second Approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab) EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany in the US and Canada, and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announce that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted accelerated approval for BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Injection for a second indication. The full prescribing information for BAVENCIO will be available at www.BAVENCIO.com. The full prescribing information for BAVENCIO will be available at www.BAVENCIO.com. EMD Serono and Pfizer will provide additional details on the approval in a press release to follow. Alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer Inc., New York, US, enables the companies to benefit from each other’s strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer’s PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc. EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany – a leading science and technology company – in the US and Canada, focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company’s home state of Massachusetts. www.emdserono.com About Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Website. Please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, holds the global rights to the “Merck“ name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world® At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world’s best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world’s premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @PfizerNews, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), Pfizer’s and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s immuno-oncology alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results”, as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Fruit and Vegetable Ingredient Industry 2017 Market Report; Launched via MarketResearchReports.com Next PostNext Global Chip On Flex Market Research, Growth Opportunities, Key Players, Outlook and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts US Travel Companies Need a Long-Term Perspective to Capitalize on Cuba 2017 to 2022 Global Gas Permeable Lens Market Research Analysis Report Interview with Kieran Gilbert, SKY News Empowering Local Citizens in Lao PDR for Better Development Global Automotive Electric Power Steering Systems Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Charter Trust Co. Increases Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Charter Trust Co. Has $3.804 Million Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Stake Raised by Raymond James Trust N.A. Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC Sells 325,208 Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Shares Sold by Capital Investment Services of America Inc. Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Position Cut by New England Research & Management Inc. Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Points International Ltd Raised by B. Riley (PCOM) Bonness Enterprises Inc. Has $1,847,000 Stake in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC MainSource Financial Group Inc. (MSFG) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Myovant Sciences Ltd (MYOV) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Shore Capital Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp (ACRE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Berkshire Hills Bancorp’s (BHLB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. (MRTX) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research VSA Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Redt Energy PLC (RED) Private Asset Management Inc. Sells 7,608 Shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Position Cut by New England Research & Management Inc. May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New England Research & Management Inc. decreased its position in Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 0.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 13,965 shares of the company’s stock after selling 45 shares during the period. New England Research & Management Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $887,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Intellectus Partners LLC bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $103,000. Blume Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $135,000. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $135,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 50.6% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 2,678 shares of the company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 900 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 64.01 on Tuesday. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 52 week low of $53.06 and a 52 week high of $66.80. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $63.09 and a 200 day moving average price of $62.51. The stock has a market capitalization of $175.74 billion, a PE ratio of 40.80 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $9.43 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.25 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The business’s revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.89 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.83 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/merck-co-inc-mrk-position-cut-by-new-england-research-management-inc.html. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on MRK shares. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $59.51 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Bryan, Garnier & Co started coverage on Merck & Co. in a research report on Friday, January 13th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $70.00 price objective (down previously from $72.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $67.68. In related news, Director Patricia F. Russo sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.42, for a total value of $322,100.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 18,148 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,169,094.16. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Veterinary Antiseptics Market: Technologies, Markets and Players The top three players in the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World veterinary antiseptics market are Zoetis Inc., Merial, and Merck Animal Health. Collectively, these companies held a share of 46.3% in 2014. Companies will focus progressively more on developing solutions for the companion animals segment as the growing number of pet owners has created scope for business diversification, says Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new research report. For instance, developing cosmetic-based antiseptic products such as skin lotions and shampoos will prove to be a game-changing tactic for companies operating in the market. Browse the Veterinary Antiseptics Market – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2015 – 2023 report at www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-antiseptics… “Absorbing a talent pool of microbiologists and immunologists by collaborating with institutes will benefit players in the coming years,” observes the lead author of this research report. This will help the companies to gain an insight into not yet recognized conditions, which in turn could prove to be a catalyst in development a preventive veterinary antiseptics. Thus, innovation will be a key sustainable strategy adopted by players to stay ahead of the competition. The report suggests that the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World veterinary antiseptics market was worth US$243.0 mn in 2014 and will rise steadily to touch US$401.6 mn by 2023. Between 2015 and 2023, the market is expected to progress at a CAGR of 5.6%. Growing Meat Consumption Escalates Demand for Veterinary Antiseptics The growing demand for meat, milk, eggs, and other protein-rich food items across Latin America and Asia Pacific due to rising disposable income is the primary market driver for the veterinary antiseptics in the overall market. The increasing awareness about fitness has also been fuelling the demand for these antiseptics that ensure that animals reared for consumption are well looked after. Thus, the rising expenditure on animal healthcare is creating a direct impact on the revenues of the veterinary antiseptics market of Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World. The growing adoption of animals in emerging market is also anticipated to drive the veterinary antiseptics market of Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World. Pet ownership has considerably made its mark in the veterinary antiseptics market as growing number of pet owners are investing in the high quality of animal care products. Country-specific Regulatory Guidelines Hamper Overall Market Country-specific regulatory guidelines, especially in countries such as Japan, have been hampering the growth of this market in the recent years. The long-drawn process of approval, despite the international approval of the product, has restrained the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World veterinary antiseptics market in the recent years. The overall market is also being hampered by the significant dip in the number of veterinarians across emerging economies. Poor career prospects for veterinarians in developing nations of India, China, and Brazil in the past few years is also anticipated to put a downward pressure on sales of veterinary antiseptics as the number of prescriptions will drop. Asia Pacific Leads Veterinary Antiseptics Market due to Rising Pet Adoption The market will be led by the iodine and iodophors market at a CAGR of 6.3%. Despite the other types of products, iodine and iodophors are being popularly as they are milder on the skins of both small and large animals. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Veterinary Antiseptics Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… On the basis of geography, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World veterinary antiseptics market will witness the veterinary antiseptics market is Asia Pacific rising at a steady CAGR of 6.0% between 2015 and 2023. This growth will be supplemented by the rising number of companion and production animals in the region. By the end of 2023, the Asia Pacific veterinary antiseptics market will contribute revenue worth US$193.6 mn to the overall market. This review is based on Transparency Market Research’s report, titled “Veterinary Antiseptics Market – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2015 – 2023.” Key Takeaways: Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World veterinary antiseptics market to stand at US$401.6 mn by 2023 Iodine and iodophors to lead the overall market at a CAGR of 6.3% between 2015 and 2023 Asia Pacific to contribute revenue worth US$193.6 mn by 2023 as population of production and companion animals goes up The Veterinary Antiseptics Market in Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World, by Product Iodine and Iodophors Chlorhexidine Alcohol Hydrogen peroxide Others The Veterinary Antiseptics Market in Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World, by Species Bovine Porcine Ovine Equine Canine Feline Camelidae The Veterinary Antiseptics Market in Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World, by Geography Asia Pacific Japan China India Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Argentina Mexico Rest of Latin America Browse : Our new press releases www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/veterinar… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Firsthand Technology Value Fund Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results, NAV of $20.03 per share Next PostNext Havertys Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend Search Recent Posts Player’s Network, Inc. Launches Major Shareholder Communications Initiative Gildan recognized with a Distintivo ESR(R) award for second consecutive year Newport Beach Environmental Law Firm, Bick Law LLP, Adds Corrie Plant to Expanding Roster of Environmental Attorneys PLS’ Capitalize reviews oil and gas industry’s Q1 capital raising activity Press release from Nordic American Tankers (NYSE:NAT): Nordic American Offshore (NYSE:NAO) – Increased ownership by the Hansson family RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
398541 3475 sfoglia le notizie Newsletter Chi siamo METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 09/05/2017 22:07 DARMSTADT, Germany, and NEW YORK, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --   Merck and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved BAVENCIO ® (avelumab) Injection for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy therapy, or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. BAVENCIO was previously granted accelerated approval from the FDA for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. [1] BAVENCIO will be co-commercialized by EMD Serono, the biopharmaceutical business of Merck in the US and Canada, and Pfizer. "This approval for BAVENCIO in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma exemplifies our unwavering commitment to finding new treatments for the most challenging cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, M.D., Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development at biopharma business of Merck. "Coming just a few weeks after the approval for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, we continue to demonstrate our ability to accelerate access to innovative medicines for patients in need." "This approval builds on the ongoing clinical development program for BAVENCIO in urothelial carcinoma and reinforces our commitment to providing new medicines to patients with difficult-to-treat cancers," said Liz Barrett, Global President, Pfizer Oncology. "By drawing on the strength of the alliance, as well as Pfizer's deep experience in genitourinary cancers, we believe BAVENCIO will be an important treatment option, and we hope it will help to improve outcomes for these patients." Bladder cancer makes up approximately 90% of urothelial carcinomas and is the sixth most common cancer in the US. [2],[3] When the disease has metastasized, the five-year survival rate is approximately 5%. [4] Despite advances in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, the prognosis for patients remains poor and more treatment options are needed. [2] "Once urothelial carcinoma progresses after treatment with chemotherapy, the five-year survival rate is alarmingly low," said Dr. Andrea Apolo, National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MD. "Until recently, there had been limited innovation in urothelial carcinoma, and this approval gives us another treatment to help battle this aggressive disease." The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts (N=242) of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study of BAVENCIO in the treatment of various solid tumors. The urothelial carcinoma cohorts enrolled patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen. These data will be presented at an upcoming medical congress. The warnings and precautions for BAVENCIO include immune-mediated adverse reactions (such as pneumonitis, hepatitis, colitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis and renal dysfunction and other adverse reactions), infusion-related reactions and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). [1] For more information, please see Important Safety Information for BAVENCIO below. BAVENCIO is designed to potentially engage both the adaptive and innate immune systems. By binding to PD-L1, BAVENCIO is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells, such as T cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. [1] BAVENCIO has also been shown to induce antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in vitro. [1] The alliance is committed to providing industry-leading patient access and reimbursement support through its CoverOne™ program in the United States. This program provides a spectrum of patient access and reimbursement support services intended to help patients receive appropriate access to BAVENCIO in the United States. About Urothelial Carcinoma Cohorts in JAVELIN Solid Tumor Trial    The efficacy and safety of BAVENCIO was demonstrated in the urothelial carcinoma cohorts of the JAVELIN Solid Tumor trial, a Phase I, open-label, single-arm, multicenter study that included 242 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy or who had disease progression within 12 months of treatment with a platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy regimen who were treated with BAVENCIO. Patients with active or a history of central nervous system metastasis; other malignancies within the last five years; an organ transplant; conditions requiring therapeutic immune suppression; or active infection with HIV, hepatitis B or C were excluded. Patients with autoimmune disease, other than type 1 diabetes, vitiligo, psoriasis, or thyroid disease that did not require immunosuppressive treatment, were excluded. Patients were included regardless of their PD-L1 status. Patients received BAVENCIO at a dose of 10 mg/kg intravenously over 60 minutes every two weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Tumor response assessments were performed every six weeks, as assessed by an Independent Endpoint Review Committee (IERC) using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Efficacy outcome measures included confirmed overall response rate (ORR) and duration of response (DOR). Efficacy measures were evaluated in patients who were followed for a minimum of both 13 weeks and 6 months at the time of data cut-off. Out of the total 226 patients evaluable for efficacy, 44% had non-bladder urothelial carcinoma, including 23% of patients with upper tract disease; 83% of patients had visceral metastases; 34% of patients had liver metastases. Nine patients (4%) had disease progression following prior platinum-containing neoadjuvant or adjuvant therapy only. Forty-seven percent of patients only received prior cisplatin-based regimens, 32% received only prior carboplatin-based regimens, and 20% received both cisplatin and carboplatin-based regimens. The international clinical development program for avelumab, known as JAVELIN, involves more than 30 clinical programs, including nine Phase III trials, and more than 5,200 patients across more than 15 tumor types.   In December 2015, Merck and Pfizer announced the initiation of a Phase III multicenter, multinational, randomized, open-label, parallel-arm study (JAVELIN Bladder 100) of BAVENCIO plus best supportive care versus best supportive care alone as a maintenance treatment in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma whose disease did not progress after completion of first-line platinum-containing chemotherapy. This trial is currently enrolling patients. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION and INDICATIONS    BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis and evaluate suspected cases with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3), life-threatening (Grade 4), or recurrent moderate (Grade 2) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 1.2% (21/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) patient with Grade 5, one (0.1%) with Grade 4, and five (0.3%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis, including fatal cases. Monitor patients for abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) immune-mediated hepatitis until resolution and permanently discontinue for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated hepatitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis was reported in 0.9% (16/1738) of patients, including two (0.1%) patients with Grade 5 and 11 (0.6%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold BAVENCIO until resolution for moderate or severe (Grade 2 or 3) colitis and permanently discontinue for life-threatening (Grade 4) or recurrent (Grade 3) colitis upon re-initiation of BAVENCIO. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 1.5% (26/1738) of patients, including seven (0.4%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated endocrinopathies, including adrenal insufficiency, thyroid disorders, and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency during and after treatment, and administer corticosteroids as appropriate. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) adrenal insufficiency. Adrenal insufficiency was reported in 0.5% (8/1738) of patients, including one (0.1%) with Grade 3. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation. Manage hypothyroidism with hormone replacement therapy and hyperthyroidism with medical management. Withhold BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life- threatening (Grade 4) thyroid disorders. Thyroid disorders including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and thyroiditis were reported in 6% (98/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) with Grade 3. Type 1 diabetes mellitus including diabetic ketoacidosis: Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Withhold BAVENCIO and administer anti-hyperglycemics or insulin in patients with severe or life-threatening (Grade ≥ 3) hyperglycemia, and resume treatment when metabolic control is achieved. Type 1 diabetes mellitus without an alternative etiology occurred in 0.1% (2/1738) of patients, including two cases of Grade 3 hyperglycemia. BAVENCIO can cause immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction. Monitor patients for elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold BAVENCIO for moderate (Grade 2) or severe (Grade 3) nephritis until resolution to Grade 1 or lower. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for life-threatening (Grade 4) nephritis. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 0.1% (1/1738) of patients. BAVENCIO can result in other severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse reactions involving any organ system during treatment or after treatment discontinuation. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, evaluate to confirm or rule out an immune-mediated adverse reaction and to exclude other causes. Depending on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold or permanently discontinue BAVENCIO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and initiate hormone replacement therapy if appropriate. Resume BAVENCIO when the immune-mediated adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or lower following a corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for any severe (Grade 3) immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening (Grade 4) immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 1738 patients treated with BAVENCIO: myocarditis with fatal cases, myositis, psoriasis, arthritis, exfoliative dermatitis, erythema multiforme, pemphigoid, hypopituitarism, uveitis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, and systemic inflammatory response. BAVENCIO can cause severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Patients should be premedicated with an antihistamine and acetaminophen prior to the first 4 infusions and for subsequent doses based upon clinical judgment and presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including pyrexia, chills, flushing, hypotension, dyspnea, wheezing, back pain, abdominal pain, and urticaria. Interrupt or slow the rate of infusion for mild (Grade 1) or moderate (Grade 2) infusion-related reactions. Permanently discontinue BAVENCIO for severe (Grade 3) or life-threatening (Grade 4) infusion-related reactions. Infusion-related reactions occurred in 25% (439/1738) of patients, including three (0.2%) patients with Grade 4 and nine (0.5%) with Grade 3. BAVENCIO can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise patients of the potential risk to a fetus including the risk of fetal death. Advise females of childbearing potential to use effective contraception during treatment with BAVENCIO and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO. It is not known whether BAVENCIO is excreted in human milk. Advise a lactating woman not to breastfeed during treatment and for at least 1 month after the last dose of BAVENCIO due to the potential for serious adverse reactions in breastfed infants. The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) were fatigue (50%), musculoskeletal pain (32%), diarrhea (23%), nausea (22%), infusion-related reaction (22%), rash (22%), decreased appetite (20%), and peripheral edema (20%). Selected treatment-emergent laboratory abnormalities (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with metastatic MCC were lymphopenia (49%), anemia (35%), increased aspartate aminotransferase (34%), thrombocytopenia (27%), and increased alanine aminotransferase (20%). The most common adverse reactions (all grades, ≥ 20%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (UC) were fatigue (41%), infusion-related reaction (30%), musculoskeletal pain (25%), nausea (24%), decreased appetite/hypophagia (21%) and urinary tract infection (21%). Selected laboratory abnormalities (grades 3-4, ≥ 3%) in patients with locally advanced or metastatic UC  were hyponatremia (16%), gamma-glutamyltransferase increased (12%), lymphopenia (11%), hyperglycemia (9%), increased alkaline phosphatase (7%), anemia (6%), increased lipase (6%), hyperkalemia (3%), and increased aspartate aminotransferase (3%). INDICATIONS    BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). BAVENCIO is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (UC) who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. Avelumab has not yet been approved for any indication in any market outside of the US. As announced on October 31, 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has validated for review Merck's Marketing Authorization Application for avelumab, for the proposed indication of metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma.   About BAVENCIO ® (avelumab)    BAVENCIO is a human programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated in the US for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or who have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy, as well as for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma. [1] These indications are approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response and duration of response. Continued approval for these indications is contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials. BAVENCIO is not approved for any indication in any market outside the US. About Merck-Pfizer Alliance    Immuno-oncology is a top priority for Merck and Pfizer Inc. The global strategic alliance between Merck and Pfizer enables the companies to benefit from each other's strengths and capabilities and further explore the therapeutic potential of avelumab, an anti-PD-L1 antibody initially discovered and developed by Merck. The immuno-oncology alliance will jointly develop and commercialize avelumab and advance Pfizer's PD-1 antibody. The alliance is focused on developing high-priority international clinical programs to investigate avelumab as a monotherapy, as well as in combination regimens, and is striving to find new ways to treat cancer. About EMD Serono, Inc.     EMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical business of Merck - a leading science and technology company - in the US and Canada focused exclusively on specialty care. For more than 40 years, the business has integrated cutting-edge science, innovative products and industry-leading patient support and access programs. EMD Serono has deep expertise in neurology, fertility and endocrinology, as well as a robust pipeline of potential therapies in oncology, immuno-oncology and immunology as R&D focus areas. Today, the business has 1,200 employees around the country with commercial, clinical and research operations based in the company's home state of Massachusetts. http://www.emdserono.com All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to  http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. For further details and press materials about Merck in oncology please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/en/media/media_center_oncology.html About Merck    Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of € 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the "Merck" name and brand except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About Pfizer Inc.: Working together for a healthier world ®     At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Our global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world's best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at  http://www.pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on  http://www.pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at  @Pfizer and  @PfizerNews,  LinkedIn,  YouTube and like us on Facebook at  Facebook.com/Pfizer. Pfizer Disclosure Notice    The information contained in this release is as of May 9, 2017. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), Merck-Pfizer's Alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at  http://www.sec.gov and  http://www.pfizer.com. References         (Logo:  http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg )      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/495843/Bavencio_Logo.jpg )     Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: enUK201704280114_Immedia, en-US, Salute_E_Benessere Chimica_E_Farmacia Chimica_E_Farmacia Alimentazione , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI ExoMars, primi sei mesi in orbita della sonda Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. 7 cose che il fisco non ti può pignorare 2. Legge elettorale, giovedì il testo alla Camera 3. Tfr, si cambia 4. Bandiere Blu 2017, le 300 spiagge da sogno 5. Statali, Madia: "Sblocco contratti prima dell'estate" Video Caos rifiuti, lo sfogo dei cittadini: "Povera Roma nostra" ExoMars, primi sei mesi in orbita della sonda 'Wonder Woman', l'ultimo trailer Su Rai Storia 'Mariangela!', gli amici raccontano la Melato ‘Teen’, si parte Il balzo della tigre siberiana verso la libertà Il caffè con il telefonino, ora si può Arriva in Sala Gold – La grande truffa Eruzioni solari 'spiegate' in un video In Evidenza L'asma grave e le nuove frontiere della terapia biologica Roadhouse festeggia l'apertura numero 100 a Fidenza, oltre 600 assunti in un anno Intesa Sp premia pmi rosa, con più donne Pil Italia crescerebbe del 7% Conto alla rovescia per il varo di MSC Meraviglia, la “smartship” del futuro MsmLab Population Health Management per la sclerosi multipla Forum On Peripheral Neuropathies Al via torneo Padel&Salute, Umberto I 'in campo' con visite gratuite/VIDEO Borsa, la friulana Mep tra le 25 aziende premiate con certificato Elite Il Biotech in Italia tra Human Technopole ed Ema Miroglio Fashion cambia veste Rimborsabile in Italia il farmaco anti-scompenso cardiaco Novartis L'appello, stop a diagnosi tardive di ipertensione polmonare 9° Congresso Nazionale dei Consulenti del Lavoro Conferenza FIRE “Certificati bianchi: titoli di efficienza energetica a portata di mano” Open Fiber, al via commercializzazione fibra banda ultra larga a Catania Coop, arrivano carne e uova senza antibiotici /Video Al via “Tutti in rete con i nonni”, settimana di alfabetizzazione digitale Rivoluzione super molecole per curare l'Hcv Frati (Neuromed): "Con legge Gelli addio al Far West in aule tribunali" 'Terziario Futuro 2020', settore vitale per competere tra Made in Italy e Industria 4.0 Tavola rotonda su 'Mercato pubblico, centralizzazione e tutela della concorrenza' Nasce Inveo per certificazione dati in sanità, la Brexit è opportunità per l'Italia /Video L’Impatto Economico e Occupazionale di Coca-Cola in Italia Mal di schiena e dolori articolari? Con la Fisioanalisi si guarisce definitivamente Syngenta al Food&Science Festival: 'innovazione è opportunità' Sicilia: Cobat, in un anno raccolti 13 milioni di kg di rifiuti tecnologici /Video Tonno Callipo una storia che arriva dal mare ‘Diritti in Salute’ di Altroconsumo LAV, i lasciti testamentari a favore di animali Eni – Future Experience for You(ng) Non più centrali elettriche, nuova vita per 23 impianti Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro   Seguici 398541 3475 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Chi siamo Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman MilliporeSigma Acquires Grzybowski Scientific Inventions to Expand Chemical Synthesis Offering – Revolutionary computer-aided retro-synthesis software optimizes productivity, organic synthesis – Complements MilliporeSigma’s leading e-commerce platform and chemistry portfolio of more than 400,000 building blocks, catalysts and reagents for chemical synthesis  This image illustrates the synthetic pathways a researcher using Chematica might be given. Each burst represents the viable reaction options. The connections between the bursts represent the selected reaction steps forming a synthetic pathway for a given target molecule. BILLERICA, Mass., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — MilliporeSigma today announced the acquisition of Grzybowski Scientific Inventions (GSI), a company that developed the revolutionary computer-aided retro-synthesis tool, Chematica. Chematica uses advanced reaction rules and proprietary algorithms to identify synthesis pathways that meet user-defined constraints. Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed. „With a 350-year legacy in the pharmaceutical and chemistry business, we recognize the attractiveness of the chemical synthesis and cheminformatics market and how it complements our existing leadership position in chemicals and reagents,” said Udit Batra, CEO, MilliporeSigma. Virtual synthesis significantly reduces the time between chemical target conception and route evaluation by using a lab’s preferences to filter millions of data points. The tool quickly and efficiently provides optimized routes, providing significant benefit to all researchers, especially those working in medicinal chemistry and drug discovery. GSI’s knowledge base of tens of thousands of expert-defined rules of chemical reactivity, combined with proprietary algorithms, enables the program to scrutinize millions of synthetic pathways and to choose the routes that lead to desired targets in the most cost-effective way. „As chemists who grew up with Sigma-Aldrich and Millipore in the lab, we couldn’t be more proud to be acquired by a company with such a long legacy and sincere interest in chemistry,” said Bartosz Grzybowski, founder of GSI and inventor of Chematica. „Combining our revolutionary planning tool with MilliporeSigma’s large number of available starting materials and its industry leading e-commerce platform will provide immense value to our customers.” The Chematica tool is available now through a limited release for users in academia and in industry. About Grzybowski Scientific Inventions (GSI) Grzybowski Scientific Inventions (GSI) is a start-up company with exclusive licensing, development, marketing and sales rights to the revolutionary chemistry decision-making and synthetic planning software product Chematica. Since its establishment in December 2013, GSI has successfully engaged a clientele composed of a wide range of industries as well as academic and government institutions from all over the world. Today, Chematica is widely recognized as the first computer program capable of „chemical thinking” and the only expert system able to design chemically viable synthetic pathways for complex targets — including drugs, natural products as well as theoretical molecules — within seconds. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €15.0 billion in 2016. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark „Merck” internationally except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/milliporesigma-acquires-grzybowski-scientific-inventions-to-expand-chemical-synthesis-offering-300453639.html SOURCE MilliporeSigma CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trilogy Metals Announces Election of Directors Next PostNext Silvercorp Class Actions Discontinued – Payment of $470,000 in Cost Awards Received Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: May 10, 2017, 9:03 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health Glaucoma Therapeutics Market is Anticipated to Reach a Value of US$7.6 Bn by 2024 The Glaucoma Therapeutics Market is fueled by the increasing geriatric population in developed nations, a surge in healthcare expenditure, and the development of advanced drug delivery devices. Glaucoma Therapeutics Market PR-Inside.com: 2017-05-09 10:07:24 The global glaucoma therapeutics market is immensely consolidated and the top five players accounted for just under 85.0% of the market in 2015. Among Novartis AG, Allergan plc., Pfizer Inc., Merck & Co., and Santen Pharmaceuticals, Novartis is the clear leader with a massive share of over 33.0%. This exhaustive report includes 19 data tables and 54 figures to give readers a 360° view of the Glaucoma Therapeutics Market. Browse through this 150 page report to know what factors will shape the market by 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/glaucoma-therapeutics-market. .. Transparency Market Research has observed that most companies have a hold over the market owing to their well-established brands and a strong pipeline of drugs for the treatment of glaucoma. However, loss in the market share of leading companies due to patent expiry is likely to offset the competitive landscape in the coming years. The global glaucoma therapeutics market is projected to rise from a value of US$5.7 bn in 2015 to US$7.6 bn by 2024 at a modest CAGR of 3.4% therein. North America Dominates Global Market by Revenue Based on drug class, the glaucoma therapeutics market is led by the combination segment, which is projected to account for a share of 25.8% by 2024. Expanding at an 8.8% CAGR from 2016 to 2024, the segment is fueled by the cost-effective nature of these drugs as compared to individual drugs. On the basis of end use, hospitals formed the leading segment of the glaucoma therapeutics market in 2015. The maximum opportunity was also presented by this segment. Hospitals provide healthcare services at an affordable cost to citizens across the U.S., Canada, the U.K., and several other countries in Europe. This has ensured the dominance of the hospitals segment. Geographically, North America is expected to account for a large share in the glaucoma therapeutics market in terms of revenue owing to the rising usage of highly priced prostaglandins. The region accounted for almost half the market in 2015. Exhibiting a 4.2% CAGR from 2016 to 2024, Asia Pacific presents immense scope for growth. India holds a major share in the APAC market in terms of revenue owing to the rising prevalence of glaucoma in the country and a comparatively lower cost of treatment. Improving Socio-economic Living Conditions Key in Driving Uptake of Glaucoma Therapeutics The growing need to offer improved eye care and preserve the vision of the patients among healthcare providers has resulted in the development of enhanced therapeutic options for the treatment of glaucoma. “Although eye drops have, until recent years, been the primary method of treatment, the market has been witnessing an evident shift toward combination drugs,” the author notes. The strong pipeline of combination drugs for the treatment of glaucoma therefore ensures steady growth of this market. Aerie Pharmaceuticals’ pipeline of combination drugs such as Rho Kinase Inhibitor (ROCKi) and norepinephrine transport inhibitor (NETi) is a key example of this development. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Glaucoma Therapeutics Market by 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_ .. In addition to this, an improvement in the socio-economic conditions of people in developing countries has increased spending capacity, which has not only resulted in a rise in healthcare expenditure but also led a surge in awareness about living a healthy lifestyle. This has, in turn, upped the early detection of glaucoma and spurred the demand for glaucoma therapeutics. In contrast, the possible side effects of glaucoma drugs and the growth of the generic drugs market are likely to be the key deterrents in the coming years. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Press Information Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing +1-518-618-1030 email www.transparencymarketresearch.com/glaucoma-therapeutics-market. .. # 639 Words Related Articles More From The Author Global Respiratory Disease Testing Market by Expanding [..] The global respiratory disease testing market is witnessing a surge in market valuation in the recent years. The rising frequency [..] Vascular Trauma Management Market Is Anticipated To [..] The term Vascular Trauma refers to an injury of the blood vessel. An injured artery results in blood loss than [..] Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension Market - Global Industry [..] Pulmonary arterial hypertension is when the blood pressure inside the small arteries within the lungs increases. PAH can cause [..] Marine Lubricants Market Global Industry Analysis 2016 [..] With no clear leader, the global market for marine lubricants demonstrates a fragmented landscape, states a new research report [..] PACS and RIS Market: Asia Pacific PACS [..] The global market for Picture archiving and communication systems (PACS) and radiology information systems (RIS) have witnessed rise [..]   More From Health Novotech signs MOU with South Korea's leading [..] SYDNEY, Australia and SEOUL, Korea - (ACN Newswire) - Asia Pacific specialist CRO Novotech announced today it has signed a [..] Digital Media & Commerce Company WellSeeker Announces [..] Digital media and commerce company, WellSeeker announced their official launch today. The wellness and self-care focused brand’s [..] Ultrasounds can decrease bone density Prolonged prenatal ultrasound exposure leads to decreased bone density and strength in young rabbits. Selangor, Malaysia, Mar [..] Frost & Sullivan independent industry report identifies [..] PERTH, W. AUSTRALIA, Mar 28, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd (PILL; ASX:PIQ) is the leader in [..] New dynamics in monitoring diagnostics in leukemia Dresden/Germany Diagnosis leukemia and stem cell transplantation The diagnosis "leukemia" for patients means to undergo [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Notable Tuesday Option Activity: COST, MRK, BR Shutterstock photo Looking at options trading activity among components of the Russell 3000 index, there is noteworthy activity today in Costco Wholesale Corp (Symbol: COST), where a total volume of 11,596 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 1.2 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 49.4% of COST’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 2.3 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $163 strike call option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 930 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 93,000 underlying shares of COST. Below is a chart showing COST’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $163 strike highlighted in orange: Merck & Co Inc (Symbol: MRK) options are showing a volume of 43,378 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 4.3 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 48.2% of MRK’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 9.0 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $65 strike call option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 8,912 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 891,200 underlying shares of MRK. Below is a chart showing MRK’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $65 strike highlighted in orange: And Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc (Symbol: BR) options are showing a volume of 1,906 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 190,600 underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 47.9% of BR’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 397,735 shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $75 strike call option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 591 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 59,100 underlying shares of BR. Below is a chart showing BR’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $75 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for COST options , MRK options , or BR options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Noteworthy Tuesday Option Activity: OTIC, YELP, NVDA Next PostNext Noteworthy Tuesday Option Activity: JCOM, SAGE, PEGA Search Recent Posts US Travel Companies Need a Long-Term Perspective to Capitalize on Cuba 2017 to 2022 Global Gas Permeable Lens Market Research Analysis Report Interview with Kieran Gilbert, SKY News Empowering Local Citizens in Lao PDR for Better Development U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for May 10: Slipping the Surly Bonds RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Health CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Health Rate My Hospital Photo Galleries Heart attack risks from common painkillers may start early, study finds Check with a doctor if a medication is needed, and use the lowest dose for the shortest time By Amina Zafar, CBC News Posted: May 09, 2017 6:56 PM ET Last Updated: May 09, 2017 11:06 PM ET For the general public without major heart risk factors, the risk associated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs remains very low, a physician says. (Jack Guez/AFP/Getty) U.S. strengthens warnings for NSAID painkillers 1:45 U.S. strengthens warnings for NSAID painkillers 1:45 Related Stories FDA strengthens heart risk warning on popular pain relievers Experts reject Naproxen's cardiovascular safety claim compared with other NSAIDs Pull anti-inflammatory drug from market, experts urge People taking commonly prescribed anti-inflammatory painkillers may face a very small increased risk of heart attack as early as a week after starting the medications, an international study led by a Quebec researcher suggests. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, or NSAIDs, are taken to reduce pain, stiffness and inflammation. In Canada, Ibuprofen is sold under brands including Advil and Motrin. Health Canada's 2015 safety review says it is sold in over-the-counter products containing 400 milligrams or less of Ibuprofen. It is available in higher doses with a prescription, as are the other NSAIDs studied: Diclofenac. Naproxen. Celecoxib (sold under the brand name Celebrex among others). Rofecoxib (Vioxx). When Merck pulled Rofecoxib from the market worldwide in 2004 because of a possible increased risk in cardiovascular events such as heart attacks and strokes with chronic use, doctors, patients and pharmacists were left with questions about the heart risks of all NSAIDs. Now epidemiologist Michèle Bally of the University of Montreal Hospital Research Centre and her colleagues have analyzed individual, anonymous patient data on 446,763 people in Quebec, Saskatchewan, Finland and England to take a closer look at the risks of NSAID use. The data set included 61,460 people who had suffered a heart attack (first myocardial infarction). The heart attack findings reinforce why consumers should read the label on NSAIDs and talk to a health-care professional before using any, says Michèle Bally of the University of Montreal Hospital Research Centre. (University of Montreal) In clinical trials, participants are usually assigned to take high doses of medications continuously, but Bally was interested in studying the risk associated with very short-term use of one to seven days. "That risk was not documented previously," she said. Bally was interested in exploring the heart attack risks associated with the way the drugs are used in real life, which includes varying doses, sporadic use and switching medications. In Tuesday's issue of The BMJ (formerly known as the British Medical Journal), Bally and her team from McGill University, Finland and Germany say the risk of heart attack appeared greatest in the first month of treatment with higher doses. "Prescribers should consider weighing the risks and benefits of NSAIDs before instituting treatment, particularly for higher doses," the authors wrote. Since the meta-analysis was based on observational data from administrative databases and no one was assigned a treatment, no cause-and-effect conclusions can be drawn. In 2015, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and Health Canada warned of serious heart attack and stroke risks associated with NSAIDs. Benign perception  For Bally, the findings reinforce why consumers need to read NSAID drug labels and talk to their doctor. "There's a perception that they're benign," Bally said. "Please read the label. Be aware and ask your doctor about your cardiovascular baseline risk." Bally gives the example of a one per cent risk of heart attack per year due to NSAIDs in an elderly individual with Type 2 diabetes who smokes, has hypertension and a previous heart attack and takes NSAIDs continuously for aches and pains.  "Our study suggests that one per cent increases to 1.2 per cent per year or 1.5 per cent per year. That's very low from a single person's viewpoint. It will be like 12 people out of 1,000 or 15 people out of 1,000." Dr. David Henry has studied the impacts of medication use at the University of Toronto. He was not involved in the study, which he called a "very sophisticated approach to analyzing individual patient data" that emulates a large clinical trial. "The results confirm the overall risk with NSAIDs and show its very rapid onset," Henry said in an email. "The recommendation to avoid in the highest-risk patients and use the lowest dose still stands. For the general public without a history and without major risk factors the risk remains very low — that hasn't changed." Heart risks 'fairly similar' The research was ambitious, said Muhammad Mamdani, a scientist at the Li Ka Shing Centre at St. Michael's Hospital and a pharmacy professor at the University of Toronto. "Where this study is useful is that if you're thinking about one drug over another, I wouldn't be too concerned about picking which one in terms of the ones that are available on the market because they seem be fairly similar," Mamdani said. For Mamdani, the jury is still out on whether NSAIDs actually cause an increase in heart attacks, in part because it's so difficult to compare NSAID users and non-users. NSAIDs are also associated with increased risk of gastrointestinal and kidney problems. "The key point is go to your physician and make sure you actually need one of these things," Mamdani said. "If you're having pain, is it because you have arthritis or is it because you have fibromylagia? Maybe you don't even need to take an NSAID. Maybe there are other things that you should be treated with." Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines B.C. Votes: Follow CBC's coverage on election night video Trump fires FBI director James Comey read comments Workers 'take cover' in emergency at U.S.'s largest nuclear waste storage site 'In the face of insurmountable challenges': Woman completes PhD despite terminal cancer diagnosis B.C. votes 2017: Minority government possible Latest Health News Headlines Fast-food chain Freshii agrees to comply with calorie counts on menu boards Heart attack risks from common painkillers may start early, study finds video 'In the face of insurmountable challenges': Woman completes PhD despite terminal cancer diagnosis Unproven homeopathic remedies for kids still promising relief despite new label rules read comments video Ardene necklaces recalled after lead found in popular 'best friends' pendants Features Opioids 'People are dying out there': New guidelines for prescribing opioids encourage doctors to put down the pad Prescribing of opioids should be 'carefully considered or not occur at all': author of new recommendations Most Viewed Heart attack risks from common painkillers may start early, study finds Fast-food chain Freshii agrees to comply with calorie counts on menu boards Unproven homeopathic remedies for kids still promising relief despite new label rules New study questions Type 2 diabetes treatment Tool or toy? Why fidget toys may be hurting as many kids as they help Patients with colds get inappropriate antibiotics in nearly half of visits to doctors, study suggests Baby powder jury awards woman record-setting $110.5M US in cancer lawsuit Freshii food chain a holdout in posting calories on menu boards 'People are dying out there': New guidelines for prescribing opioids encourage doctors to put down the pad Canadian surgeons urge people to throw out bristle BBQ brushes Don't Miss Digital psychiatry 'Wild West' mental health apps offer both gold and 'digital snake oil' Condoms 'Stealthing' could be considered assault say experts about secret removal of condom during sex DIETS & HEALTH Healthy hearts: Gluten-free diets don't help people without celiac disease, study finds Addiction treatment Opioid addicts turn to psychedelic plants to treat withdrawal, but doctors warn of risks Prematurity Scientists successfully grow lambs in artificial womb, offering hope for preemies Medical marijuana middlemen: How specialty clinics cash in on legal prescriptions Storytelling 'It's made a difference': How word clouds offer solace to family members as a loved one dies Food outbreaks Why food recalls may seem more frequent 1,300 Canadians have died with medical assistance since legalization — here's one man's story CANNABIS Doctors highlight marijuana's health effects CBC Investigates Private health or public risk? How Alberta helped a foundation offer citizens 'experimental' care FIFTH ESTATE Ontario health agency finds 'concerning' rate of ALS in miners exposed to McIntyre Powder Childbirth 'Be calm': How to deliver a baby coming quickly any time, anyplace OPIOID ADDICTION 'Such courage': How one First Nation is fighting opioid addiction INTERACTIVE Was removing one-third of this man's brain right thing to do? Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión PP PSOE Podemos Ciudadanos Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo En primera persona Mosul Alepo Siria Daesh Rusia Donald Trump Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Sucesos Salud Comunicados EP Social Responsables Accidentes de trafico terrorismo >Aniversario EPsocial Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Aniversario Estatuto Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Fundación Unicaja Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava-Araba Gipuzkoa Bizkaia Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Turismo Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Sostenibilidad Punto Crítico Responsables Violencia de género Discapacidad Crisis Humanitarias Aniversario EPsocial Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Fitur Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Lotería del Niño 2017 Lotería de Navidad 2016 A Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer (4) Publicado 09/05/2017 22:11:28CET This release contains forward-looking information about BAVENCIO (avelumab), Merck-Pfizer's Alliance involving anti-PD-L1 and anti-PD-1 therapies, and clinical development plans, including their potential benefits, that involves substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties regarding the commercial success of BAVENCIO; the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical study commencement and completion dates and regulatory submission dates, as well as the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing clinical data; risks associated with interim data; the risk that clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether; whether and when drug applications may be filed in any other jurisdictions for the Indication or in any jurisdictions for any other potential indications for BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; whether and when any such applications (including the pending application for BAVENCIO for metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma in the EU) may be approved by regulatory authorities, which will depend on the assessment by such regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile suggested by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of BAVENCIO, combination therapies or other product candidates; and competitive developments. A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results", as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at http://www.sec.gov and http://www.pfizer.com. References    1) BAVENCIO Prescribing Information. Rockland, MA: EMD Serono Inc.; 2017. 2) National Cancer Institute. Bladder Cancer Treatment (PDQ) - Health Professional Version. Available at https://www.cancer.gov/types/bladder/hp/bladder-treatment-pdq. Accessed May 9, 2017. 3) National Comprehensive Cancer Network. NCCN Guidelines Version 1.2017 Updates. Bladder Cancer. Available from: https://www.nccn.org/professionals/physician_gls/pdf/bladder.pdf.    Accessed May 9, 2017. 4) National Cancer Institute. The Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER): Cancer Stat Facts: Bladder Cancer. Available at: https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html. Accessed May 9 [https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/urinb.html.%20Accessed%20May%209 ], 9 May. (Logo:  http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg ) - (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/495843/Bavencio_Logo.jpg ) Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/477506/Merck_Pfizer_Logo.jpg  http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/495843/Bavencio_Logo.jpg CONTACT: Merck: Media, Gangolf Schrimpf, +49-6151-72-9591, InvestorRelations: +49-6151-72-3321; Pfizer: Media (US) Sally Beatty+1-212-733-6566, Media (EU) Lisa O'Neill, +44-1737-331536; InvestorRelations: Ryan Crowe, +1-212-733-8160. IU se desmarca de Podemos y, en vez de abstenerse, votará en el Congreso contra la iniciativa del PP sobre Venezuela Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío Puede cambiar de noticia usando las flechas del teclado (← →) Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados Otra innovación de Turkish Airlines para vuelos con destino a Estados Unidos y Reino Unido Praj demuestra con éxito su tecnología de etanol celulósico Martes, 9 de Mayo G2A organiza un campamento de entrenamiento de e-sport para Virtus.pro y Natus Vincere Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada 1 El ascensor del siniestro había pasado las inspecciones y se le había realizado el mantenimiento en abril 2 Líderes de Chibok (Nigeria) reclaman que las niñas secuestradas por Boko Haram sean liberadas "quieran o no" 3 Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío 4 Una mujer fallecida y un varón herido tras caer su vehículo por un desnivel en Almería 5 El Gobierno central aprueba un trasvase Tajo-Segura de 7,5 hm3 para el mes de mayo Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en Sociedad El ascensor del siniestro había pasado las inspecciones y se le había realizado el mantenimiento en abril Internacional Líderes de Chibok (Nigeria) reclaman que las niñas secuestradas por Boko Haram sean liberadas "quieran o no" Madrid Mueren dos jóvenes de 17 años tras desprenderse el suelo del ascensor y caer al vacío europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2017 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Esta web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros para analizar su navegación y ofrecerle un servicio más personalizado y publicidad acorde a sus intereses. Continuar navegando implica la aceptación de nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
News & Perspective Drugs & Diseases CME & Education Academy Specialty: Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Business of Medicine Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Diabetes & Endocrinology Emergency Medicine Family Medicine Gastroenterology General Surgery Hematology - Oncology HIV/AIDS Infectious Diseases Internal Medicine Multispecialty Nephrology Neurology Ob/Gyn & Women's Health Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pathology & Lab Medicine Pediatrics Plastic Surgery Psychiatry Public Health Pulmonary Medicine Radiology Rheumatology Transplantation Urology Medical Students Nurses Pharmacists Residents Today on Medscape Edition: ENGLISH DEUTSCH ESPAÑOL FRANÇAIS PORTUGUÊS Log In Sign Up It's Free! Edition: ENGLISH DEUTSCH ESPAÑOL FRANÇAIS PORTUGUÊS Register Log In No Results No Results News & Perspective Drugs & Diseases CME & Education Academy Not a member? Sign Up Log In Email or Username Password Show Hide   Remember me Forgot username? Forgot password? Having trouble logging in? Not a Medscape member? Sign up for a free account Get unlimited access on Medscape. Only members can: Get breaking medical news and clinical perspectives across 30+ specialties Access free mobile and online drug and disease references Complete free continuing medical education and professional development courses   This website uses cookies to deliver its services as described in our Cookie Policy. By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies. close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Arun Patil Animal Antimicrobials Market Consumption Research Report and Design Guidelines Overview in USA 2017 The United States Animal Antimicrobials market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. A strong trend of R&D investments in Food & Beverage industries will majorly drive the Animal Antimicrobials market. Other growth drivers include the need to curtail costs, growth and increased use of shifting commodity prices, strength of private label brands and increased competition from players in Animal Antimicrobials industries are Zoetis, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Bayer AG, Sanofi, Ceva Sante Animale, Virbac, Vetoquinol S.A., Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC and many others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Animal Antimicrobials Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10624490 The USA Animal Antimicrobials Market, presents critical information and factual data about this Industry, providing an overall statistical study of this market on the basis of market drivers, market limitations and its future prospects. Animal Antimicrobials Market Research study focus on these Types: Premixes, Oral Powders, Oral Solutions, Injections, Others and Applications: Food-producing Animals, Companion Animals. Get Sample PDF of Animal Antimicrobials Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10624490 The research report gives an overview of USA Animal Antimicrobials industries on by analysing various key segments of this market based on the product types, application, end-to-end industries and industry scenario. The regional distribution of this industry is across the globe are considered for this Animal Antimicrobials market analysis, the result of which is utilized to estimate the performance of the USA market over the period by foretasted year. Following are major Table of Content of Animal Antimicrobials Industry: Animal Antimicrobials Market Competition by Manufacturers, Animal Antimicrobials Production, Revenue by Region, Animal Antimicrobials Supply, Consumption, Export, Import by Regions, Animal Antimicrobials Production, Revenue, Price Trend by Type, Animal Antimicrobials Market Analysis by Application, Animal Antimicrobials Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis. Purchase Animal Antimicrobials Market Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10624490 All aspects of the Animal Antimicrobials industry are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the USA as well as regional market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition, prevalent chain and the government regulations pertaining to the Animal Antimicrobials market are also discussed in the report. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAnimal Antimicrobials Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pumpkin Seeds Market Outlook 2021: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details by Regions, Types & Applications Next PostNext Smart Meter Market Analysis by Product Type & Applications, Key Players and Growth Forecast Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts Group Ten Metals Inc. (DCGCF: OTC Pink Current) | Venue Change Global Doorbell Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Alex Perriello Named One Of Inaugural Visionary Award Recipients By The Swanepoel T3 Group Themis Introduces Compact 2U Rugged Supercomputing Server at GPU Technology Conference Dorothy Indelicato Dies At 84 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman MilliporeSigma Acquires Grzybowski Scientific Inventions to Expand Chemical Synthesis Offering - Revolutionary computer-aided retro-synthesis software optimizes productivity, organic synthesis - Complements MilliporeSigma's leading e-commerce platform and chemistry portfolio of more than 400,000 building blocks, catalysts and reagents for chemical synthesis  BILLERICA, Mass., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MilliporeSigma today announced the acquisition of Grzybowski Scientific Inventions (GSI), a company that developed the revolutionary computer-aided retro-synthesis tool, Chematica. Chematica uses advanced reaction rules and proprietary algorithms to identify synthesis pathways that meet user-defined constraints. Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed. "With a 350-year legacy in the pharmaceutical and chemistry business, we recognize the attractiveness of the chemical synthesis and cheminformatics market and how it complements our existing leadership position in chemicals and reagents," said Udit Batra, CEO, MilliporeSigma. Virtual synthesis significantly reduces the time between chemical target conception and route evaluation by using a lab's preferences to filter millions of data points. The tool quickly and efficiently provides optimized routes, providing significant benefit to all researchers, especially those working in medicinal chemistry and drug discovery. GSI's knowledge base of tens of thousands of expert-defined rules of chemical reactivity, combined with proprietary algorithms, enables the program to scrutinize millions of synthetic pathways and to choose the routes that lead to desired targets in the most cost-effective way. "As chemists who grew up with Sigma-Aldrich and Millipore in the lab, we couldn't be more proud to be acquired by a company with such a long legacy and sincere interest in chemistry," said Bartosz Grzybowski, founder of GSI and inventor of Chematica. "Combining our revolutionary planning tool with MilliporeSigma's large number of available starting materials and its industry leading e-commerce platform will provide immense value to our customers." The Chematica tool is available now through a limited release for users in academia and in industry. About Grzybowski Scientific Inventions (GSI) Grzybowski Scientific Inventions (GSI) is a start-up company with exclusive licensing, development, marketing and sales rights to the revolutionary chemistry decision-making and synthetic planning software product Chematica. Since its establishment in December 2013, GSI has successfully engaged a clientele composed of a wide range of industries as well as academic and government institutions from all over the world. Today, Chematica is widely recognized as the first computer program capable of "chemical thinking" and the only expert system able to design chemically viable synthetic pathways for complex targets -- including drugs, natural products as well as theoretical molecules -- within seconds. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €15.0 billion in 2016. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark "Merck" internationally except in the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.   SOURCE MilliporeSigma CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers, Takeovers, Chemical, Computer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Health Care/Hospitals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Noise And Vibration Coatings Market Information, Figures and Analytical Insights 2016 – 2026 Next PostNext Ethylene Market 2017 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Ronak Bora Antidiabetics Industry Overview, Company Statistics, Research Report, 2023 The research report “Antidiabetics Market Size By Product (Insulin [Rapid Acting, Long Acting, Premixed, Short Acting, Intermediate Acting], Alpha-Glucosidase Inhibitors, Biguanides, Sulphonylureas, GLP-1 Agonist, Meglitinides, DPP-4 Inhibitors, SGLT-2, Thiazolodinediones), By Application (Type I Diabetes, Type II & Other), Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook, Application Potential, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2023”, by Global Market Insights, Inc., Antidiabetics market is anticipated to surpass USD 116 billion revenue by 2023 owing to the alarming diabetes occurrence rate worldwide.   International Diabetes Federation projects 552 million diabetes cases to be registered by 2030. Geriatric demographic and obesity patients are likely to exhibit higher diabetes rates and will be the main drivers of this industry accounting for 360 million diabetes cases by 2023. Request for a sample of this research report @ https://www.fractovia.org/request-sample/185 Moreover, rising awareness among people about the causes and consequences of diabetes is also favoring the market growth. Diabetes as a global health concern is being addressed by the government through various campaigns to inform and educate people about the effects and consequences of this disease and thus, motivate them to take effective measures for its control. For instance, NIDDK (National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases) has organized educational campaigns like ‘Control your diabetes for life’,‘Small Steps’, etc. to spread awareness about the importance of diabetes control. Multinational pharmaceutical companies like Pfizer, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, Eli Lilly, Sanofi, AstraZeneca are aiming towards expanding their market across 57.2 million people by 2025. Expanding their respective product portfolios will be the major growth strategy adopted by these players over the coming years. Generic drug manufacturers will also witness high growth opportunities in this market taking advantage of the reliance factor on low cost medicines. The Asia Pacific antidiabetics market is forecast to reach USD 28 billion by 2023. India and China are anticipated to be the revenue pockets due to high patient pool across these regions. In addition to this, the regional growth will be fueled by increasing penetration rates of insulin analogs. The European market is estimated to register a CAGR of 9% from 2016-2023. The growth is mainly attributed to the large obese population in this region. Make an inquiry for purchasing this report @ https://www.fractovia.org/request-purchase/185 North America insulin antidiabetic market share worth USD 22.2 billion in 2015, will witness a noticeable surge in the coming years, driven by factors like better healthcare facilities in terms of accessibility, high disposable income, and favorable reimbursement policies. Insulin products will significantly grow over the coming years and will account for a revenue of USD 75 billion by 2023. Growing diabetes occurrence rates coupled with rising awareness among people about its treatment and control will drive the insulin market growth. Antidiabetics market is becoming highly competitive with a variety of industry participants entering into the business space. Generic drug manufacturers have high scope wherein they can drive the revenue by manufacturing biosimilar medicines. Also, the new trend where the drug manufacturers strategically tie up with social insurance systems to ensure convenient healthcare access will lead to some interesting developments in this market in terms of competition and facilities. Browse Related Reports: Precision Medicine Market Size By Technology (Big Data Analytics, Gene Sequencing, Drug Discovery, Bioinformatics, Companion Diagnostics), By Application (Oncology, CNS, Immunology, Respiratory), Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook (U.S., Canada, Germany, UK, France, Scandinavia, Italy, Japan, China, India, Singapore, Mexico, Brazil, South Africa, UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia), Application Potential, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2016 – 2023 https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/precision-medicine-market About Fractovia.org: Fractovia.org is one of India’s leading in-house and free news portal. It is fully automated, and operates on a constant premise, interfacing with news sites and offering redesigned breaking features to readers across the globe. Our mission is to offer individuals opportunities for connections with news writers and distributors which they can pursue. We operate by mapping articles pertaining to breaking news, constantly and progressively, against a pre-determined word-based theme, offering important connections to readers and clients, as well as distributors. Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Fractovia.org Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Email: sales@fractovia.org Web: https://www.fractovia.org Contact Us: Facebook | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsamputations, Biotech, Biotechnology, blindness, Business, Diabetes, diagnosis, Diseases & Therapeutic Areas, Global Antidiabetics Market Size, Healtcare IT, Health and Fitness, Health Care Equipment, health-care services, Healthcare, Insulin, insulin analogs, insulin pen technology, insulin pen technology Global Antidiabetics Market size, kidney failure, Managed Health Care, medical devices, Medical Equipments, oral anti-diabetic drugs, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ceramic Foam Sales Market Is Progressing Towards a Strong Growth by 2022, Study The Factors Here Next PostNext Global Flare Gas Recovery System Market to Spread a Predictable Worth of US$ 2,000 Million by 2020 End Search Recent Posts 2017 to 2022 Global Gate Valves Market Research Analysis Report Praj demuestra con éxito su tecnología de etanol celulósico NZX wants best practice in the boardroom with new governance Global Automobile High-strength Steel Market 2017-2021 Forecast Research Report 2017 to 2022 Global Gear Grinding Market Research Analysis Report RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) cheapest Vasotec 5 mg Buy Fast Worldwide Shipping Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 9 de Maio de 2017 cheapest Vasotec 5 mg Buy Generic Vasotec Best Pharmacy To Purchase Vasotec Generic Drug. Vasotec (Enalapril) is used to treat high blood pressure, heart failure, and other heart problems. It is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor which works by helping to relax blood vessels. Generic Vasotec is a cost-saving medication prescribed by  medical physicians worldwide. Generic Vasotec may also be marketed as: Enalapril, Enaladex, Enacard *Vasotec® is a trusted high blood pressure treatment & the first of its kind, by Merck & Co. Rating 4.7 stars, based on 127 comments Price start from $0.56 Per pill Follow this link to Order Generic Vasotec (Enalapril) NOW! Vasotec Cheap Pharmacy Combien Cheap Vasotec España Where To Order Online Vasotec Washington Buy Enalapril Enalapril Online Billig Cheap Vasotec Inghilterra Europe Generic Vasotec Where To Buy Order Cheap Vasotec England Order Cheap Vasotec Stockholm Cheapest Generic Enalapril Sites Pour Acheter Vasotec Where To Purchase Cheap Vasotec Uk Buy Real Generic Enalapril Billig Generic Vasotec Danmark buy Zovirax Where To Get Cheap Vasotec Angleterre, Europe Generic Vasotec Where To Order, Achat Online Vasotec Ny, Generic Enalapril So Cheap, Vasotec Brand Name Buy Online, Combien Generic Vasotec Sweden, Enalapril Daily Buy, Cost Vasotec Online, Acheter Cheap Vasotec Houston, Best Online Pharmacy To Buy Vasotec, Billig Cheap Vasotec Sverige, Where To Purchase Cheap Vasotec Holland, Vasotec Buy Discounted, Beställ Generic Vasotec Holland, Acheter Cheap Vasotec Stockholm, Buy Vasotec No Prescription Overnight, Buy Vasotec Paypal Payment, Is Buying Enalapril Online Safe, Köp Online Vasotec Uk, Buy Enalapril No Rx, Enalapril Online No Prescription Cheap, Buy Generic Enalapril Online Cheap, Safe Place To Buy Vasotec, Achat Cheap Vasotec Phoenix, Comparatif Achat Vasotec, Cheap Enalapril Sites, Achat Du Enalapril, Cost Vasotec With A Prescription, What Is Cost Of Vasotec, Buy Cheap Enalapril, Enalapril Brand Cost, Buy Vasotec Feedback, Beställ Cheap Vasotec Dallas, Where To Order Online Vasotec Netherlands, Buy Vasotec Online, Buy Enalapril Tablets, Buy Vasotec Online Legitimate, Ou Acheter Du Vasotec En Toute Securite, Buy Enalapril Cheapest, Where Can You Buy Vasotec Over The Counter, Cost Vasotec Per Pill, Buy Enalapril Online Legitimate, Where To Buy Generic Vasotec Zürich, Cost Daily Vasotec, Combien Online Vasotec Paris, Legal Buy Generic Enalapril Online, Buy Online Enalapril, Enalapril How To Order, Billig Generic Vasotec Sverige, Branded Enalapril Buy, Acheter Online Vasotec Seattle, Purchase Cheap Vasotec Philadelphia, Acheter Le Enalapril Enalapril, Where To Get Online Vasotec Spain, Where To Order Cheap Vasotec Inglaterra, Ny Vasotec Where To Buy, Enalapril Where Can I Buy It Over The Counter, Acheter Enalapril Original En Ligne, Billig Online Vasotec Angleterre, Acheter Vasotec Site De Confiance, Combien Cheap Vasotec San Francisco, Achat Online Vasotec Sydney, Where To Buy Cheap Vasotec Switzerland, Waar Vasotec Kopen, Enalapril Order Line, Buy Vasotec Online Fast, Safe Purchase Enalapril, Vasotec Low Cost Generic, Buy Cheapest Enalapril, Purchase Vasotec Paypal, Where To Purchase Online Vasotec L’espagne, Gb Vasotec Where To Order, Enalapril Real Buy, Cost Of Enalapril Prescription, Mail Order Vasotec Generic buy Deltasone Levitra apotek nätet buy Vasotec Cipro 1000 mg Acheter buy Lamisil vNsKP Related Posts Tutte le Carte di Credito * Cozaar 100 mg Acquistare Generico Bicicleta de 1.000 kz aponta ao mercado africano Inköp 600 mg Zyvox Nu Köp Generic och Brand läkemedel på nätet Gratis Kurir Leverans Acheter Ventolin 100 mcg En Ligne Pas Cher / Livraison dans le monde (3-7 Jours) / Garantie de remboursement Meilleure offre sur les médicaments génériques – Pilule Linezolid 600 mg Pas Cher Comprare Senza Ricetta – Generico 500 mg Fasigyn Non Prescritti – Worldwide Shipping (1-3 giorni) Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet In linea Acyclovir 400 mg Quanto costa / Miglior Inviato... Anterior Billig Vardenafil Vardenafil - Snabb Order Leverans Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Asia becomes a promising market for Orphan Drugs in Asia-Pacific region during forecast period Asia-Pacific Orphan Drugs research report, published by Market Data Forecast estimates that the market is growing with a CAGR of 8.92% to reach USD 42.35 billion by 2021, from USD 27.36 billion in 2016. Orphan Drugs Market are medical products which are used for the healing of ailments or conditions which includes a very small percentage of the population. Diseases which have low occurrence rates are no less important than ones that have a higher frequency. Hence orphan drugs market has maintained a sustainable growth in the market. For Full Report refer to: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-or… Currently, orphan drugs constitute only 6% of the complete pharmaceuticals market over the globe. Asia is becoming a favorable market for the growth of orphan drugs. Singapore established the Orphan Drug exemption to the Medicines Act in 1991 and Japan approved its Orphan Drug Regulation in 1993, permitting market exclusiveness for new orphan drugs for 10 years. The report also presents detailed analysis of multitude of factors affecting the Orphan Drugs bearing either positive or negative outcomes. Some of those factors are • Increasing healthcare expenditure. • Supporting government policies. • Prevalence of chronic diseases. Free Sample for report: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-or… For detailed understanding orphan drugs market is differentiated on basis of type, and therapeutics. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. The Asia-Pacific Orphan Drugs market is segmented based on Type and Therapeutic. The market for Orphan Drugs, on the basis of Type is segmented into Biological and Non Biological. Non Biological Orphan Drugs lead the market, on the basis of type with more than 60% of the market share. On the basis of Therapeutic, the Orphan Drugs market is segmented into Hematology, Neurology, Oncology, and Others. On the basis of Therapeutics, Neurology accounts for almost 40% of the entire market share. Enquire about the report: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-or… The Asia-Pacific region is geographically segmented into China, India, Japan, South Korea, and Australia. Asia is a growing market for orphan drugs. With increasing population and cases of chronic diseases, Asian market growth seems promising in forecast period The major companies dominating the Orphan Drugs market in this region are Novartis, GlaxoSmithKline, Roche, Alexion, Sanofi, Bristol Myers Squibb, Pfizer, Vertex, Celgene, and Merck. Buy now at: www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/asia-pacific-orph… The Asia-Pacific Orphan Drugs Market report offers wide-range of scope: • Regional and country-level analysis that provides an individual perspective of Asia-Pacific region and the aforementioned countries • Know more about key areas of industry growth via detailed Segment-level analysis on basis of type, and therapeutics along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations • Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics • Strategic Analyses containing PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses which are obtained by studying the macro & micro environmental factors that affect the market demographics • Comprehensive listing of key market players along with Company overview, product portfolios, financials (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview • Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies • Market Outlook – Investment opportunities devised by stand in experts to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market. Checkout other related studies in the Pharmaceuticals Segment: Anti-Aging Market by Demographics: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anti-agi… Anti-coccidial Drug Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anticocc… Anti-fungal Drug Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anti-fun… Anti-venom Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-antiveno… ADHD Therapeutics Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-at… About us Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the areas of market research and business intelligence. We have rich experience in research across major industry segments like Healthcare, Agriculture, Food & Beverages etc. and we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our research services contribute to key business areas like business process improvement, key decision making and developing appropriate corporate strategy. We are truly committed to our clients and other stakeholders for providing customized research services of the highest quality all the while being an organization that’s trusted for its integrity, respected for its accountability, and admired for its excellence, by both clients and competitors alike. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Market Data Forecast Blog @ www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the areas of market research and business intelligence. We have rich experience in research across major industry segments like Healthcare, Agriculture, Food & Beverages etc. and we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our research services contribute to key business areas like business process improvement, key decision making and developing appropriate corporate strategy. We are truly committed to our clients and other stakeholders for providing customized research services of the highest quality all the while being an organization that’s trusted for its integrity, respected for its accountability, and admired for its excellence, by both clients and competitors alike. 502, kakatiya’s empire, Jubilee Gardens, Hyderabad, India. +1-888-702-9626 (U.S. TOLL FREE), contact@marketdataforecast.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Engine Actuators Market 2017 Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Historic Growth, Trends, Strategies and Key Competitor Shares to 2021 Next PostNext Protein Expression Market Report to Grow In Near Future And With the High CAGR Value – Scalar Market Research Search Recent Posts COMP – THE BEST RAPPER ALIVE? Simo Juice launched Kickstarter Campaign to Reshape People’s Lives & Fitness Levels Worldwide QuikLid: The Greatest Personal Assistant for Cleaning launches Kickstarter Campaign Morton’s Dance Center launches Kickstarter Campaign to fund “The Experience” Dance Show GLOBI WEB SOLUTIONS OFFERING SANEBOX ALTERNATIVE WITH EMAILPET EMAIL MANAGEMENT PROGRAM RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Research Hub Tweet   Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Market Report and Trends In Global Industry 2017 The report covers the market projection and analysis of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Research Report 2016 on a global as well as regional level.   Market Research Hub (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 09, 2017 ) The report Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Market Report and Trends In Global Industry 2017 highlights key dynamics of Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine sector. The potential of the sector has been investigated along with the key challenges. The current market scenario and future prospects of the sector has also been studied. Additionally, prime strategical activities in the market which includes product developments, mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, etc., are discussed. Request Free Sample Report: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1045068 The report covers the market projection and analysis of Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Research Report 2016 on a global as well as regional level. The report is a composition of first-hand data, quantitative and qualitative valuation by industry analysts, contributions from industry experts along with their latest verbatim and every industry players through the value chain. The experts have further evaluated the overall sales and revenue generation of this market. Further, the report renders comprehensive analysis of root market trends, macro-economic indicators and various governing elements, along with market enhancements according to each segment. Also, the report comprises of various profiles of fundamental market players of Cervical Cancer Vaccine market. MSD GSK With thorough market segment in terms of different Countries, this report divides the global market into a few key countries, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share, and growth rate of Cervical Cancer Vaccine in these countries over the forecast period. United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/global-cervical-cancer-vaccine-sales-market-report-2017-report.html Furthermore, this market report is segregated with reference to various product types and their respective applications. The product types are conglomerated keeping in focus the production, revenue, price, market share, and growth rate of every single type. Besides, based on their applications, the report focuses on consumption, market share, and growth rate of Cervical Cancer Vaccine in each application. Check Other Related Reports:- United States Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Report 2017 - http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/united-states-cervical-cancer-vaccine-market-report-2017-report.html China Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Tests Market Research Report 2017 - http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/china-cervical-cancer-diagnostic-tests-market-research-report-2017-report.html About Market Research Hub Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRHs expansive collection of Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare Market Research Reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Us 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free : 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel : +1-518-621-2074 Email : press@marketresearchhub.com Website : http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ Contact Information: Market Research Hub Sudip S Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Analysis, Growth, Trends, Customers Demand and Competitive Landscape Outlook to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market is accounted for $127.9 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $237.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 9.2% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing demand for anti-aging hair care products, rise in urbanization and per capita income, advancement in cosmetic technologies, Laser/Energy-Based Cosmetic Treatments and aging population worldwide are driving the market growth. Stringent regulatory environment and safety concerns related to anti-aging products & devices are expected to constrain the market. Emerging economies, new product development and innovations will provide an opportunity for the market to grow. The skin lightening market is expected to grow with highest CAGR for the forecast period. The LED therapy devices segment occupies the largest share followed by lasabrasion devices market in devices segment. The product market accounts for the largest share of the overall anti-aging product and services market. North America is the leading Market for anti-aging market due to high awareness about aging. Asia Pacific market is expected to grow further followed by Rest of The Word. Some of the key players in global Anti-Aging Products and Therapies market are L’Oréal SA, Merck & Company Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Allergan Inc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Unilever PLC, Elizabeth Arden Inc, Novartis International AG, Avon Products Inc, Henkel KgaA, Beiersdorf AG, Woodridge Labs Inc, Coty Inc., Photomedex and Solta Medical, Inc. Browse a Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/anti-aging-products-and-therapies-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Products Covered: Multifunctional Anti – stretch marks Anti ageing Natural or Organic Skin Lightening Devices Covered: Laser Aesthetic Devices Anti-Cellulite Treatment Devices Radiofrequency Devices UV absorbers LED/infrared light therapy devices Cryotherapy Skincare Devices Microcurrent & Ultrasound Skincare Devices Electrosurgery Skincare Devices Active Ingredients Covered: Argirelline Vitamin C Epidermal growth factors Co-enzyme Q1 Retinol Sun Protection Factor (SPF) Hyaluronic acid Arbutin Hydroquinone kojic Acid Licorice Extract Vitamin B3 Mulberry Extract Glycolic Acid Other Ingredients Therapies Covered: Eye-Lid Surgery Hormone replacement therapy Breast Augmentation Chemical peels Hair Restoration Services Gene therapy Predictive medicine Proteomics Genomics Botox Anti-Pigmentation Therapy Rejuvenation and dermal filler Liposuction Telomere based therapy Abdominoplasty Sclerotherapy Injectable skin Electrosurgery Disease and conditions Covered: Bone and Joint Conditions Respiratory Disorders Cardiovascular Disorders Urinary Incontinence Endocrine Disorders Sexual Dysfunction Eye Disorders Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184771 Demographics Covered: Generation X Baby boomers Generation Y Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe GermanyFrance Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184771 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAnti Aging Products and Therapies Market, Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Demand, Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Share, Anti-Aging Products and Therapies Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Roof Bars Market: Global Industry Trend Analysis 2012 to 2017 and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Next PostNext Circuit Protection Industry Analysis, Statistics, Trends and Forecast Report by 2024 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Veterinary Healthcare Market Analysis and Forecast 2022 by Products, Diagnostics and Region According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Veterinary Healthcare market is accounted for $24.34 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $40.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.6% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as food safety and improved nutrition, increase in pet ownership, increasing awareness of zoonotic diseases and increasing animal population are driving the market. However, increasing cost of animal testing, increased competition for cultivated land restrictions established by regulatory bodies will challenge the veterinary market. Feed additives held the largest share among the products segment followed by pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Europe is the leading market in veterinary healthcare followed by North America. Asia-pacific and other developing regions will be the major contributors to the market. Some of the key players in global Veterinary Healthcare market are Merck & Co., Inc, MERIAL Limited, Zoetis Inc, Novartis Animal Health Inc, Bayer HealthCare, Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac SA, Elanco Products Company, Vétoquinol SA , Sanofi-Aventis, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Heska Corporation, PetAg Incorporated and Procter & Gamble Company. Browse a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/veterinary-healthcare-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Animals Covered: Farm animals Cattle Swine Fish Sheep Poultry Companion animals Dogs Cats Horses Products Covered: Vaccines Feed Additives Nutritional Feed Additives Medicinal Feed Additives Pharmaceuticals Systemic Agents Parasiticides Antibiotics Other Pharmaceuticals Diagnostics Covered: Immunodiagnostics Molecular diagnostics Diagnostic imaging Clinical chemistry Other diagnostics Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184829 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184829 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsVeterinary Healthcare Market, Veterinary Healthcare Market Demand, Veterinary Healthcare Market share, Veterinary Healthcare Market size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Cryocooler Market Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2022 Next PostNext Global Mobile Photo Printer Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast,2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts DroneDeploy Partners with DJI to Bring Complete Drone Mapping Solution to Construction Digerati Technologies to Acquire T3 Communications, Inc. Kornit Digital Reports 2017 First Quarter Results Ten Companies Lead in Responding to Radical Market Change and Reinventing Themselves for a Different Future, According to New Analysis of Public Company Data Outsell Exceeds Sales Goals in Q1 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Proteins in Oncology Market Projected to Gain Significant Value by 2023 Global Protein in Oncology Market Oncology is the branch of medical science dealing with cancer research and treatment. There are several research facilities and universities identifying unique proteins in oncology for developing diagnostics. Several studies are underway to discover new proteins that play a role in cancer. Currently there are a number of companies and/or their collaborators engaged in developing several protein drugs in cancer. Surgical treatments and radiation therapy, though effective at treating primary tumors, are not found to be successful in detecting metastatic tumor cells and those flowing in the bloodstream, making treatment of these cancer cells very difficult. Cancer is one of the largest causes of death worldwide and finding leads to cure or control the disease is one of the primary goals of governments globally. This report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Proteins in Oncology Market. Browse to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/proteins-oncology-mark… Global Protein in Oncology Market: Segmentation The global proteins in oncology market has been segmented based on protein type and geography. Protein types include recombinant non-glycosylated proteins, recombinant glycosylated proteins and recombinant peptides. Geographically, North America and Europe lead the global proteins in oncology market thanks to the very stringent regulatory environment for clearing the products. Asia-Pacific countries such as China and India are estimated to be the fastest-growing markets. South Korea and Brazil are also poised to register high growth in the coming years due to boost in biosimilars market. The services that can be provided in the global proteins in oncology market include contract research organizations and contract manufacturing organizations. Global Protein in Oncology Market: Drivers and Restraints Worldwide increase in the prevalence of cancer and the rising awareness of the therapeutic and commercial opportunities offered by new oncology treatments have provided a major incentive for the pharmaceutical industry to pursue the development of new agents for the treatment of cancer. Proteins or peptide drugs are usually required to be administered only by injection due to their large and labile nature. Peptide drugs are used effectively in monitoring various tumors and related therapies. They selectively are known to bind responsive versus unresponsive tumors. Therefore, this advantage associated with the use of peptides assists their use in assessing tumor response and evaluating its effectiveness in cancer therapy. The main challenge for the newer generation of recombinant drugs seems to be the new route of administration, new formulations and consequently even higher efficiency and safety. Though the parenteral route of administration is the most common, there are advances being made to deliver medicines through the oral route, which is considered to be the most preferred one due to better patient compliance. Recently new research has demonstrated that attaching a cancer killer protein to white blood cells annihilates metastasis. Isolation of a protein named as TRAIL by researchers at Cornell University in the U.S. demonstrated killing of cancer cells on contact. The TRAIL protein is binded with leukocytes (white blood cells) that are present across the bloodstream. The cancer cell is essentially known to kill itself when it comes in contact with TRAIL protein. The mechanism has been surprising and unexpectedly effective as compared to targeting the cancer cells with liposomes. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Proteins in Oncology Market by 2023: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Global Protein in Oncology Market: Competitive Landscape Analysis The key players contributing to the global proteins in oncology market include Actavis, Inc., Biocon Ltd., Celltrion, Inc., Dr. Reddys Laboratories Ltd., Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Hospira, Inc., Merck, Mylan, Inc., Roche Holding Ltd., Sandoz, Teva Pharmaceuticals and Wockhardt Ltd. Expansion of product portfolio enables these companies to gain a competitive advantage over other players in the market. Strengthening of market position by extensive investments in research and development is also one of the business strategies undertaken by the key players. A lot of research is still to be carried out in the protein recombinant drugs in oncology market which will come along with years of efforts and high risk. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blood Preparation Market to Develop Rapidly by 2024 Next PostNext Global Glycolic Acid Market Analysis, Segmentation, Competitors Analysis, Product Research, Trends and Forecast by 2024 Search Recent Posts Global Smart Cloud TV Market Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2022- Market Research Report Wine Cooler Market Analysis, Growth opportunities, Demand and Forecast 2022 with Major Players 2017 to 2022 GLOBAL Oil Absorbing Sheets Market Research Analysis Report Physical Security Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 North America Electric Brake Booste Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Medical Home Life Sciences Home Search Medical Home Life Sciences Home About News Health A-Z Drugs Medical Devices Thought Leaders Insights Newsletters More... MediKnowledge Series Health & Personal Care White Papers Twitter Channels Contact Meet the Team Advertise Search Medical Home Life Sciences Home About News Life Sciences A-Z White Papers Lab Instruments & Equipment Contact More... Thought Leaders Insights Newsletters Twitter Channels Meet the Team Advertise Search Newsletters MediKnowledge Health & Personal Care White Papers Twitter Channels Contact Meet the Team Advertise Search Contact Thought Leaders Insights Newsletters Twitter Channels Meet the Team Advertise Search Menu Three TSRI scientists receive awards from Royal Society of Chemistry Download PDF Copy May 10, 2017 Three chemists from The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI)- Dale Boger, Jin-Quan Yu and Phil Baran- have received awards from the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC), a renowned professional organization for chemists based in the United Kingdom, with more than 54,000 members worldwide. Dale Boger, co-chair of the Department of Chemistry at TSRI, was awarded the 2017 Robert Robinson Award of the RSC's Organic Division. The award honors his groundbreaking studies in natural product synthesis, which could lead to new therapeutic treatments for challenging clinical needs. "I am very honored and humbled to receive the RSC Robert Robinson Award, which has such a distinguished list of prior award winners," Boger said. Jin-Quan Yu, Frank and Bertha Hupp Professor of Chemistry at TSRI, received the 2017 Pedler Award from the RSC's Organic Division in recognition of his development of pioneering methods of C-H activation, a technique in chemistry that can lead to new pharmaceuticals and other natural products. "I hope these new reactions will accelerate the discovery and synthesis of useful molecules, especially medicines," said Yu, who received his Ph.D. in the U.K. at the University of Cambridge and served as a Royal Society fellow. "It gives me a warm feeling to be recognized by the U.K. scientific community that I was part of for 10 years." Phil Baran, the Darlene Shiley Professor of Chemistry at TSRI, received the RSC's 2017 Merck, Sharp & Dohme Award, which honors contributions to any area of organic chemistry from a researcher under the age of 45. Baran's work focuses on developing new chemical reactions and methodologies for more efficient and economically viable routes in drug design. Baran credited his lab members for his success so far. "This award is a recognition of the students and postdoctoral scholars who work tirelessly to invent useful chemistry," Baran said. In addition to £2,000 and a medal, all three awards include a lecture tour in the U.K. Source: http://www.scripps.edu/news/press/2017/20170509rscawards.html 631ad876-2d3e-4d64-a418-a41351acc80c|0|.0 Posted in: Healthcare News | Pharmaceutical News Tags: Arthritis, Cancer, Hemophilia, Rheumatoid Arthritis Comments (0) Download PDF Copy Prior News Most Philadelphia home kitchens contain at least one foodborne pathogen, study finds Next News Scientists aim to revolutionize asthma treatment by replacing inhalers with new drug Read in: EnglishEspañolFrançaisDeutschPortuguêsItaliano日本語한국어简体中文繁體中文NederlandsРусскийSvenskaPolski Comments The opinions expressed here are the views of the writer and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions of News-Medical.Net. Cancel reply to comment Post a new comment Login     (Logout) Post Advertisement Trending Stories Latest Interviews Top Health Articles Outdated health myths practiced by grand parents could pose serious risks to young children Survey: One in three American adults could have experienced sign of warning stroke Paternal age at conception may affect social skills of children, study suggests Stroke prevention strategy may reduce incidence of dementia among older adults Research in people with IBS shows link between gut microbiota and brain regions How does acne affect self-confidence? Dr. Anjali Mahto Three in five teenagers surveyed by the British Skin Foundation reported ‘a fall in self-confidence’ as the biggest impact that acne has on their lives. From my experience as a dermatologist I find that those with acne can often feel unsupported, socially isolated and become withdrawn. Advancing safety in healthcare products Joanne Waldstreicher, M.D True benefit from healthcare products requires an unrelenting focus on patient- and consumer-centered safety, a principle that is at the heart of J&J’s Credo and is embodied in the mission of the Office of the Chief Medical Officer (OCMO). Healthcare cuts linked to spike in mortality in England and Wales? Professor Martin McKee and Dr Lucinda Hiam Deaths in 2015 increased by 5.6% compared to 2014, with 28,231 more deaths recorded. This is the biggest percentage increase for over 50 years, and third biggest since WWII. Fast 5:2 Diet Evidence Probiotics and IBS What Causes Conjunctivitis? Strategies to Improve Cataract Surgery Outcomes Condoms - Advantages and Disadvantages Latest News Research illuminates how primary colorectal tumors contribute to premetastatic 'niche' formation Smiling can make people look two years older, study shows Natural compound in grape seed extract could increase strength, life of composite-resin fillings Two widely used drugs show effectiveness in treating patients with CRVO-associated macular edema Scientists aim to revolutionize asthma treatment by replacing inhalers with new drug Newsletters you may be interested in Alzheimer's Disease (Subscribe or Preview) Parkinson's Disease (Subscribe or Preview) Prostate Cancer (Subscribe or Preview) See all Newsletters » Medical Links Medical Home News Health A-Z Thought Leaders Insights MediKnowledge Series Health & Personal Care Medical Devices Drugs Life Sciences Links Life Sciences Home News Lab Instruments & Equipment Life Sciences A-Z White Papers Other Useful Links About Meet the Team Search Newsletters Twitter Channels Advertise Contact Facebook Twitter Google Plus News-Medical.Net provides this medical information service in accordance with these terms and conditions. Please note that medical information found on this website is designed to support, not to replace the relationship between patient and physician/doctor and the medical advice they may provide. This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here. News-Medical.net - An AZoNetwork Site Owned and operated by AZoNetwork, © 2000-2017 This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more. x
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Growth Analysis & Projections Forecast to 2024 Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Overview Tropical spastic paraparesis (TSP) also called as HTLV-1–associated myelopathy (HAM) is a type of tropical myeloneuropathies caused by the human T-lymphotrophic virus 1 (HTLV-1). Although initially described in tropical countries, TSP has also been found in temperate regions such as southern Japan. HTLV-1 virus belongs to the Retroviridae family, and preferentially infects CD4 lymphoid cells. The virus has been known to cause certain kinds of leukemia and lymphoma and is transmitted through exposure to infected blood, sexual contact, and use of illegal intravenous drugs. As the virus is also known to spread through breast milk, mothers infected with HTLV-1 virus must avoid breast feeding. This report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market. Browse to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tropical-spastic-parap… According to an article published in the journal Frontiers in Microbiology in 2012, the HTLV-1 virus is prevalent in certain regions including the Southwestern part of Japan, sub-Saharan Africa and South America, the Caribbean area, and certain areas of Middle East and Australo-Melanesia. The study also estimates that 5 million to 10 million individuals have been affected globally with HTLV1 virus, however various other publications estimate the global prevalence of 10 million to 20 million. HTLV-1-associated myelopathy mostly affects the spinal cord, and results in an upper motor neurone syndrome, that usually affects lower limbs. Spastic paraparesis or paraplegia is the main characteristic of the infection. Tropical spastic paraparesis results in demyelination, inflammation and necrotic lesions in spinal cord. The progressive disease is associated with degeneration of neurons in the spinal cord, and results in gradual paralysis of the lower limbs. Other rare symptoms include optic atrophy, reduced ankle reflex and cranial nerve lesions. An article published in journal Revue Neurologique in 2012, more than 90% of the tropical spastic paraparesis cases, the neurological features involved urinary bladder disturbance, spasticity and/or hyperreflexia of the lower extremities, and lower extremity muscle weakness. Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Product and Treatment Landscape Various immunoassay kits are available for diagnosis of HTLV-1 virus. Companies manufacturing such diagnostic kits include MP Biomedicals LLC, Fujirebio, Inc., Quest Diagnostics, DiaSorin S.p.A. Although the disease cannot be cured completely, medications are available for management of symptoms. Corticosteroids such as methylprednisolone are prescribed to decrease the inflammation of the spinal cord, while pain is treated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications. Symptoms of urinary dysfunction can be treated by prescribing darifenacin, oxybutynin, tamsulosin, terazosin, and other drugs which reduce the activity of bladder muscles. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) is currently conducting phase I clinical trials for Hu MiK-Beta-1. The investigational drug is monoclonal antibody directed toward IL-2/IL-15R-Beta Subunit which blocks IL-15 action. Washington University School of Medicine in association with Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. is also conducting phase II trials for Raltegravir. Various other institutes are also conducting research programs for discovering new and effective treatment options for Tropical spastic paraparesis. Scientists have also tried antiretroviral agents for treatment of HTLV-1 infections. Gradual progress in the research activities is expected to launch more treatment drugs and expand the market in the future. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market by 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Due to low and restricted geographical prevalence of the disease, the market for tropical spastic paraparesis is small. Government initiative for increasing awareness of the disease and its available treatment may curb the spread of infections. Lack of sufficient information on geographical prevalence, and epidemiology has restricted the research activities. These factors will also be responsible for a slower global market growth. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TGS and PGS Continue to Build Multi-client Library Offshore Eastern Canada Next PostNext LHV Groupi 2017. aasta aprilli tulemused Search Recent Posts Orbis Research: World Diagnostic ECG Industry Trends, Growth (2017-2021) Forecast Industry Growth Opportunities In Global Implantable Ports Market Delivered In Latest Report 2021 Latest News: World gross product of Dental Hand Tools Industry is forecast to expand by 2.7 per cent in 2017 and 2.9 per cent in 2018 Insulin Injection Pen Market Analysis by regions (United States, EU, China, India and Japan) Clinical Mobility Aids Market: Emerging Key Players, Investment Feasibility And Future Projection 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Flea & Tick Products Market to Expand Rapidly Due to Increasing Number of Pet-Owning Households and Rising Disposable Income of the Population Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — The global market for flea and tick products is estimated to register a significant growth rate in the coming years due to rising count of indulgent pet parents, increasing number of pets and swelling demand for premium pet products and services. This rapidly expanding global market for flea & tick products is the focus of a new market intelligence report added to the vast online repository of Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE). This market report is titled as „Flea & Tick Products Market -Global Industry Analysis, Size, Growth, Share, Trends and Forecast 2016–2024″. The report identifies risks and opportunities in the market and highlights updates as well as in-depth insights regarding various segments and sub-segments of the global flea & tick products market. Request for Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/1850 This report is a collection of first-hand data, in-depth study by industry researchers, inputs from industry insiders and industry participants across the value chain of the industry. It provides a detailed analysis of market trends, micro- & macro-economic indicators and governing aspects, along with market attractiveness analysis for different segments of the industry. The report has been prepared through comprehensive primary and secondary research. Market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, challenges and opportunities faced by the market participants are examined in detail within the scope of the report. As per the key findings of the report, the global market for flea and tick products is likely to record an impressive growth rate within the next few years. Increasing number of pet-owning households and rising disposable income of the population are expected to drive the growth of this market. A comprehensive view of the global flea & tick products market is provided by segregating the market on the basis of type, application and geographical region. Geographically, the major regions studied in the report are North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and Middle East and Africa. Among these regions, North America holds the largest market share, followed by Europe. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/flea-tick-products-market Some of the key players operating in the global market are Intervet Inc., Virbac Animal Health Inc., Farnam, Sergeant’s Pet Care Products Inc., Wellmark International Inc., Hartz Pet Products & Supplies, Bayer Healthcare LLC, Phaeton Corporation, Ecto Development Corporation, Merial Limited, Pet Logic LLC, Novartis Animal Health, Andrew M Martin Co. NV. Inc., Ceva Animal Health LLC. and LoradoChem Inc About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: 518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Follow Us on LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Follow Us On Twitter-https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Cooper Companies to Present at Jefferies Healthcare Conference Next PostNext Coupa Software to Report First Quarter Financial Results on June 5, 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Battery Cables Market Trends, Demand And Competition 2017 Marriot International attracts the attention of call buyers American Campus Communities Enters Oversold Territory Exelon Enters Oversold Territory CBL &amp; Associates Properties is Oversold RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pharmerging Global Market Industry Analysis Research Reports and Forecast 2016-2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) announces the addition of a new report titled „Pharmerging Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024”. This report on pharmerging market studies the current as well as future prospects of the market globally. The stakeholders of this report include companies and intermediaries engaged in the manufacture and commercialization of various pharmaceutical products as well as new entrants planning to enter this market.  Request For Sample Report@ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2888 The market overview section of the report explores the market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, and opportunities that currently have a strong impact on the global pharmerging market and could influence the market in the near future. Market attractiveness analysis has been provided in all the sections of the report in order to explain the intensity of competition in the market across different products/materials/technologies/end-users/geographies. The competitive scenario among different market players is evaluated through market share analysis in the competition landscape section of the report. The section also includes competition matrix that analyzes the competition among some of the top global players operating in the market. All these factors would help market players to take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and expand their shares in the global market. Global Pharmerging Market: Segmentation The global pharmerging market is divided into: by product, by economic growth levels, by distribution channel and by geography. Product type segment of pharmerging market was divided into Pharmaceuticals (Branded Prescription Drugs, Generic Drugs (Branded Generics, Unbranded Generics), and OTC Drugs) and Healthcare (Medical Devices, and Diagnostic Instruments, Others (IT and record management)). On the basis of Economic Growth Levels the market was divided as – Tier – 1, Tier – 2 and Tier – 3). On the basis of distribution channel the pharmerging market is divided as hospitals, clinics, retail pharmacies, e-commerce, and drug stores. The market for these segments has been extensively analyzed based on their utility, effectiveness, sales, and geographic presence. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn and market volume in terms of units for the period from 2016 to 2024 along with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2016 to 2024 are provided for all segments, considering 2016 as the base year. Make an Enquiry@ http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2888 Geographically, the pharmerging market has been segmented into five regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East & Africa (MEA), and Latin America. Each regional market for pharmerging market has been further categorized into major product, applications, material, and end-user segments considered within the scope of the study. Key country (U.S., Canada, Japan, Germany, France, U.K., Australia, Canada, China, Brazil, Mexico, India, etc.) market revenues have also been provided in different regional sections within the report. Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn and volume in terms of units for the period from 2014 to 2025 along with CAGR % from 2016 to 2025 are provided for all the regions and nations considering 2016 as the base year. Companies Mentioned in the Research Report The report profiles key manufacturers in the pharmerging market based on various attributes such as company details, SWOT analysis, strategic overview, financials, and business overview. Major players profiled in this report include Abbott Laboratories, Koninklijke Philips N.V., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Johnson & Johnson, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., AstraZeneca, GlaxoSmithKline plc., LUPIN, Tata Consultancy Services Limited, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Huadong Medicine Co., Ltd., etc. Browse Full Report With TOC@ http://www.mrrse.com/pharmerging-market The global pharmerging Market has been segmented as follows: By Product Type Pharmaceuticals Branded Prescription Drugs Generic Drugs Branded Generics Unbranded Generics OTC Drugs Healthcare Medical Devices Diagnostic Instruments Others (IT and record management) By Indications Lifestyle Diseases Cancer and autoimmune diseases Infectious Diseases Others By Distribution Channel Hospitals Clinics Retail Pharmacies E-commerce Drug Stores By Region Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Middle East and Africa About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: 518-730-0559 Website: http://www.mrrse.com/ Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Spirit Airline’s passenger brawl, labor dispute deliver punch to reputation Next PostNext Metropolitan Takes Region Off Water Alert, but Maintains Call for Voluntary Water Saving Search Recent Posts North America to Contribute Over 35% to the Global IoT Chip Market by 2023 By P&S Market Research North America to Contribute Over 35% to the Global IoT Chip Market by 2023 By P&S Market Research Family Ghost Story WAIT TILL HELEN COMES out on DVD in Stores and Online Retailers Family Ghost Story WAIT TILL HELEN COMES out on DVD in Stores and Online Retailers Johnston’s Quality Flowers Introduces Special Floral Arrangements for Mother’s Day RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Oral Cancer Treatment Market Trend, Overview, Segment, Key Players, Key Findings and Worldwide Forecast to 2022 Oral Cancer Treatment Market Information, by Types (Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Verrucous Carcinoma, Minor Salivary Gland Carcinomas, Lymphomas and Others PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 9, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Oral Cancer Treatment Market Information, by Types (Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Verrucous Carcinoma, Minor Salivary Gland Carcinomas, Lymphomas and Others), by Drugs (Cisplatin, Carboplatin, 5-Fluorouracil, Paclitaxel, Docetaxel and Others) – Forecast to 2022 The Globally Market for Oral Cancer Treatment is one of the steady growing markets. The factors that influence the growth of the oral cancer treatment market include increasing consumption of tobacco, smoking, excessive consumption of alcohol and many others. Oral cancer treatment market has been segmented on the basis of type which comprises of squamous cell carcinoma, verrucous carcinoma, minor salivary gland carcinomas, lymphomas and others. On the basis of drugs, market is segmented into Cisplatin, Carboplatin, 5-fluorouracil, Paclitaxel, Docetaxel and others Get a sample report at https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1820 . Study objectives of the Market: • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 7 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the oral cancer treatment market • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth • To analyze the market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to the main geography and various regions globally. • To provide regional level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective • To provide regional level analysis of the market for segments by type, by drugs and its sub-segments. • To provide overview of key players and their strategic profiling in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the global oral cancer treatment market. Browse complete report at https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/oral-cancer-treatment-market . Key Players for Oral Cancer Treatment Market: • Bristol Myers Squibb • Pharma Laboratories Inc • Qilu Pharmaceutical Co.Limited • TEVA • Eli Lilly And Company • Engeneic Ltd • F. Hoffmann-la Roche AG • Merck & Co., Inc. • Novartis • Pfizer Inc. The report for Oral Cancer Treatment Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different markets segments and regions. Request for discount at https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/1820 1 Introduction 1.1 Definition 1.2 Scope of Study 1.3 Research Objective 1.4 Assumptions & Limitations 1.4.1 Assumptions 1.4.2 Limitations 2 Research Methodology 2.1 Research Process 2.2 Primary Research 2.3 Secondary Research 3 Market Dynamics 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Growth Drivers 3.3 Growth Barriers 3.4 Opportunities 4 Porters Five Forces Analysis 4.1 Bargaining Power of Suppliers 4.2 Bargaining Power of Buyers 4.3 Threat of New Entrants 4.4 Threat of Substitutes 4.5 Intensity of Rivalry 5 Demand & Supply – Gap Analysis 6 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market, By Type 6.1 Introduction 6.1.1 Squamous cell carcinoma 6.1.2 Verrucous carcinoma 6.1.3 Minor salivary gland carcinomas 6.1.4 Lymphomas 6.1.5 Others 7 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market, By Drugs 7.1 Introduction 7.1.1 Cisplatin 7.1.2 Carboplatin 7.1.3 5-fluorouracil 7.1.4 Paclitaxel 7.1.5 Docetaxel 7.1.7 Others 8 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market, By Region 8.1 Introduction 8.2 Americas 8.2.1 North America 8.2.2 Central America 8.2.3 South America 8.3 Europe 8.3.1 Western Europe 8.3.2 Eastern Europe 8.4 Asia-Pacific 8.5 Middle East & Africa 9 Competitive Landscape 9.1 Market share analysis 10 Company Profiles 10.1 Bristol Myers Squibb 10.1.1 Overview 10.1.2 Product Overview 10.1.3 Financials 10.1.4 Key Developments 10.2 Pharma Laboratories Inc 10.2.1 Overview 10.2.2 Product Overview 10.2.3 Financials 10.2.4 Key Developments 10.3 Qilu Pharmaceutical Co., Limited 10.3.1 Overview 10.3.2 Product Overview 10.3.3 Financials 10.3.4 Key Developments 10.4 TEVA 10.4.1 Overview 10.4.2 Product Overview 10.4.3 Financials 10.4.4 Key Developments 10.5 Eli Lilly And Company 10.5.1 Overview 10.5.2 Product Overview 10.5.3 Financials 10.5.4 Key Developments 10.6 Engeneic Ltd 10.6.1 Overview 10.6.2 Product Overview 10.6.3 Financials 10.6.4 Key Developments 10.7 F. Hoffmann-la Roche AG 10.7.1 Company overview 10.7.2 Product overview 10.7.3 Financial overview 10.7.4 Key developments 10.8 Merck & Co., Inc 10.8.1 Company Overview 10.8.2 Product Overview 10.8.3 Financial Overview 10.8.4 Key Developments 10.10 Novartis 10.10.1 Company Overview 10.10.2 Product Overview 10.10.3 Financial overview 10.10.4 Key Developments 10.10 Pfizer Inc 10.10.1 Company Overview 10.10.3 Financial overview 10.11 Others List of Tables TABLE 1 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market, By Type, 2013-2022 (USD Million) TABLE 2 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market, By Drug, 2013-2022 (USD Million) TABLE 3 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market, By Region, 2013-2022 (USD Million) List of Figures FIGURE 1 Research Process FIGURE 2 Porters Five Forces Model FIGURE 3 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market, By Type FIGURE 4 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market, By Drug FIGURE 5 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market, By Region FIGURE 6 Global Oral Cancer Treatment Market: Company Share Analysis, 2015 (%) Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Natural Food Color Ingredient Market Is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 7.80% by 2022 Next PostNext LED Indoor Lighting Market 2017 – Philips, Osram, Cree, GE Lighting, MaxLite, Hugewin, Gemcore Search Recent Posts Microsoft Releases May 2017 Security Updates May 9, 2017 – Boulder Launches Second Round of Boulder Energy Challenge to Stimulate Innovation Flooding closes several roads and campgrounds at wildlife areas in Okanogan County Calcium theophylline Market 2022; Competitive Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application Sodium theophylline Market Outlook and Opportunities in Grooming Regions; Edition 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Sanofi pegs U.S. drug price rises to below healthcare inflation Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Tue May 9, 2017 | 4:43pm EDT Sanofi pegs U.S. drug price rises to below healthcare inflation By Ben Hirschler French drugmaker Sanofi has pledged to peg U.S. drug price rises to below healthcare inflation in a move that limits increases for any product this year to 5.4 percent, unless there are exceptional circumstances. The price promise goes one step beyond action taken by a number of other large pharmaceutical companies that have undertaken to keep 2017 price increases below 10 percent. Drugmakers are under fire worldwide over prices as a wave of new treatments for cancer and other serious conditions reach the market, some costing tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars per patient. The row is particularly fierce in the United States, where prices are higher than in Europe and where there have been highly publicised increases in some older products, such as Mylan's EpiPen for allergic reactions. The complex U.S. supply chain has led to a blame game between drugmakers, health insurers and intermediaries known as pharmacy benefit managers. "This complexity is undermining the reputation of an entire industry whose purpose is to make a positive change in patients’ lives," Sanofi Chief Executive Olivier Brandicourt said. Sanofi will take as its pricing benchmark the national health expenditures (NHE) growth projection, which is calculated by the Department of Health and Human Services and covers spending by all U.S. payers, including individuals. "By limiting our price increases to the NHE growth projection, we ensure that Sanofi is not contributing to further medical inflation," Brandicourt said. This would cap price increases for any product to 5.4 percent in 2017, but Sanofi said there might be times when there was a "sound reason" for a higher increase, in which case it promised to demonstrate publicly the rationale for such a rise. Sanofi said it would disclose the gross and net prices for its medicines in future, adding that in 2016 its average aggregate list prices increased by 4.0 percent but net prices fell by 2.1 percent. Other companies, including Merck & Co and Johnson & Johnson, have also released gross and net prices. But the picture is particularly stark for Sanofi, which is being hit hard by competition in its core diabetes treatment business. The competition is driving down its prices, notably for its long-lasting insulin Lantus. Responding to criticism about high drug prices, other firms such as AbbVie, Allergan, Novo Nordisk and Takeda Pharmaceutical have promised to keep all drug price increases in 2017 in single digits. Sanofi believes pegging prices to an independent measure like the NHE is more objective and less arbitrary than such a single-digit promise. The NHE is currently projected to increase by an average 5.6 percent annually between now and 2025. NHE inflation has generally hovered around the mid-single digits level, with the increase hitting a historic low of 2.9 percent in 2013. In the past, Sanofi has received mixed reviews for its drug pricing. The company surprised many investors in March when it set a lower-than-expected price for its new injectable eczema drug Dupixent, developed with long-time partner Regeneron Pharmaceuticals. But it has been accused by a group of patients of colluding with rivals over diabetes drug prices going back several years. Sanofi denies the charge. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News Strippers sue Colorado nightclub in labor dispute DENVER Four former exotic dancers at a Denver-area strip club sued the bar’s owner on Tuesday, claiming that instead of being paid an hourly wage they were instead charged fees to perform and made to work for tips that they had to share with other workers. U.S. senators on defensive over all-male healthcare panel WASHINGTON Barely two days into crafting a new bill to roll back Obamacare, U.S. Senate Republicans were already on the defensive on Tuesday over the absence of any women in their core working group. U.S. regulator's 'throttling' lawsuit against AT&T to be reheard -court WASHINGTON U.S. government claims that AT&T Mobility illegally slowed down or "throttled" data sent to wireless devices will be reheard, a U.S. appeals court in California said on Tuesday after it dismissed the case last year. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Chevron, Merck Sink DJIA on Tuesday By Paul Ausick May 9, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet May 9, 2017: Markets opened higher Tuesday but only the Nasdaq composite traded in the green for the whole day. Consumer discretionary, industrial, and tech stocks traded higher while energy stocks and utilities lagged. The U.S. EIA’s Short-Term Energy Outlook forecast U.S. crude production at near 10 million barrels this year, which took the wind out of the price of crude. WTI crude oil for June delivery settled at $45.88 a barrel, down 1.2% on the day. June gold dropped 0.9% for the day to settle at $1,216.10. Equities were headed for a mixed close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.24% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.20%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.14%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Tuesday was Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) which traded down 1.58% at $105.00. The stock’s 52-week range is $97.53 to $119.00. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 6.4 million shares. The company had no specific news, but low oil prices are a real anchor. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded down 1.31% at $63.17. The stock’s 52-week range is $53.59 to $66.80. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 9 million shares. The pharmaceuticals maker had no specific news Tuesday. Cisco Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO) traded down 1.21% at $33.88. The stock’s 52-week range is $26.41 to $34.60. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 19 million shares. The company was downgraded at BMO Capital this morning. E.I. du Pont de Nemours Inc. (NYSE: DD) traded down 1.17% at $79.32. The stock’s 52-week range is $61.12 to $82.37. Volume was about 50% below the daily average of around 3 million. The company had no specific news. Of the Dow stocks, 12 are on track to close higher Tuesday and 18 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Healthiest County in Every State Pandora, Hertz Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 11 Medical Conditions Aspirin Can Treat America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States America's 25 Thriving Industries 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America 9 Ways to Deal With Robocalls Recent Why Yelp Is Getting Crushed Disney Earnings Aren’t Enough For Investors Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Pandora, Hertz Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Nuance Keeps Seeing Demand Rise TripAdvisor Jump-Starts Sales Growth Despite Weaker Net Income Why Tesla, Inc. Stock Surged 12.9% in April June WTI oil at $46.27/bbl, up from $45.88 Nymex settlement WTI oil edges up in electronic trade; sources say API data show US crude supply drop Nvidia reports earnings of 79 cents a share on revenue of $1.94 billion, beating estimates What Are We Waiting For? New Strong Buy Stocks At 52-Week Highs Today What to Do Before the Machines Take Over Toyota's Fiscal-Year Net Profit Falls 20% Sean Spicer: Democrats Should Agree with the Decision to Fire Comey Amazon Trounces Rivals in Battle of the Shopping 'Bots' Why You Should Be Cautious About The 23-Karat Gold Face Cream At Sephora Australian Senator Becomes First To Breastfeed On Parliament Floor Fyre Festival Apparently Tried To Silence Critics With Cease And Desist Letters Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Physics All Journal News Quantum Mechanics Infectious Diseases Healthcare Public Health Patient Safety Technology Drug Resistance Nursing U.S. Politics National Infrastructure European Union News Cybersecurity Tornadoes International Law Influenza Floods Hurricanes Zika Virus  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Expert Directory Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions American Medical Society for Sports Medicine (AMSSM) Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee St. Jude Children's Research Hospital University of Illinois at Chicago DePaul University College of American Pathologists (CAP) Wildlife Conservation Society About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   < Previous Article Return to Article List Next Article > Three San Diego Researchers Honored by Royal Society of Chemistry Article ID: 674399 Released: 9-May-2017 1:05 PM EDT Source Newsroom: Scripps Research Institute Add to Favorites more news from this source Share MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CHANNELS Biotech, Chemistry, Local - California KEYWORDS Chemistry, Award, San Diego, La Jolla, Drug Design, Medicinal Chemistry, Synthetic Chemistry, Organic Chemistry + Show More Newswise — LA JOLLA, CA – May 9, 2017 – Three chemists from The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI)—Dale Boger, Jin-Quan Yu and Phil Baran—have received awards from the Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC), a renowned professional organization for chemists based in the United Kingdom, with more than 54,000 members worldwide. Dale Boger, co-chair of the Department of Chemistry at TSRI, was awarded the 2017 Robert Robinson Award of the RSC’s Organic Division. The award honors his groundbreaking studies in natural product synthesis, which could lead to new therapeutic treatments for challenging clinical needs. “I am very honored and humbled to receive the RSC Robert Robinson Award, which has such a distinguished list of prior award winners,” Boger said. Jin-Quan Yu, Frank and Bertha Hupp Professor of Chemistry at TSRI, received the 2017 Pedler Award from the RSC’s Organic Division in recognition of his development of pioneering methods of C-H activation, a technique in chemistry that can lead to new pharmaceuticals and other natural products. “I hope these new reactions will accelerate the discovery and synthesis of useful molecules, especially medicines,” said Yu, who received his Ph.D. in the U.K. at the University of Cambridge and served as a Royal Society fellow. “It gives me a warm feeling to be recognized by the U.K. scientific community that I was part of for 10 years.” Phil Baran, the Darlene Shiley Professor of Chemistry at TSRI, received the RSC’s 2017 Merck, Sharp & Dohme Award, which honors contributions to any area of organic chemistry from a researcher under the age of 45. Baran’s work focuses on developing new chemical reactions and methodologies for more efficient and economically viable routes in drug design. Baran credited his lab members for his success so far. “This award is a recognition of the students and postdoctoral scholars who work tirelessly to invent useful chemistry,” Baran said. In addition to £2,000 and a medal, all three awards include a lecture tour in the U.K.  About The Scripps Research Institute The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) is one of the world's largest independent, not-for-profit organizations focusing on research in the biomedical sciences. TSRI is internationally recognized for its contributions to science and health, including its role in laying the foundation for new treatments for cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, hemophilia, and other diseases. An institution that evolved from the Scripps Metabolic Clinic founded by philanthropist Ellen Browning Scripps in 1924, the institute now employs more than 2,500 people on its campuses in La Jolla, CA, and Jupiter, FL, where its renowned scientists—including two Nobel laureates and 20 members of the National Academies of Science, Engineering or Medicine—work toward their next discoveries. The institute's graduate program, which awards PhD degrees in biology and chemistry, ranks among the top ten of its kind in the nation. In October 2016, TSRI announced a strategic affiliation with the California Institute for Biomedical Research (Calibr), representing a renewed commitment to the discovery and development of new medicines to address unmet medical needs. For more information, see www.scripps.edu. Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2017 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 1.3848 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
Business Biotech A third of drugs got extra safety warnings after they were already on the market Drug safety Pixabay One-third of drugs received extra safety warnings after reaching the market. One-third of drugs received extra safety warnings after reaching the market. (Pixabay) Bradley J. FikesContact Reporter Nearly a third of drugs cleared for sale in the U.S. between 2001 and 2010 posed safety risks that were identified only after their approval, according to a study published Tuesday. The results underscore a continuing need to monitor medications for safety problems even years after FDA approval, according to the report in the Journal of the American Medical Association. It can be found at j.mp/safetydrugs. Three of 222 drugs reviewed during that period were taken off the market for safety reasons; 61 received new warnings on the box, and the Food and Drug Administration issued 59 safety advisories. The boxed warnings are issued for major, potentially fatal risks; the advisories for less serious problems. Cardiovascular concerns caused the withdrawal of valdecoxib (Bextra), an anti-inflammatory used for arthritis; and tegaserod (Zelnorm), for irritable bowel syndrome. Risk of a dangerous brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy caused withdrawal of efalizumab (Raptiva), an immunosuppressive drug. Post-approval safety problems occurred more frequently in biotech drugs such as monoclonal antibodies, psychiatric medications, those getting accelerated approval and those approved near the regulatory deadline for action, the study found. “We seem to have decided as a society that we want drugs reviewed faster,” said lead author Dr. Joseph Ross, an associate professor of medicine and public health at Yale University. That makes it critically important “that we have a strong system in place to continually evaluate drugs and to communicate new safety concerns quickly and effectively,” he said. Cherry-picking To win FDA approval, medications must be shown to be safe and effective. But many pivotal clinical trials used for approval involve fewer than 1,000 patients with follow-up of six months or less, according to the study. Safety problems often crop up years later after therapies have been used by much larger numbers of patients. “No drug is completely safe, and during premarket evaluation, we are not going to pick up all the safety signals,” said Ross. An agency spokeswoman said that “FDA performs post-market monitoring to identify new safety information that may impact product labeling. In general, the FDA does not comment on specific studies, but evaluates them as part of the body of evidence to further our understanding about a particular issue and assist in our mission to protect public health.” The FDA requires drug makers to report adverse events they learn of to the agency. The agency also relies on voluntary reports from patients, doctors and the public to its MedWatch program. Additionally, the agency sometimes requires what are called Phase 4 trials, conducted after the three-phase approval process is completed as a condition of marketing approval. These are meant to find more information about the drug's long-term risks, benefits, the best ways to use it, or to test in different groups of patients. The results weren’t surprising, said Dr. Eric Topol, a Scripps Health cardiologist-geneticist and founder and director of the Scripps Translational Science Institute in La Jolla. Topol, who was not involved in the research, added, “the fact that it is one out of three of FDA-approved drugs is troubling.” Part of the problem, he said, is that clinical trials often cherry-pick patients likely to produce the best results. “Usually those clinical trials are relatively small, and they are not representative of the real world of patients, with multiple medical conditions and variable age, and all other things that you don’t capture in a clinical trial,” Topol said. “Clinical trials have inclusion and exclusion criteria — it’s a contrived setting. And then, when the drug is put out in the real world, with mass quantities of exposure, all of a sudden you find things that you never saw before.” Topol suggested that the FDA consider granting new drugs conditional approval, then collect safety data from every patient to see, early on, whether a problem emerges. Only after that probationary period has been passed would drug companies be allowed to do mass advertising. “We don’t have those systems, and it’s amazing, because we’re in a digital world, and they’d be very straightforward to implement,” he said. Early detection With such a precautionary system in place, health authorities could get an early handle on potential problems before large numbers of people are harmed, he said. Topol has long warned of the dangers of insufficient monitoring of drug safety problems. In a 2004 article in the New England Journal of Medicine, Topol commented on the debacle of the anti-inflammatory rofecoxib, sold as the arthritis drug Vioxx. He said that both the FDA and Merck, the maker of Vioxx, had failed their duty to safeguard public health by not examining Vioxx for potential cardiovascular problems, which forced the drug’s withdrawal in 2004. “Even though the drug was approved in 1999 on the basis of data submitted to the FDA, the data were not submitted to a peer-reviewed journal until the following year and did not appear in print until November 23, 2000, one and a half years after commercial approval had been granted,” Topol wrote. “The cardiovascular data reported in that article were incomplete, in part because of incomplete ascertainment: the design and execution of the trial had not anticipated that untoward cardiovascular events might occur.” The criticism by Topol, then at the Cleveland Clinic, created a storm of controversy. His relationship with clinic chief Toby Cosgrove deteriorated. In 2006, he moved to San Diego for his job with Scripps Health. The Washington Post contributed to this article. Caption Space station flyovers visible from San Diego this week The International Space Station currently is carrying six crew members. It's orbiting about 220 miles above Earth. The International Space Station currently is carrying six crew members. It's orbiting about 220 miles above Earth. Caption Space station flyovers visible from San Diego this week The International Space Station currently is carrying six crew members. It's orbiting about 220 miles above Earth. The International Space Station currently is carrying six crew members. It's orbiting about 220 miles above Earth. Caption UCSD's 'ghost drivers' begin testing people's reaction seemingly empty cars The “ghost drivers” wear head-to-knee upholstery suits that expose only their hands. The costumes are pulled on like a catcher’s vest. The “ghost drivers” wear head-to-knee upholstery suits that expose only their hands. The costumes are pulled on like a catcher’s vest. Caption 10 interesting facts about Mars Mars is home to one of the largest volcanoes in our solar system, Olympus Mons. (March 31, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Mars is home to one of the largest volcanoes in our solar system, Olympus Mons. (March 31, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Kids can add years to your life A recent study looked at the effects of having children on longevity. (March 31, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) A recent study looked at the effects of having children on longevity. (March 31, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption LA 90: SpaceX launches recycled rocket SpaceX successfully launched a satellite on a recycled rocket. (March 31, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) SpaceX successfully launched a satellite on a recycled rocket. (March 31, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) bradley.fikes@sduniontribune.com (619) 293-1020 UPDATES: 1:20 p.m.: This article was updated with additional details. This article was originally published at 11:50 p.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The San Diego Union-Tribune Drugs and Medicines Medical Research Food and Drug Administration Cleveland Clinic Yale University SD Almanac Most Popular Today's Paper Sports Jobs Homes Cars Contact Us 62°
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Sanofi pegs US drug price rises to below healthcare inflation Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Sanofi pegs US drug price rises to below healthcare inflation Advertisement Health Sanofi pegs US drug price rises to below healthcare inflation French drugmaker Sanofi has pledged to peg U.S. drug price rises to below healthcare inflation in a move that limits increases for any product this year to 5.4 percent, unless there are exceptional circumstances. FILE PHOTO - A logo is seen in front of the entrance at the headquarters French drugmaker Sanofi in Paris October 30, 2014. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File Photo 09 May 2017 08:55PM (Updated: 09 May 2017 10:35PM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail REUTERS: French drugmaker Sanofi has pledged to peg U.S. drug price rises to below healthcare inflation in a move that limits increases for any product this year to 5.4 percent, unless there are exceptional circumstances. The price promise goes one step beyond action taken by a number of other large pharmaceutical companies that have undertaken to keep 2017 price increases below 10 percent. Drugmakers are under fire worldwide over prices as a wave of new treatments for cancer and other serious conditions reach the market, some costing tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars per patient. The row is particularly fierce in the United States, where prices are higher than in Europe and where there have been highly publicised increases in some older products, such as Mylan's EpiPen for allergic reactions. The complex U.S. supply chain has led to a blame game between drugmakers, health insurers and intermediaries known as pharmacy benefit managers. Advertisement Advertisement "This complexity is undermining the reputation of an entire industry whose purpose is to make a positive change in patients’ lives," Sanofi Chief Executive Olivier Brandicourt said. Sanofi will take as its pricing benchmark the national health expenditures (NHE) growth projection, which is calculated by the Department of Health and Human Services and covers spending by all U.S. payers, including individuals. "By limiting our price increases to the NHE growth projection, we ensure that Sanofi is not contributing to further medical inflation," Brandicourt said. This would cap price increases for any product to 5.4 percent in 2017, but Sanofi said there might be times when there was a "sound reason" for a higher increase, in which case it promised to demonstrate publicly the rationale for such a rise. Sanofi said it would disclose the gross and net prices for its medicines in future, adding that in 2016 its average aggregate list prices increased by 4.0 percent but net prices fell by 2.1 percent. Other companies, including Merck & Co and Johnson & Johnson , have also released gross and net prices. But the picture is particularly stark for Sanofi, which is being hit hard by competition in its core diabetes treatment business. The competition is driving down its prices, notably for its long-lasting insulin Lantus. Responding to criticism about high drug prices, other firms such as AbbVie , Allergan , Novo Nordisk and Takeda Pharmaceutical have promised to keep all drug price increases in 2017 in single digits. Sanofi believes pegging prices to an independent measure like the NHE is more objective and less arbitrary than such a single-digit promise. The NHE is currently projected to increase by an average 5.6 percent annually between now and 2025. NHE inflation has generally hovered around the mid-single digits level, with the increase hitting a historic low of 2.9 percent in 2013. In the past, Sanofi has received mixed reviews for its drug pricing. The company surprised many investors in March when it set a lower-than-expected price for its new injectable eczema drug Dupixent, developed with long-time partner Regeneron Pharmaceuticals . But it has been accused by a group of patients of colluding with rivals over diabetes drug prices going back several years. Sanofi denies the charge. (Editing by Mark Potter and Edmund Blair) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Clinical Nutrition Market Forecast 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 09 May, 2017, 09:01 ET Share this article LONDON, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Infant Nutrition, Enteral Nutrition, Parenteral Nutrition The global clinical nutrition market is estimated at $41bn in 2016 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.3% from 2017-2027. The infant nutrition segment held the largest market share, with $24.1 billion in value in 2016 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% for the period 2017-2027 according to Visiongain's report How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. In this brand new 144-page report you will receive 150 charts - all unavailable elsewhere. The 144-page report provides clear detailed insight into the global clinical nutrition market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope  • Global Clinical Nutrition Market forecasts from 2017-2027 • This report also shows forecast revenue to 2027 for the leading segments and sub segments of the clinical nutrition market: Infant Nutrition: - Milk-based - Soy-based - Organic - Probiotic / prebiotic - Others  Enteral Nutrition - Standard - Enteral Nutrition for Chronic Illnesses  Parenteral Nutrition  • Our analyses show individual revenue forecasts to 2027 for these regional and national markets: - North America: the US and Rest of North America - Europe: Germany, France, the UK and Rest of Europe - Asia-Pacific: China, Japan, India and Rest of Asia-Pacific - Rest of the World (RoW): Middle East and Rest of RoW Each regional market is further segmented into the leading segments and sub segments of the clinical nutrition market. Whereas, each national market is further segmented into the leading segments of the clinical nutrition market. • This report discusses the leading companies that hold the majority of market shares in the clinical nutrition market: - Baxter International. NYSE: BAX - Abbott Laboratories. NYSE: ABT - B. Braun Melsungen AG. - Nestle S.A. VTX: NESN - Groupe Danone. EPA: BN - Mead Johnson. NYSE: MJN - Fresenius Kabi. ETR: FRE - Hospira. NYSE: HSP - Perrigo. TLV: PRGO • This report also discusses Porter's Five Forces Analysis. These forces analyze the clinical nutrition market from five different perspectives such as competitive rivalry within the industry; threat of new entrants; bargaining power of suppliers; bargaining power of buyers; and threat of substitute products. Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the clinical nutrition market. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Clinical Nutrition Market Forecast 2017-2027: Infant Nutrition, Enteral Nutrition, Parenteral Nutrition. To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1863/Global-Clinical-Nutrition-Market-Forecast-2017-2027 The Companies mentioned are: Abbott Alere Inc Astellas Baxter Healthcare Beverage Partners Worldwide Biersdorf Braun Melsungen AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Cereal Partners Worldwide Chuv Lausanne Dairy Partners Americas Elli Lilly Fresenius Kabi Gerber Gillette GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Groupe Danone Heinz Hipp Hormel Health Lab Hospira Immunocal Immunotech Research Institut national de la recherche agronomique (INRA) Kanebo Kao Massey Mead Johnson Merck Nature's One Nestle Novartis Numico Nutritek Nutrition Nutritionals Otsuka Pharmaceuticals Pacific Health Pharmaceuticals Patheon Royal Numico N.V Schwartz Bio-Research SHS Smithkline St. Jude Medical, Inc. U.S. Dentek Warner Lambert Wyeth Ayerst Yale New Haven Hospital Yashili International Holdings Ltd List of Organizations Mentioned in the Report Columbia University European Medicines Agency (EMA) Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Harvard School of Nutrition Institute of Dentistry University of Turku Milk & Health Research Center United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN-DESA) World Health Organization (WHO) To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd 02 May, 2017, 09:01 ET Preview: Ventricular Assist Device (VAD) Market Forecast 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 21 Apr, 2017, 09:01 ET Ventricular Assist Device (VAD) Market Forecast 2017-2027 21 Apr, 2017, 09:01 ET Global Translational Regenerative Medicine Market Prospects... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Clinical Nutrition Market Forecast 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 09 May, 2017, 09:01 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
05102017Headline: Global Food Container Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2015-2022: Brisk Insights 4 mins ago Market Overview – Global Wet Glue Labelling Machines Market Shares, Strategies Size And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports 6 mins ago Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights 11 mins ago Worldwide Adjustable Transformer Market – Global Market, Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Gross Margin and Forecast 2017 to 2022 QY Research Reports 15 mins ago Metalworking Fluids Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.1 % during the forecast period of 2016-2022 16 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Angioedema Market is expected to Grow at the CAGR of 6.7% During 2017-2025 Global Angioedema Market is expected to Grow at the CAGR of 6.7% During 2017-2025 May 9, 2017 | by Satyamspot | According to a recently published report by Brisk Insights, the Global Angioedema Market is expected to grow at the CAGR of 6.7% during 2017-2025. The global angioedema market is segmented on the basis of treatment and geography. The report on global angioedema market (by treatment and geography) provides a detailed overview and predictive analysis of the market. Full report available on Angioedema Market: Global Industry Size, Growth, Share and Forecast to 2025 report at http://www.briskinsights.com/report/angioedema-market Market Insights Rising numbers of angioedema patients is the key driver for global angioedema market. The treatment types include antihistamines, corticosteroids, autoimmune drugs, anti-fibrinolytic agents and blood protein controllers. Antihistamines and corticosteroids accounted for over 45% of the total market share because they are prescribed as the first line therapies and majorly used as supportive therapies and most accessible source of treatment across the globe. Despite the high cost of new treatment options in comparison to older therapies such as androgens and anti-fibrinolytic agents, they are popular with medical practitioner as it is very effective in the attenuation of the symptoms such as subcutaneous and abdominal swelling. Hence, introduction of new drugs with further improved effectiveness and safety will drive the global angioedema market during the forecast period. The global angioedema market is currently dominated by North America due to increasing number of angioedema patients, rising public awareness and early disease diagnosis and supportive reimbursement scenario. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing market for angioedema; the driving factors are lucrative investment opportunities to manufacturers of angioedema treatment drugs, increasing number of angioedema patients and developed healthcare infrastructure. Scope of the report Global Angioedema Market, by Treatment, 2015–2025 ($ Millon) 1.1. Antihistamines 1.2. Corticosteroids 1.3. Autoimmune drugs 1.4. Anti-fibrinolytic agents 1.5. Blood protein controllers Global Angioedema Market, by Geography, 2015-2025 ($ Millon) 2.1. North America 2.1.1. U.S. 2.1.2. Canada 2.2. Europe 2.2.1. U.K. 2.2.2. Germany 2.2.3. France 2.2.4. Rest of Europe 2.3. Asia Pacific 2.3.1. Japan 2.3.2. China 2.3.3. Rest of Asia Pacific 2.4. Latin America (LATAM) 2.4.1. Brazil 2.4.2. Mexico 2.4.3. Rest of Latin America 2.5. Middle East and Africa (MEA) 2.5.1. GCC 2.5.2. Rest of Middle East and Africa Company Profiles 3.1. AstraZeneca plc 3.2. F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG 3.3. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International 3.4. Merck & Co. 3.5. Dyax Corp. 3.6. CSL Behring 3.7. Pharming Group 3.8. ViroPharma 3.9. Other Notable Players Request Sample: http://www.briskinsights.com/sample-request/570 About Us: Brisk Insights is a global market research firm. Our insightful analysis is focused on developed and emerging markets. We identify trends and forecast markets with a view to aid businesses identify market opportunities optimize strategies. Our team of 200 analysts’ provides enterprises with strategic insights. Brisk Insights works to help enterprises grow through strategic insights and actionable solutions. Contact Us: Office 1094 109 Vernon House, Friar Lane Nottingham NG1 6DQ United Kingdom Ph. No. +448081890034 Email: sales@briskinsights.com Company: http://www.briskinsights.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Food Container Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2015-2022: Brisk Insights Market Overview – Global Wet Glue Labelling Machines Market Shares, Strategies Size And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights Worldwide Adjustable Transformer Market – Global Market, Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Gross Margin and Forecast 2017 to 2022 QY Research Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Food Container Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2015-2022: Brisk Insights Market Overview – Global Wet Glue Labelling Machines Market Shares, Strategies Size And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights Worldwide Adjustable Transformer Market – Global Market, Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Gross Margin and Forecast 2017 to 2022 QY Research Reports Metalworking Fluids Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.1 % during the forecast period of 2016-2022 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Global Clinical Nutrition Market Forecast 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 09 May, 2017, 14:01 BST Share this article LONDON, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Infant Nutrition, Enteral Nutrition, Parenteral Nutrition The global clinical nutrition market is estimated at $41bn in 2016 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.3% from 2017-2027. The infant nutrition segment held the largest market share, with $24.1 billion in value in 2016 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% for the period 2017-2027 according to Visiongain's report How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. In this brand new 144-page report you will receive 150 charts - all unavailable elsewhere. The 144-page report provides clear detailed insight into the global clinical nutrition market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope  • Global Clinical Nutrition Market forecasts from 2017-2027 • This report also shows forecast revenue to 2027 for the leading segments and sub segments of the clinical nutrition market: Infant Nutrition: - Milk-based - Soy-based - Organic - Probiotic / prebiotic - Others  Enteral Nutrition - Standard - Enteral Nutrition for Chronic Illnesses  Parenteral Nutrition  • Our analyses show individual revenue forecasts to 2027 for these regional and national markets: - North America: the US and Rest of North America - Europe: Germany, France, the UK and Rest of Europe - Asia-Pacific: China, Japan, India and Rest of Asia-Pacific - Rest of the World (RoW): Middle East and Rest of RoW Each regional market is further segmented into the leading segments and sub segments of the clinical nutrition market. Whereas, each national market is further segmented into the leading segments of the clinical nutrition market. • This report discusses the leading companies that hold the majority of market shares in the clinical nutrition market: - Baxter International. NYSE: BAX - Abbott Laboratories. NYSE: ABT - B. Braun Melsungen AG. - Nestle S.A. VTX: NESN - Groupe Danone. EPA: BN - Mead Johnson. NYSE: MJN - Fresenius Kabi. ETR: FRE - Hospira. NYSE: HSP - Perrigo. TLV: PRGO • This report also discusses Porter's Five Forces Analysis. These forces analyze the clinical nutrition market from five different perspectives such as competitive rivalry within the industry; threat of new entrants; bargaining power of suppliers; bargaining power of buyers; and threat of substitute products. Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the clinical nutrition market. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Clinical Nutrition Market Forecast 2017-2027: Infant Nutrition, Enteral Nutrition, Parenteral Nutrition. To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1863/Global-Clinical-Nutrition-Market-Forecast-2017-2027 The Companies mentioned are: Abbott Alere Inc Astellas Baxter Healthcare Beverage Partners Worldwide Biersdorf Braun Melsungen AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Cereal Partners Worldwide Chuv Lausanne Dairy Partners Americas Elli Lilly Fresenius Kabi Gerber Gillette GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Groupe Danone Heinz Hipp Hormel Health Lab Hospira Immunocal Immunotech Research Institut national de la recherche agronomique (INRA) Kanebo Kao Massey Mead Johnson Merck Nature's One Nestle Novartis Numico Nutritek Nutrition Nutritionals Otsuka Pharmaceuticals Pacific Health Pharmaceuticals Patheon Royal Numico N.V Schwartz Bio-Research SHS Smithkline St. Jude Medical, Inc. U.S. Dentek Warner Lambert Wyeth Ayerst Yale New Haven Hospital Yashili International Holdings Ltd List of Organizations Mentioned in the Report Columbia University European Medicines Agency (EMA) Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Harvard School of Nutrition Institute of Dentistry University of Turku Milk & Health Research Center United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN-DESA) World Health Organization (WHO) To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd 02 May, 2017, 14:01 BST Preview: Ventricular Assist Device (VAD) Market Forecast 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 May, 2017, 14:01 BSTVentricular Assist Device (VAD) Market Forecast 2017-2027 21 Apr, 2017, 14:01 BSTGlobal Translational Regenerative Medicine Market Prospects... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Clinical Nutrition Market Forecast 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 09 May, 2017, 14:01 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
05102017Headline: Global Food Container Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2015-2022: Brisk Insights 5 mins ago Market Overview – Global Wet Glue Labelling Machines Market Shares, Strategies Size And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports 6 mins ago Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights 11 mins ago Worldwide Adjustable Transformer Market – Global Market, Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Gross Margin and Forecast 2017 to 2022 QY Research Reports 16 mins ago Metalworking Fluids Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.1 % during the forecast period of 2016-2022 16 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Anti-hypertensive Drugs Market is expected to Grow at the CAGR of 1.17% During 2017-2025 Global Anti-hypertensive Drugs Market is expected to Grow at the CAGR of 1.17% During 2017-2025 May 9, 2017 | by Satyamspot | According to a recently published report by Brisk Insights, the Global Anti-hypertensive Drugs Market is expected to grow at the CAGR of 1.17% during 2017-2025. The global anti-hypertensive drugs market is segmented on the basis of drug type and geography. The report on global anti-hypertensive drugs market (by drug type and geography) provides a detailed overview and predictive analysis of the market. Full report available on Anti-hypertensive Drugs Market: Global Industry Size, Growth, Share and Forecast to 2025 report at http://www.briskinsights.com/report/anti-hypertensive-drugs-market Market Insights Hypertension is among the most commonly witnessed and prevalent chronic condition and is characterized by heightened systolic and diastolic pressure. Antihypertensive drugs such as ACE inhibitors, ARBs, calcium channel blockers, beta-adrenergic blockers, alpha-adrenergic blockers, central sympatholyics, renin inhibitors and vasodilators are used for treatment and management of hypertension. The prevalence of hypertension is observed to be perpetually growing, particularly in regions characterized by large pool of high-risk senescent population, high obesity prevalence, and subject to lifestyle factors. The market size for anti-hypertensive drugs is observed to be large in developed parts of the world such as North America and Western Europe. However, regions such as Asia Pacific, and Middle East and Africa are witnessing significant growth in the light of huge general population and growing disease prevalence. Scope of the report Global Anti-hypertensive Drugs Market, by Drug Type, 2015–2025 ($ Millon) 1.1. Diuretics 1.2. ACE inhibitors 1.3. ARBs 1.4. Calcium Channel Blockers 1.5. Beta – Adrenergic blocker 1.6. Alpha – Adrenergic blocker 1.7. Central Sympatholyics 1.8. Renin inhibitors 1.9. Vasodilators Global Anti-hypertensive Drugs Market, by Geography, 2015-2025 ($ Millon) 2.1. North America 2.1.1. U.S. 2.1.2. Canada 2.2. Europe 2.2.1. U.K. 2.2.2. Germany 2.2.3. France 2.2.4. Rest of Europe 2.3. Asia Pacific 2.3.1. Japan 2.3.2. China 2.3.3. Rest of Asia Pacific 2.4. Latin America (LATAM) 2.4.1. Brazil 2.4.2. Mexico 2.4.3. Rest of Latin America 2.5. Middle East and Africa (MEA) 2.5.1. GCC 2.5.2. Rest of Middle East and Africa Company Profiles 3.1. Actelion Ltd 3.2. Astra Zeneca 3.3. Bayer AG 3.4. Boehinger Ingelheim 3.5. Daiichyi Sankyo Co. Ltd. 3.6. Johnson & Johnson 3.7. Lupin Limited 3.8. Merck & Co. 3.9. Novartis AG 3.10. Pfizer 3.11. Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited 3.12. Sanofi 3.13. Takeda Pharmaceutical 3.14. Other Major Players Request Sample: http://www.briskinsights.com/sample-request/569 About Us: Brisk Insights is a global market research firm. Our insightful analysis is focused on developed and emerging markets. We identify trends and forecast markets with a view to aid businesses identify market opportunities optimize strategies. Our team of 200 analysts’ provides enterprises with strategic insights. Brisk Insights works to help enterprises grow through strategic insights and actionable solutions. Contact Us: Office 1094 109 Vernon House, Friar Lane Nottingham NG1 6DQ United Kingdom Ph. No. +448081890034 Email: sales@briskinsights.com Company: http://www.briskinsights.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Food Container Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2015-2022: Brisk Insights Market Overview – Global Wet Glue Labelling Machines Market Shares, Strategies Size And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights Worldwide Adjustable Transformer Market – Global Market, Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Gross Margin and Forecast 2017 to 2022 QY Research Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Food Container Market Size, Share, Growth, Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast 2015-2022: Brisk Insights Market Overview – Global Wet Glue Labelling Machines Market Shares, Strategies Size And Forecasts Worldwide 2017 – By Acute Market Reports Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2016 – 2022 – Brisk Insights Worldwide Adjustable Transformer Market – Global Market, Size, Share, Growth, Trend, Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Gross Margin and Forecast 2017 to 2022 QY Research Reports Metalworking Fluids Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 5.1 % during the forecast period of 2016-2022 © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market Expected to Account US$ 2,655.9 Million by 2024 According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research, titled “Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market: Industry Analysis and Forecast  (2016–2024)”, revenue from the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period 2016 – 2024. In the report, the Asia-Pacific alopecia treatment market is analyzed on the basis of, type of alopecia, treatment type, and end user. On the basis of the type of alopecia, the overall market has been segmented into alopecia areata, alopecia totalis, and alopecia universalis. Topical drugs (creams, oils, lotions, gels, shampoos, and foam), oral drugs, injectable (platelet rich plasma therapy, steroid, and injectable fillers), hair transplant services and low-level laser therapy form the basis of treatment type. By end user segment, the market has been segmented into hospitals, dermatology and trichology clinics, home care settings, and aesthetic clinics. In the overall market, oral solid dosage formulations are expected to witness increased acceptance owing to ease of consumption by patients in Asia Pacific. Accordingly, oral drugs segment is anticipated to witness an increase in value from US$ 556.6 Mn in 2016 to US$ 1,005.1 Mn by the end of 2024. Rising global demand for effective hair loss treatment medications especially oral drugs is the prime driver of the market. Oral hair loss treatment drugs are gaining popularity as they help in maintaining patient-safety through reduced number of medicine dosages, but with increased drug efficacy. However, changing lifestyle along with the increase in stress level among working class population, cosmeceutical drug manufacturers focusing on expanding their hair treatment and scalp treatment product line, and cytokine therapy gaining momentum for alopecia treatment are other factors that expected to fuel the market growth for alopecia treatment market over the forecast period. Patent expiry of major blockbuster drugs resulting in market exclusivity for some brands and various side effects associated with the hair loss treatments is expected to hamper the overall market growth. Some of the side effects such as allergies, depression, and chances of permanent sexual dysfunctions. Other market deterrents include the limited efficacy of the hair loss treatment drugs and lack of reimbursement facilities for hair loss treatments services, such as laser treatments. Based on countries, the market has been divided into China, Japan, Australia & New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore, India, Vietnam, Philippines and Rest of Asia-Pacific. Developed pharmaceuticals markets such as the China and Japan are expected to emerge as the main sourcing markets. This report assesses trends by type of alopecia, treatment type, end user, and countries; to offer analytical insights about the potential demand emerging for particular alopecia treatments in specific regions. China is estimated to dominate the alopecia treatment market accounting for maximum revenue share of the overall market by end of 2016. By 2024 end, China and Japan markets are expected to account for over three-fifth share of the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market revenue. In terms of market share by value, China is estimated to retain its dominant position, registering a CAGR of 7.1% over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11077 Some key companies covered in this report include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Cipla Ltd., Cellmid Ltd., The Himalaya Drug Company, Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd, Shiseido Co., Ltd., and Zhangguang 101 Science & Technology Co., Ltd. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and the introduction of innovative and cost-effective advanced manufacturing procedures in order to gain higher market share and to strengthen their respective positions in the Asia Pacific market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/11077 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAlopecia Treatment, Alopecia Treatment Market, Asia Pacific, Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Result of the auction of treasury bills on 9 May 2017 Next PostNext Resultat af auktion over skatkammerbeviser 9. maj 2017 Search Recent Posts Asia Pacific Flexible Glass Market Anticipated to Be Valued at $612.7 Mn by 2020 Intelligent Pump Market Explores New Growth Opportunities by 2016-2024 Recent Survey: Global Wind Turbine Composite Materials Market to Grow at a CAGR of 7.12% During 2017-2021 Global Chromatography Systems Market Analysis & Forecast, 2016–2024 Global Mobile Workstation Market 2017 – Features Key Companies ( HP, Dell, Lenovo, Acer, ASUS, Dell ) RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices get respite from selling after encouraging signals on U.S. supply 1:16 A.M. ET China consumer inflation edged up in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Feldan Therapeutics and Elasmogen Announce Research Agreement with Amgen to Develop Intracellular Biologics By Published: May 9, 2017 3:00 a.m. ET Share ABERDEEN, Scotland and QUEBEC CITY, Canada, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- ABERDEEN, Scotland and QUEBEC CITY, Canada, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Combined Feldan Shuttle and Elasmogen soloMER technology will be used to deliver intracellular candidates for two targets Elasmogen Ltd, focused on the development of next generation biologics, and Feldan Therapeutics, focused on intracellular delivery of proteins, today announce a research collaboration with Amgen, to develop and deliver novel intracellular biologics. The collaboration combines the unique capabilities of Feldan's Shuttle platform and Elasmogen's soloMER™ technology to develop the delivery system and binding domains to two undisclosed intracellular targets for Amgen. The Feldan Shuttle technology is a novel peptide-based delivery method that enables the highly efficient introduction of foreign proteins into cells. Elasmogen's soloMER's are the smallest naturally occurring binding domains. Their small size and robust nature, particularly the resistance to changes in pH and ability to bind in intracellular conditions makes them the perfect complement to Feldan's technology. "Currently all approved biologic antibody therapeutics act on extracellular targets but intracellular delivery enables access to a much greater number of targets," said François-Thomas Michaud, CEO, Feldan Therapeutics. "Intracellular delivery and binding of biologics can bridge the gap between small molecules and biologics." "This is an exciting opportunity to demonstrate the performance and capabilities of the combined Shuttle-soloMER technology. The expertise provided by Amgen will significantly accelerate the development of this potential new class of therapeutics," said Caroline Barelle, CEO, Elasmogen. In 2016, Feldan and Elasmogen established an exclusive partnership for the development of intracellular biologics. Working together, their research teams have demonstrated both intracellular and intranuclear delivery of soloMER binding domains. About Elasmogen:  Elasmogen, a spin-out from the University of Aberdeen, is a drug discovery and development, biopharmaceutical company developing soloMERs, fully humanized, next generation, single chain biologics for auto-inflammatory diseases, ophthalmology, oncology and intracellular delivery. soloMERs are proprietary humanized clinical candidates derived from VNARS (variable new-antigen receptors) which exist naturally in sharks as high affinity binding domains. With a different ancestral origin from antibodies this example of 400 million year old convergent evolution places VNARs outside of the complex patent landscape that describes and protects antibody drug discovery. soloMERs are the smallest (9% of the size of an antibody) and most robust naturally occurring binding domain which makes them ideal for binding to intracellular targets. The Company's technology has been endorsed through partnerships with Almac, Amgen and Merck.   Elasmogen is unique in its capacity to isolate and develop soloMERs, with a multi-layered IP position covering the platform, products and process including an exclusive license to over 20 patents granted in the US, Europe and other territories together with the entire know-how and VNAR pipeline from the Scottish Biologics Facility, University of Aberdeen. More information is available at www.Elasmogen.com   About Feldan Therapeutics:  Feldan Therapeutic is a Canadian company dedicated to the development of regenerative medicine therapeutic applications based on the Feldan Shuttle platform, a breakthrough peptide-based delivery method that allows the introduction of foreign proteins inside cells. The Feldan Shuttle overcomes delivery obstacles in therapeutic context by providing a safe and highly efficient approach that alleviates manipulation complexity and that is associated with low regulatory burden. The Shuttle platform has been successfully used to transfer active nucleases and transcription factors inside several types of cells; moreover, preliminary results in rodents suggest that the Shuttle has a promising potential for in vivo applications. Work is currently ongoing to further develop the Shuttle technology in order to promote the internalization of antibodies (or antibody-like domains) to modulate cellular pathways. In addition, Feldan has an in-house therapeutic pipeline centered on the generation of hyperactive NK cells for oncology applications. More information is available at www.feldan.com Company Contacts: ElasmogenCaroline Barelle, CEO, Elasmogen Tel: +44-(0)-1224-438545 caroline.barelle@elasmogen.comKatja Stout/ Sylvie Berrebi Citigate Dewe Rogerson Tel: +44-(0)-7984141186/+44-(0)-7795197271 elasmogen@citigatedr.co.uk Feldan Therapeutics François-Thomas Michaud, CEO Feldan Therapeutics Tel: +1-418-872-7277 ftmichaud@feldan.com SOURCE Elasmogen Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   Adequacy of Hormone Replacement Therapy Market in Asia-Pacific Region Asia-Pacific Hormone Replacement Therapy Market by Hormone Type (Estrogen Replacement Therapy, Growth Hormone Replacement Therapy, Thyroid Replacement Therapy and Others) by Route of Administration (Oral, Parenteral, Transdermal and Others) and by Region   Browse And Choose From Our World Class Research Reports (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 09, 2017 ) Asia-Pacific Hormone Replacement Therapy Market research report, published by Market Data Forecast estimates that the market is growing with a CAGR of 7.92% to reach USD 3.23 billion by 2021, from USD 2.21 billion in 2016, which amounts to a cumulative growth of USD 1.02 billion. Hormone replacement therapy is any form of hormone therapy to patients that includes receiving of hormones either to substitute for natural hormones or to supplement naturally occurring hormones. To give an idea about the working of this market, they are three types of estrogen medication thats estrone, estradiol and estriol. Estrone is found in women after menopause. Estradiol is naturally found in premenopausal women. Estriol is found through breakdown of other estrogens in the body and is a weaker form of estrogen. Apart from medication, estrogen implants are also performed but its rarely opted. Internationally, most of the industrialized nations are spending a huge part of their GDP on healthcare necessities especially US. The report also presents detailed analysis of multitude of factors affecting the diagnostic imaging market bearing either positive or negative outcomes. Some of those factors are  Low cost of the therapy,  Increasing recognition of the product availability,  Risk involved in post treatment of HRT,  Improving healthcare infrastructure in developing markets,  Stringent Government Regulations,  Lack of skilled professionals. For Full Report refer to: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-961/ For granular level understanding the Hormone Replacement Therapy Market is segmented based on hormone type and route of administration, each being provided with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts. Based on Hormone Type the market is segmented as Estrogen Replacement Therapy, Growth Hormone Replacement Therapy, Thyroid replacement therapy and others. Based on route of administration it is further segmented into oral, parenteral, transdermal and other routes. India and China are the major economies which have unexplored customer base and thats covered in the study. The report also focuses on other regions like Japan, Australia, South Korea and Rest of Asia-Pacific. Japan is estimated to possess the major chunk of the Asia-Pacific Hormone Replacement market. Free Sample for report: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-961/request-sample Some of the key players that operate in the Hormone Replacement market include TherapeuticsMD, Inc., Bayer AG, Hisamitsu pharmaceutical co. Inc., Merck & Co., Amgen and Novo Nordisk. Enquire about the report: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-hormone-replacement-therapy-market-961/inquire ; The Asia- Pacific Hormone Replacement Therapy market report offers wide-range of scope:  Regional and country-level analysis that provides an individual perspective of Asia-Pacific region and the aforementioned countries  Know more about key areas of industry growth via detailed Segment-level analysis on basis of hormone type, route of administration, along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations  Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics  Strategic Analyses containing PESTLE and Porters Five Forces Analyses which are obtained by studying the macro & micro environmental factors that affect the market demographics  Comprehensive listing of key market players along with Company overview, product portfolios, financials (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview  Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies  Market Outlook - Investment opportunities devised by stand in experts to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market For more reports related to the Therapeutics Market: Colorectal Cancer diagnosis market:http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-colorectal-cancer-market-612/ Clinical nutrition Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/asia-pacific-clinical-nutrition-market-788/ Autoimmune Monoclonal Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-autoimmune-monoclonal-antibodies-1170/ Burn care Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-burn-care-market-1077/ Cancer immunotherapy market:http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-cancer-immunotherapy-market-1412/ About us: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Feldan Therapeutics and Elasmogen Announce Research Agreement with Amgen to Develop Intracellular Biologics News provided by Elasmogen 09 May, 2017, 08:00 BST Share this article ABERDEEN, Scotland and QUEBEC CITY, Canada, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Combined Feldan Shuttle and Elasmogen soloMER technology will be used to deliver intracellular candidates for two targets Elasmogen Ltd, focused on the development of next generation biologics, and Feldan Therapeutics, focused on intracellular delivery of proteins, today announce a research collaboration with Amgen, to develop and deliver novel intracellular biologics. The collaboration combines the unique capabilities of Feldan's Shuttle platform and Elasmogen's soloMER™ technology to develop the delivery system and binding domains to two undisclosed intracellular targets for Amgen. The Feldan Shuttle technology is a novel peptide-based delivery method that enables the highly efficient introduction of foreign proteins into cells. Elasmogen's soloMER's are the smallest naturally occurring binding domains. Their small size and robust nature, particularly the resistance to changes in pH and ability to bind in intracellular conditions makes them the perfect complement to Feldan's technology. "Currently all approved biologic antibody therapeutics act on extracellular targets but intracellular delivery enables access to a much greater number of targets," said François-Thomas Michaud, CEO, Feldan Therapeutics. "Intracellular delivery and binding of biologics can bridge the gap between small molecules and biologics." "This is an exciting opportunity to demonstrate the performance and capabilities of the combined Shuttle-soloMER technology. The expertise provided by Amgen will significantly accelerate the development of this potential new class of therapeutics," said Caroline Barelle, CEO, Elasmogen. In 2016, Feldan and Elasmogen established an exclusive partnership for the development of intracellular biologics. Working together, their research teams have demonstrated both intracellular and intranuclear delivery of soloMER binding domains. About Elasmogen:  Elasmogen, a spin-out from the University of Aberdeen, is a drug discovery and development, biopharmaceutical company developing soloMERs, fully humanized, next generation, single chain biologics for auto-inflammatory diseases, ophthalmology, oncology and intracellular delivery. soloMERs are proprietary humanized clinical candidates derived from VNARS (variable new-antigen receptors) which exist naturally in sharks as high affinity binding domains. With a different ancestral origin from antibodies this example of 400 million year old convergent evolution places VNARs outside of the complex patent landscape that describes and protects antibody drug discovery. soloMERs are the smallest (9% of the size of an antibody) and most robust naturally occurring binding domain which makes them ideal for binding to intracellular targets. The Company's technology has been endorsed through partnerships with Almac, Amgen and Merck.   Elasmogen is unique in its capacity to isolate and develop soloMERs, with a multi-layered IP position covering the platform, products and process including an exclusive license to over 20 patents granted in the US, Europe and other territories together with the entire know-how and VNAR pipeline from the Scottish Biologics Facility, University of Aberdeen. More information is available at www.Elasmogen.com   About Feldan Therapeutics:  Feldan Therapeutic is a Canadian company dedicated to the development of regenerative medicine therapeutic applications based on the Feldan Shuttle platform, a breakthrough peptide-based delivery method that allows the introduction of foreign proteins inside cells. The Feldan Shuttle overcomes delivery obstacles in therapeutic context by providing a safe and highly efficient approach that alleviates manipulation complexity and that is associated with low regulatory burden. The Shuttle platform has been successfully used to transfer active nucleases and transcription factors inside several types of cells; moreover, preliminary results in rodents suggest that the Shuttle has a promising potential for in vivo applications. Work is currently ongoing to further develop the Shuttle technology in order to promote the internalization of antibodies (or antibody-like domains) to modulate cellular pathways. In addition, Feldan has an in-house therapeutic pipeline centered on the generation of hyperactive NK cells for oncology applications. More information is available at www.feldan.com Company Contacts: Elasmogen Caroline Barelle, CEO, Elasmogen Tel: +44-(0)-1224-438545 caroline.barelle@elasmogen.com Katja Stout/ Sylvie Berrebi Citigate Dewe Rogerson Tel: +44-(0)-7984141186/+44-(0)-7795197271 elasmogen@citigatedr.co.uk Feldan Therapeutics François-Thomas Michaud, CEO Feldan Therapeutics Tel: +1-418-872-7277 ftmichaud@feldan.com SOURCE Elasmogen My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Feldan Therapeutics and Elasmogen Announce Research Agreement with Amgen to Develop Intracellular Biologics News provided by Elasmogen 09 May, 2017, 08:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Immunotherapy Drugs Market Growth, Opportunities, Trends and Competitive Landscape Outlook to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Immunotherapy Drugs market is accounted for $38.26 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $97.47 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.3%. In present scenario people are exposed to various harmful conditions which are affecting them through cancer and immunotherapy drugs are helping the people out. Rising cancer therapies coupled with lesser side effects are the factors provoking the market demand. Moreover high prevalence of lifestyle diseases are sustaining the market growth. However, high cost of therapy drugs is major factor restraining the market. Monoclonal antibodies is accounted for largest market share while Checkpoint inhibitors is estimated to be the fastest growing segment on account of its less effect to normal cells compared to ordinary therapeutics. North America commanded the largest market share followed by Europe owing to large government funding in cancer techniques and R&D. Quick drug approvals is also a major factor helping the regional growth. Some of the key players of the Immunotherapy Drugs market include Aduro BioTech Inc, Agenus Inc, Amgen Inc., Bavarian Nordic A/S, Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc, Biogen Idec Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corporation, DenDrit Biotech USA, ELI Lilly and Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ag, Galena Biopharma Inc, Genentech Inc, Glaxosmithkline Plc, Merck & Co., Inc., NewLink Genetics Corp., Novartis International Ag, Oxford BioTherapeutics Ltd., Seattle Genetics, Inc. and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.. Browse a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/immunotherapy-drugs-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Drug Types Covered: Checkpoint Inhibitors Interferons Interleukins Monoclonal Antibodies Vaccines Applications Covered: Blood Cancer Breast Cancer Cervical Cancer Gastric Cancer Glioblastoma Lung Cancer Melanoma Prostate Cancer Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt Request a sample copy of Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184870 What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184870 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Immunotherapy Drugs Market, Global Immunotherapy Drugs Market Demand, Global Immunotherapy Drugs Market Share, Global Immunotherapy Drugs Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hyaluronic Acid-based Biomaterials Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2022 Next PostNext Seasonal Chocolates Global Market Key Vendors – Fortive, Keysight tech, Teledyne LeCroy Analysis and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Pediatric Vaccines Global Market Size, Growth, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022- Market Research report 2016 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Pediatric Vaccines market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of XX% to reach $XX million by 2022. Rising government and non-government financial support for development of vaccine is the major driver for the pediatric vaccine market. Increasing innovative technologies such as therapeutic and adjuvant vaccines are anticipated to fuel the pediatric vaccine market during the forecast period. Moreover, increasing expenditure of vaccines, little accessibility to remote areas and strict regulation for approval of vaccines are some of the factors hampering the global pediatric vaccine market. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/pediatric-vaccines-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Infectious diseases segment is expected to grow at a faster rate during the forecast period. North America dominates the global market for pediatric vaccines followed by Europe. Moreover, the Asia Pacific is likely to report the highest CAGR during the forecast period, driven by the high birth rate in China and India. Some of the key players in the market include Johnson and Johnson, Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi S.A, Novo Nordisk A/S, Bharat Biotech International Limited, Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Genentech, Inc., Shire Pharmaceuticals Group Plc, Merck & Co. Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Amgen Inc., Novartis AG and Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184631 Diseases type Covered: Cancer and allergy Infectious disease Pneumococcal disease Influenza Diphtheria Rotavirus Tetanus Haemophilus Influenzae type b (Hib) Meningococcal Hepatitis A Hepatitis B Rubella Mumps Measles Pertussis Varicella (chickenpox) Polio Products Covered: Anti-infective drugs Pediatric hormones Allergy & respiratory drugs CNS drugs Vaccines type Covered: Synthetic vaccines Conjugate vaccines Live attenuated vaccines Dendritic cells vaccines Toxoid vaccines Recombinant vector vaccines Subunit vaccines Inactivated vaccines Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Pediatric Vaccines Global Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Mammography Market to Incur Rapid Extension by 2021 Next PostNext New Research Finds Phase 3 is the Most Popular Stage for Medical Affairs Teams to Begin Thought Leader Development Activities Search Recent Posts Global Industrial Infrared Camera Sales Market Outlook and Growth Forecast Indicating Positive CAGR During 2016-2022 Global Hair Dye Market Size ,Share, Trends and Forecast Analysis of Top Countries 2017-2022 Perfusion Systems Market Outlook, Competitive Analysis and Industry Trends 2025 Breakthrough employee family leave benefits Pharmaceutical Robots Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2017 – 2025 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Proteins in Oncology Market: Business Challenges, Emerging Technologies & Competitive Landscape Global Protein in Oncology Market Oncology is the branch of medical science dealing with cancer research and treatment. There are several research facilities and universities identifying unique proteins in oncology for developing diagnostics. Several studies are underway to discover new proteins that play a role in cancer. Currently there are a number of companies and/or their collaborators engaged in developing several protein drugs in cancer. Surgical treatments and radiation therapy, though effective at treating primary tumors, are not found to be successful in detecting metastatic tumor cells and those flowing in the bloodstream, making treatment of these cancer cells very difficult. Cancer is one of the largest causes of death worldwide and finding leads to cure or control the disease is one of the primary goals of governments globally. Global Protein in Oncology Market: Segmentation Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/proteins-oncology-mark… The global proteins in oncology market has been segmented based on protein type and geography. Protein types include recombinant non-glycosylated proteins, recombinant glycosylated proteins and recombinant peptides. Geographically, North America and Europe lead the global proteins in oncology market thanks to the very stringent regulatory environment for clearing the products. Asia-Pacific countries such as China and India are estimated to be the fastest-growing markets. South Korea and Brazil are also poised to register high growth in the coming years due to boost in biosimilars market. The services that can be provided in the global proteins in oncology market include contract research organizations and contract manufacturing organizations. Global Protein in Oncology Market: Drivers and Restraints Worldwide increase in the prevalence of cancer and the rising awareness of the therapeutic and commercial opportunities offered by new oncology treatments have provided a major incentive for the pharmaceutical industry to pursue the development of new agents for the treatment of cancer. Proteins or peptide drugs are usually required to be administered only by injection due to their large and labile nature. Peptide drugs are used effectively in monitoring various tumors and related therapies. They selectively are known to bind responsive versus unresponsive tumors. Therefore, this advantage associated with the use of peptides assists their use in assessing tumor response and evaluating its effectiveness in cancer therapy. The main challenge for the newer generation of recombinant drugs seems to be the new route of administration, new formulations and consequently even higher efficiency and safety. Though the parenteral route of administration is the most common, there are advances being made to deliver medicines through the oral route, which is considered to be the most preferred one due to better patient compliance. Recently new research has demonstrated that attaching a cancer killer protein to white blood cells annihilates metastasis. Isolation of a protein named as TRAIL by researchers at Cornell University in the U.S. demonstrated killing of cancer cells on contact. The TRAIL protein is binded with leukocytes (white blood cells) that are present across the bloodstream. The cancer cell is essentially known to kill itself when it comes in contact with TRAIL protein. The mechanism has been surprising and unexpectedly effective as compared to targeting the cancer cells with liposomes. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Global Protein in Oncology Market: Competitive Landscape Analysis The key players contributing to the global proteins in oncology market include Actavis, Inc., Biocon Ltd., Celltrion, Inc., Dr. Reddys Laboratories Ltd., Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Hospira, Inc., Merck, Mylan, Inc., Roche Holding Ltd., Sandoz, Teva Pharmaceuticals and Wockhardt Ltd. Expansion of product portfolio enables these companies to gain a competitive advantage over other players in the market. Strengthening of market position by extensive investments in research and development is also one of the business strategies undertaken by the key players. A lot of research is still to be carried out in the protein recombinant drugs in oncology market which will come along with years of efforts and high risk. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Francois Fressinier – Exclusive Exhibition at Martin Lawrence Gallery Dallas Next PostNext Sales Market Analysis: Europe Agrigenomics Market Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets May 09, 2017 11:34 AM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Earnings growth to lead next leg of bull market; 4 stocks that can give up to 40% returns If investors are looking for an investment horizon of over three years then this is a market to be in. Kshitij Anand Moneycontrol News It looks like stars are aligned for India market to hit fresh highs. It has already rallied by about 14 percent so far in the year 2017 and about 18 percent from its December low of 7,900. Some analysts are even calling this as a raging bull market because it didn’t start in 2017 or 2016, it started after the global financial crisis and since then there is no stopping. "If we look at the Standard and Poor (S&P) which is the benchmark of equity trends around the world, we are 7.5 years into a straight-up bull market. So it is old by every definition, but the starting point was complete devastation after the financial crisis, so maybe this can be bigger and longer compared to an average bull market," Madhav Dhar, Managing Partner, GTI Capital Group said in an interview with CNBC-TV18. "You need peak multiples on peak earnings for a big serious market top. We may be at a higher end of multiples but we are not even close to peak earnings. In fact, you could argue we are just off the bottom of the earnings cycle certainly in India," he said. So, my short answer is that we are in a raging bull market and it is going to be recognised as such over the next year or so. And as the old saying goes, bull markets climb a wall of worry, added Dhar. The current valuation does hint caution in the near term, but if investors are looking for an investment horizon of over three years then this is a market to be in because global liquidity remains strong, stable political climate, earnings are showing signs of recovery and renewed confidence of retail investors. For the last three years, the frontline Nifty index has seen hardly any earnings growth. In the last 18 months, the market saw PE expansion for Nifty largely on the back of lower interest rates and a pick-up in nominal growth. The next leg of the bull market will be led by earnings growth now. “We believe that the trend for the next 3 years is upwards. The next leg of the bull market will be driven by earnings growth as PE expansion based solely on the above to factors is approaching its fag end,” Sahil Kapoor, Chief Market Strategist, Edelweiss Broking Ltd told Moneycontrol. “When you invest with the horizon which is targeted towards wealth creation then pick up high-quality stocks and giving them ample time is the key. We are currently advising clients to stay invested but to review their portfolios for any black sheep,” he said. For the short-term gyrations and uncertain events, investors are advised to activity use options position to ride out volatile corrections and use these phases to take advantage and buy quality stocks on dips. We have collated a list of four stocks where different brokerages have initiated their coverage so far in the month of May. The target price is calculated based on last trading price as on May 8, 2017. The investment horizon is minimum 12-months: Indo Count Industries: BUY | Target Price Rs 286 | Return 40% Centrum initiates coverage on Indo Count Industries with a buy rating and a target price of Rs 286. Indo Count Industries Ltd (Indo Count) is one of India’s leading home textile manufacturing companies with a focus on the bedding segment. Indo Count’s focus on innovative and value added products lead to EBITDA margin expansion (20% in FY16 compared to 5% in FY12). It has been generating free cash flows and the asset-light model has helped in maintaining a healthy balance sheet position (Debt/equity 0.5x FY16). Indo Count is now looking at brand creation and expanding its geographic presence (in non-US and domestic markets). “We believe, focus on value-added products and better capacity utilization would help drive future business growth,” said the Centrum report. Currently, Indo Count trades at 10x P/E on the FY19E basis. Centrum initiates coverage on the stock with a buy rating and a target price of Rs286, valuing it at 14x its FY19E EPS. Future Retail: BUY | Target Rs 476 | Return 36% Nomura has initiated coverage on the stock with a buy rating and a target price of Rs 476. The company has brick-and-mortar stores with a strong presence through brands such as Big Bazaar, FBB and Easyday. The upside is over and above the 182 percent upmove the stock has had since August 2016. Analysts at the firm attribute this upside potential to its brand equity, possible scale benefits post restructuring, entry into newer formats and improving return ratios. Furthermore, it expects the company to be a key beneficiary of the growth of retail. “We expect the share of modern retail in India to reach 12 percent by FY20 (from 9 percent currently) and Future Retail will be a key beneficiary of the same. Within this, we expect the convenience store format to account for a larger share,” it said in its report. Navin Fluorine International: BUY | Target Price Rs 3,500 | Return 13% JM Financial initiates coverage on Navin Fluorine with a buy rating and a 12-month target price of Rs 3,500. Navin Fluorine (I) Ltd (NFIL) is one of India’s largest manufacturers of fluorochemicals with over five decades of experience in fluorination and a portfolio of more than 60 fluorinated products. “Further, NFIL is the only Indian fluorochemical company to provide end to-end services from early stage research to India’s first high pressure, cGMP compliant fluorination facility. This places NFIL is in a unique position to partner global companies,” said the JM Financial report. NFIL has focused on moving up the value chain thus also expanding margins. The brokerage firm initiates coverage on NFIL with a buy rating and a target price of Rs 3,500. The brokerage firm estimates FY17-19E earnings CAGR of 20 percent and value NFIL at 20x (1XPEG and DCF) FY19EPS of Rs 175. Merck Ltd: Accumulate | Target Price Rs 1,179 | Return 7% IDBI Capital initiates coverage on Merck Ltd with an Accumulate rating and a target price of Rs 1,179. Merck KGaA, the parent company of Merck India (EMER), headquartered in Darmstadt, Germany is one of the oldest pharmaceuticals and chemicals company which was founded in 1668 and got listed in 1981. “We expect the EMER’s pharmaceuticals portfolio to grow in-line with the industry growth on the back of its flagship brands (Evion, Livogen, Polybion, Nurobion, Nasivion and Seven Seas),” said the IDBI Capital report. We expect EMERs revenues/EBITDA/Adj. Net Profit to grow at a CAGR of 11.7%/23.3%/18.3% respectively over CY16-18E. However, with the rising ambiguity with regards to the NLEM lists, prescription guidelines, Demand Notices, we remain cautious on the stock in the near-term.Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions. tags #Market Edge #markets #stocks Related news Business Gold falls to eight-week low as safe-haven demand sags May 10, 2017 09:45 AM Business Nifty may likely test 9,500 levels; 5 stocks which can give up to 20% return May 10, 2017 08:40 AM Business For return-hungry investors in India, Warren Buffett’s advice on index funds might not work; here’s why May 10, 2017 08:02 AM Business What changed for market while you were sleeping: 12 things you should know May 10, 2017 07:42 AM Business S&P, Nasdaq hit record highs as volatility drops May 09, 2017 07:50 PM Business Trade Setup for Wednesday: Top 10 things you should know before Opening Bell May 09, 2017 07:41 PM Business Many midcaps turned multibaggers in last 1 year, but it is time to reduce exposure: Experts May 09, 2017 06:20 PM Business Tech View: Nifty forms bearish candle on charts; MACD in sell mode May 09, 2017 05:02 PM Business Closing Bell: Markets end on a flat note; IT & midcaps gain, PSU banks fall May 09, 2017 04:48 PM News Most Popular Top News Valuations look stretched in banking space; 5 stocks which could give up to 30% return Earnings growth to lead next leg of bull market; 4 stocks that can give up to 40% returns Delhi Assembly updates: EC pooh-poohs AAP claims on EVM hacking - as it happened New Listing: S Chand & Co debuts on D-Street with 3% gain at Rs 689 Sensex hits fresh record highs; 10 stocks to buy that can offer up to 20% returns For multibagger spotters Buffett’s advice on index funds may not work Market Live: Sensex, Nifty hold on to morning gains, midcaps outperform How true are AAP's claims of EVM hacking? Here's what we know so far see more Video of the day To reach 300 branches by Sep; focus on profitable growth: DCB Bank Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021 News provided by ReportBuyer 08 May, 2017, 20:33 ET Share this article LONDON, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Veterinary Vaccines Vaccines play a crucial role in protecting animals from a large spectrum of diseases caused due to virus, bacteria, protozoa, and other multicellular pathogens. The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to benefit from the growing concern over food safety. The dependency on livestock products like meat, milk, and other products is increasing, and the mortality rate associated with infection transmission from animals to humans through these products is alarming. These factors are driving the vendors to invest in R&D to improve and expand their product portfolios, thereby driving the market growth. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4886913/ Technavio's analysts forecast the global veterinary vaccines market to grow at a CAGR of 4.81% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global veterinary vaccines market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Technavio's report, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Elanco • Merck • Merial • Zoetis Other prominent vendors • Advaxis • AmpliPhi Biosciences • Aratana Therapeutics • ARKO Labs • Bayer • CanFel Therapeutics • Ceva Animal Health • Colorado Serum Company • Epitopix • Genus • Hygieia Biological Laboratories • ImmuCell • Nexvet • Nuovo Biologics • UBI • Valneva • Vetoquinol • Virbac Market driver • Dependency on livestock products. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Manufacturing and storage issues. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Robust R&D and improved product portfolio. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4886913/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-veterinary-vaccines-market-2017-2021-300453690.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com 08 May, 2017, 20:34 ET Preview: Industrial Rubber Products Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 08 May, 2017, 20:31 ET Preview: Moving Services Market in US 2017-2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09 May, 2017, 15:00 ET Asia-Pacific Construction Chemicals Market, Forecast to 2023 09 May, 2017, 15:00 ET Global Anxiety Partnering 2010 - 2017 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Animals & Pets You just read: Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021 News provided by ReportBuyer 08 May, 2017, 20:33 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 20,976 -36.50 -0.17% Nasdaq 6,121 +17.93 +0.29% S&P 500 2,397 -2.46 -0.10% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,726 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 5,394.10 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56 A.M. ET Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50 A.M. ET Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51 A.M. ET Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50 A.M. ET Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49 A.M. ET AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28 A.M. ET ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27 A.M. ET U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27 A.M. ET BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance 2:26 A.M. ET AXA revenue nearly flat as revenue misses views 2:25 A.M. ET French Insurer AXA plans to list shares in U.S. 2:24 A.M. ET Suez confirms outlook at revenue rises 2:24 A.M. ET ING net profit slips, but pretax profit up 39% 2:22 A.M. ET Ahold Delhaize net sales rise 65% in first quarter 2:22 A.M. ET Germany posts record current-account surplus 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices get respite from selling after encouraging signals on U.S. supply 1:16 A.M. ET China consumer inflation edged up in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021 By Published: May 8, 2017 8:33 p.m. ET Share LONDON, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Veterinary Vaccines Vaccines play a crucial role in protecting animals from a large spectrum of diseases caused due to virus, bacteria, protozoa, and other multicellular pathogens. The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to benefit from the growing concern over food safety. The dependency on livestock products like meat, milk, and other products is increasing, and the mortality rate associated with infection transmission from animals to humans through these products is alarming. These factors are driving the vendors to invest in R&D to improve and expand their product portfolios, thereby driving the market growth. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4886913/ Technavio's analysts forecast the global veterinary vaccines market to grow at a CAGR of 4.81% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global veterinary vaccines market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Technavio's report, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Elanco • Merck • Merial • Zoetis Other prominent vendors • Advaxis • AmpliPhi Biosciences • Aratana Therapeutics • ARKO Labs • Bayer • CanFel Therapeutics • Ceva Animal Health • Colorado Serum Company • Epitopix • Genus • Hygieia Biological Laboratories • ImmuCell • Nexvet • Nuovo Biologics • UBI • Valneva • Vetoquinol • Virbac Market driver • Dependency on livestock products. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Manufacturing and storage issues. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Robust R&D and improved product portfolio. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4886913/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-veterinary-vaccines-market-2017-2021-300453690.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Yelp plummets as advertisers revolt Dying man claims he just borrowed $325K to go all-in on bitcoin amid record highs More than 40% of Americans won’t date a person who has this one financial problem Rushing to pay back a large student loan? You may want to think again Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Top 5 Requests from Terminal Children and Adults Eyeing Disease Spread in Donor Corneas: Ophthalmology Times cme/ce PD-L1 Fuels RT Failure in Head and Neck Cancer Senate Confirms Gottlieb as FDA Commissioner iMedicalApps: Hoax App Delivers Fake HIV Dx LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Meeting Coverage Cures Come Quickly with HCV Combo Pooled analysis suggests eight weeks might be long enough for most early-stage patients MedpageToday savesaved by Michael Smith Michael Smith North American Correspondent, MedPage Today May 09, 2017 This article is a collaboration between MedPage Today® and: Action Points Note that this study was published as an abstract and presented at a conference. These data and conclusions should be considered to be preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed journal. CHICAGO -- An investigational drug combination was equally effective in all genotypes of hepatitis C (HCV), whether patients were treated for eight or 12 weeks, a researcher said here. In a pooled analysis from seven randomized controlled trials, the combination of glecaprevir and pibrentasvir cured 97% of those treated for eight weeks and 98% of those treated for 12 weeks, according to Stuart Gordon, MD, of the Henry Ford Health System in Detroit. Cure rates were similar regardless of the genotype of the virus, Gordon said at Digestive Disease Week. The drugs -- glecaprevir is an NS3/4A inhibitor and pibrentasvir is an NS5A inhibitor -- formulated into a single pill, although patients must take three of them, once a day. The combination is currently under priority review by the FDA and undergoing accelerated review by the European Medicines Agency. The combination has piqued interest both for its high efficacy rates and its ability to treat most patients without regard to the HCV subtype. At the recent International Liver Congress in Amsterdam, researchers reported 99% cure rates among cirrhotic patients with all genotypes except 3 after 12 weeks of therapy. And earlier research suggested treatment for cirrhotic genotype 3 patients might take longer but would still lead to equivalent cure rates. In the current analysis, Gordon reported that adverse events were few and mild, with only one event related to the study drugs among 1,193 patients in the intent-to-treat population. Four patients had breakthrough viremia while on treatment, 14 relapsed after the end of treatment, and 11 stopped therapy. The remaining patients were cured, defined as HCV RNA below the lower limit of quantification 12 weeks after the end of therapy -- the so-called SVR12, Gordon said. Importantly, there was little difference in cure rates based on duration of therapy, Gordon said, suggesting that -- at least in this population -- an eight-week course of medication will suffice. Analysis showed that few patients had resistance mutations to either NS3 or NS5 at baseline and fewer than 1% had both NS3 and NS5 resistance -- the only factor that predicted treatment failure. The bottom line is that that a short treatment course looks to be possible for just about every patient who hasn't developed cirrhosis, commented Richard Sterling, MD, of Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, Va., who was not part of the study but who moderated the session at which it was presented. "We're getting to the eight-week regimens," Sterling told MedPage Today, although that's really an "incremental" improvement over the 12-week treatment courses that are now pretty much standard. One advantage of the combination, he said, is that patients with HCV genotype 3 did well without the need to add ribavirin, as is sometimes the case with sofosbuvir/velpatasvir (Epclusa). And because very few relapses were associated with resistance mutations in the virus, it might be possible to avoid resistance testing, which adds expense to the treatment, he said, as well as time if test samples have to be sent to an off-site lab. The delay is not usually long, but "patients are anxious -- they want to get going," he said. The study had support from AbbVie. Gordon disclosed relationships with the company, as well as Gilead, Intercept, CVS-Caremark, UpToDate, and Merck. Sterling disclosed relationships with Salix, Bayer, ViiV, Baxter, Pfizer, AbbVie, Gilead, Merck, BMS, and Roche/Genentech. This activity is part of our Clinical Context curriculum in Hepatitis C 2017-05-09T11:30:00-0400 Primary Source Digestive Disease Week Source Reference: Puoti M, et al "High SVR rates with eight and twelve weeks of pangenotypic glecaprevir/pibrentasvir: Integrated efficacy analysis of genotype 1-6 patients without cirrhosis" DDW 2017; abstract 429. 0 comments More in Meeting Coverage Another JAK1 Inhibitor Performs Well in Crohn's Disease Flu Vax Protects Against Severe Illness in Children Vaccine Reduces HPV Prevalence in Teens, Young Adults More Opioids After C-Section = More Opioids at Home About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman BostonPremier Wealth Invests in Sales Enablement with Bigtincan BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Bigtincan (ASX:BTH), the mobile, AI-powered sales enablement platform leader, today announced that BostonPremier Wealth (BPW), a comprehensive wealth planning firm, has increased revenue and dramatically shortened its sales cycle with Bigtincan Hub. By taking advantage of the AI-powered sales enablement platform, which provides real-time access to up-to-date multimedia content and information, BPW maximizes time spent with clients and prospects, while maintaining a consistent brand image. Prior to implementing Bigtincan Hub, BPW found itself wasting valuable facetime with clients and prospects searching and surfing for the right content to share during consultations. Wading through its varied silos including Dropbox, which was serving as a central repository for the firm’s sales and marketing content, hindered the ability of advisors to deliver timely information. As BPW began updating its branding, it sought a way to replace its existing content silos and ensure that every employee had access to the most up-to-date information in real time, from any location. This would empower its advisors to maintain their focus on providing the objective, comprehensive advice the company is known for while also ensuring the delivery of a consistent brand message. BPW implemented Bigtincan Hub companywide in order to eliminate its varied silos and transform the effectiveness of its advisors. Bigtincan Hub provides a user-friendly, customizable interface that enables BPW to render and present content with impact, whether online or off. In addition to having instant access to the right information at the right time and more dynamic presentation capabilities, BPW advisors are also able to drive a consistent message of who BPW is across all platforms with all clients. Advisors can easily share follow-up materials directly from their device, rather than mailing it out upon their return to the office, an added value for clients and time saver for BPW. Bigtincan Hub also enables company-wide collaboration and sharing, enabling the newer advisors to gain insights on the content that more successful, experienced advisors are using to learn and improve their own outcomes. “With Bigtincan Hub, we’re able to stay ahead of our clients’ needs, providing them with the most impactful and relevant content available, via a slick, adaptable interface at the point of sale that reflects our brand’s look and feel,” said Mark Bossey, founding partner, BPW. “Since implementing Bigtincan’s sales enablement platform, we have decreased the time it takes to generate revenue dramatically while providing an easy-to-use tool that our entire staff relies on to do their jobs.” BPW is now using Bigtincan Hub with its more than 500 existing customers, including executives from leading brands like Johnson & Johnson and ThermoFisher, as well as prospects. Its employees access the Hub in and outside of the office across devices including desktops, iOS and Microsoft devices. “With Bigtincan Hub, BPW has been able to successfully consolidate all its sales and marketing materials into one easy-to-access location, saving them from wasting valuable time in front of clients and prospects trying to locate the right piece of content,” explained David Keane, co-founder and CEO of Bigtincan. “Instead, they have a tailored sales enablement platform that helps them be better advisors while projecting a consistent image to all.” About Bigtincan Bigtincan (ASX:BTH) helps sales and service teams increase win rates and customer satisfaction. The company’s mobile, AI-powered sales enablement platform features the industry’s premier user experience that empowers reps to more effectively engage with customers and prospects and encourages team-wide adoption. Leading brands including AT&T, ThermoFisher, Merck, ANZ Bank and others rely on Bigtincan to enhance sales productivity at every customer interaction. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, Bigtincan also has offices across EMEA, Australia and Asia. To discover more about how your organization can benefit from the Bigtincan Hub platform, please visit www.bigtincan.com or follow @bigtincan on Twitter. About BostonPremier Wealth BostonPremier Wealth, LLC (BPW) takes a comprehensive approach to developing strategies that address its clients’ financial goals and objectives using the most efficient methods available. As independent advisors, BPW helps clients build and maintain wealth through a long-term relationship based on trust, prudent advice, open communication and excellent service. To learn more, please visit http://www.bostonpremierwealth.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious C3 IoT Announces Record Fiscal Year 2017 Results Next PostNext Mariana Resources Ltd : Further High Grade Gold-Copper Mineralisation Reported from Infill and Extension Drilling at the Hot Maden Project Search Recent Posts Amazon Selects Finalists to Compete at the Amazon Robotics Challenge Event in Japan This Summer Chesswood Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Grenville Strategic Royalty Announces $1,500,000 Royalty Agreement with ConnectAndSell, Inc. Peyto Announces Q1 2017 Results and Expands Brazeau Core Area Aberdeen Acquires Securities in Fura Gems Inc. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
BostonPremier Wealth Invests in Sales Enablement with Bigtincan AI-Powered Sales Enablement Platform Empowers Wealth Planning Firm to Optimize Customer Service, Reduce Sales Cycles and Improve Advisor Efficiency Through Intelligent, Dynamic Content Delivery May 09, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bigtincan (ASX:BTH), the mobile, AI-powered sales enablement platform leader, today announced that BostonPremier Wealth (BPW), a comprehensive wealth planning firm, has increased revenue and dramatically shortened its sales cycle with Bigtincan Hub. By taking advantage of the AI-powered sales enablement platform, which provides real-time access to up-to-date multimedia content and information, BPW maximizes time spent with clients and prospects, while maintaining a consistent brand image. Prior to implementing Bigtincan Hub, BPW found itself wasting valuable facetime with clients and prospects searching and surfing for the right content to share during consultations. Wading through its varied silos including Dropbox, which was serving as a central repository for the firm’s sales and marketing content, hindered the ability of advisors to deliver timely information. As BPW began updating its branding, it sought a way to replace its existing content silos and ensure that every employee had access to the most up-to-date information in real time, from any location. This would empower its advisors to maintain their focus on providing the objective, comprehensive advice the company is known for while also ensuring the delivery of a consistent brand message. BPW implemented Bigtincan Hub companywide in order to eliminate its varied silos and transform the effectiveness of its advisors. Bigtincan Hub provides a user-friendly, customizable interface that enables BPW to render and present content with impact, whether online or off. In addition to having instant access to the right information at the right time and more dynamic presentation capabilities, BPW advisors are also able to drive a consistent message of who BPW is across all platforms with all clients. Advisors can easily share follow-up materials directly from their device, rather than mailing it out upon their return to the office, an added value for clients and time saver for BPW. Bigtincan Hub also enables company-wide collaboration and sharing, enabling the newer advisors to gain insights on the content that more successful, experienced advisors are using to learn and improve their own outcomes. “With Bigtincan Hub, we’re able to stay ahead of our clients’ needs, providing them with the most impactful and relevant content available, via a slick, adaptable interface at the point of sale that reflects our brand’s look and feel,” said Mark Bossey, founding partner, BPW. “Since implementing Bigtincan’s sales enablement platform, we have decreased the time it takes to generate revenue dramatically while providing an easy-to-use tool that our entire staff relies on to do their jobs.” BPW is now using Bigtincan Hub with its more than 500 existing customers, including executives from leading brands like Johnson & Johnson and ThermoFisher, as well as prospects. Its employees access the Hub in and outside of the office across devices including desktops, iOS and Microsoft devices. “With Bigtincan Hub, BPW has been able to successfully consolidate all its sales and marketing materials into one easy-to-access location, saving them from wasting valuable time in front of clients and prospects trying to locate the right piece of content,” explained David Keane, co-founder and CEO of Bigtincan. “Instead, they have a tailored sales enablement platform that helps them be better advisors while projecting a consistent image to all.” About Bigtincan Bigtincan (ASX:BTH) helps sales and service teams increase win rates and customer satisfaction. The company’s mobile, AI-powered sales enablement platform features the industry’s premier user experience that empowers reps to more effectively engage with customers and prospects and encourages team-wide adoption. Leading brands including AT&T, ThermoFisher, Merck, ANZ Bank and others rely on Bigtincan to enhance sales productivity at every customer interaction. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, Bigtincan also has offices across EMEA, Australia and Asia. To discover more about how your organization can benefit from the Bigtincan Hub platform, please visit www.bigtincan.com or follow @bigtincan on Twitter. About BostonPremier Wealth BostonPremier Wealth, LLC (BPW) takes a comprehensive approach to developing strategies that address its clients’ financial goals and objectives using the most efficient methods available. As independent advisors, BPW helps clients build and maintain wealth through a long-term relationship based on trust, prudent advice, open communication and excellent service. To learn more, please visit http://www.bostonpremierwealth.com. Contacts Media Contact fama PR on behalf of Bigtincan Kate Thermansen, 617-986-5006 bigtincan@famapr.com Release Summary Wealth planning firm BostonPremier Wealth (BPW) has increased revenue and dramatically shortened its sales cycle with Bigtincan's AI-powered sales enablement platform, Bigtincan Hub. #Hashtags #Bigtincan #BostonPremierWealth #sales #AIpoweredsalesenablement #BigtincanHub #SalesEnablement Contacts Media Contact fama PR on behalf of Bigtincan Kate Thermansen, 617-986-5006 bigtincan@famapr.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Prophylactic Hepatitis B Virus Vaccines Market to Register a Stout Growth by 2024 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Hepatitis B virus (HBV) is disease related to the liver. Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection results in deaths due to liver cancer and liver failure. The hepatitis B vaccine is available for all age groups to prevent HBV infection. The disease is caused due to transmission of Hepatitis B virus (HBV) through contact with body fluids, blood and semen of an infected person. Hepatitis B disease can cause acute and later may turn to chronic disease if not treated at early stage. In 2015, WHO estimated that 240 Mn people are infected with chronic hepatitis B virus. Every year more than 780,000 deaths occur due to complexity of hepatitis B viral infection. This infection caused by chronic hepatitis B virus develops fulminant hepatitis B (autoimmune disorder), liver cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma (liver cancer), liver failure which can be treated by a liver transplant. The Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization (GAVI) provides direction and support to prevent transmission through vaccination. However, there is a significant decrease in incidence of hepatitis B virus infection after introduction of hepatitis B vaccine. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/10571 The prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market is expected to grow remarkably during the forecast period due to increasing prevalence and incidence of hepatitis B infection, increasing public awareness (Patient Education Programs), government initiatives for promotion and creating awareness about prophylactic hepatitis B vaccines. However, factors such as side effects of the vaccine, high costs incurred during research and development and macro-economic factors like stringent regulations can affect the market adversely. The global prophylactic hepatitis b virus vaccines market is classified on the basis of end use and geography. Ever since 1982, vaccines were available for prevention of hepatitis B viral infections and currently more than 1 Bn doses of HBV vaccines have been distributed worldwide. The WHO recommends that all infants should receive the hepatitis B vaccine within 24 hours of birth. Thus, increase in the population base in APAC is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of global prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market. Geographically, the global prophylactic hepatitis b virus vaccines market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the global prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market followed by APAC and Europe. According to WHO, globally more than 240 Mn people suffer from chronic hepatitis B viral infection and about 780,000 people die every year due to consequences related with HBV infection. Of these majority of people belong to developing nations of APAC, Latin America and Africa. The prevalence is considerably low in countries with high level of living standards such as the U.S., Canada, U.K., France, Germany, Italy and Spain. Request to View Tables of Content @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/10571 Some of the major players operating in the market for prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines are Merck & Co, Inc., Sanofi Pasteur, Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline to name a few. Vaccine market is an oligopolistic market in which the major players such as GlaxoSmithKline, Merck & Co, Inc. and Sanofi Pasteur are using cost leadership and differentiating strategy. The strategy of the major companies in the global prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market is to cut down the prices owing to the increased demand. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RevConnect 2017 Conference Next PostNext 2017 Minimizer Bandit Big Rig Series Race Season Delivering Significant Trucking Industry Exposure Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Prophylactic Hepatitis B Virus Vaccines Market to Register a Stout Growth by 2024 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Hepatitis B virus (HBV) is disease related to the liver. Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection results in deaths due to liver cancer and liver failure. The hepatitis B vaccine is available for all age groups to prevent HBV infection. The disease is caused due to transmission of Hepatitis B virus (HBV) through contact with body fluids, blood and semen of an infected person. Hepatitis B disease can cause acute and later may turn to chronic disease if not treated at early stage. In 2015, WHO estimated that 240 Mn people are infected with chronic hepatitis B virus. Every year more than 780,000 deaths occur due to complexity of hepatitis B viral infection. This infection caused by chronic hepatitis B virus develops fulminant hepatitis B (autoimmune disorder), liver cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma (liver cancer), liver failure which can be treated by a liver transplant. The Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization (GAVI) provides direction and support to prevent transmission through vaccination. However, there is a significant decrease in incidence of hepatitis B virus infection after introduction of hepatitis B vaccine. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/10571 The prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market is expected to grow remarkably during the forecast period due to increasing prevalence and incidence of hepatitis B infection, increasing public awareness (Patient Education Programs), government initiatives for promotion and creating awareness about prophylactic hepatitis B vaccines. However, factors such as side effects of the vaccine, high costs incurred during research and development and macro-economic factors like stringent regulations can affect the market adversely. The global prophylactic hepatitis b virus vaccines market is classified on the basis of end use and geography. Ever since 1982, vaccines were available for prevention of hepatitis B viral infections and currently more than 1 Bn doses of HBV vaccines have been distributed worldwide. The WHO recommends that all infants should receive the hepatitis B vaccine within 24 hours of birth. Thus, increase in the population base in APAC is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of global prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market. Geographically, the global prophylactic hepatitis b virus vaccines market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the global prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market followed by APAC and Europe. According to WHO, globally more than 240 Mn people suffer from chronic hepatitis B viral infection and about 780,000 people die every year due to consequences related with HBV infection. Of these majority of people belong to developing nations of APAC, Latin America and Africa. The prevalence is considerably low in countries with high level of living standards such as the U.S., Canada, U.K., France, Germany, Italy and Spain. Request to View Tables of Content @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/10571 Some of the major players operating in the market for prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines are Merck & Co, Inc., Sanofi Pasteur, Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline to name a few. Vaccine market is an oligopolistic market in which the major players such as GlaxoSmithKline, Merck & Co, Inc. and Sanofi Pasteur are using cost leadership and differentiating strategy. The strategy of the major companies in the global prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market is to cut down the prices owing to the increased demand. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RevConnect 2017 Conference Next PostNext 2017 Minimizer Bandit Big Rig Series Race Season Delivering Significant Trucking Industry Exposure Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Prophylactic Hepatitis B Virus Vaccines Market to Register a Stout Growth by 2024 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/09/2017 — Hepatitis B virus (HBV) is disease related to the liver. Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection results in deaths due to liver cancer and liver failure. The hepatitis B vaccine is available for all age groups to prevent HBV infection. The disease is caused due to transmission of Hepatitis B virus (HBV) through contact with body fluids, blood and semen of an infected person. Hepatitis B disease can cause acute and later may turn to chronic disease if not treated at early stage. In 2015, WHO estimated that 240 Mn people are infected with chronic hepatitis B virus. Every year more than 780,000 deaths occur due to complexity of hepatitis B viral infection. This infection caused by chronic hepatitis B virus develops fulminant hepatitis B (autoimmune disorder), liver cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma (liver cancer), liver failure which can be treated by a liver transplant. The Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization (GAVI) provides direction and support to prevent transmission through vaccination. However, there is a significant decrease in incidence of hepatitis B virus infection after introduction of hepatitis B vaccine. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/10571 The prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market is expected to grow remarkably during the forecast period due to increasing prevalence and incidence of hepatitis B infection, increasing public awareness (Patient Education Programs), government initiatives for promotion and creating awareness about prophylactic hepatitis B vaccines. However, factors such as side effects of the vaccine, high costs incurred during research and development and macro-economic factors like stringent regulations can affect the market adversely. The global prophylactic hepatitis b virus vaccines market is classified on the basis of end use and geography. Ever since 1982, vaccines were available for prevention of hepatitis B viral infections and currently more than 1 Bn doses of HBV vaccines have been distributed worldwide. The WHO recommends that all infants should receive the hepatitis B vaccine within 24 hours of birth. Thus, increase in the population base in APAC is expected to contribute significantly to the growth of global prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market. Geographically, the global prophylactic hepatitis b virus vaccines market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the global prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market followed by APAC and Europe. According to WHO, globally more than 240 Mn people suffer from chronic hepatitis B viral infection and about 780,000 people die every year due to consequences related with HBV infection. Of these majority of people belong to developing nations of APAC, Latin America and Africa. The prevalence is considerably low in countries with high level of living standards such as the U.S., Canada, U.K., France, Germany, Italy and Spain. Request to View Tables of Content @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/10571 Some of the major players operating in the market for prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines are Merck & Co, Inc., Sanofi Pasteur, Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline to name a few. Vaccine market is an oligopolistic market in which the major players such as GlaxoSmithKline, Merck & Co, Inc. and Sanofi Pasteur are using cost leadership and differentiating strategy. The strategy of the major companies in the global prophylactic hepatitis B virus vaccines market is to cut down the prices owing to the increased demand. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RevConnect 2017 Conference Next PostNext 2017 Minimizer Bandit Big Rig Series Race Season Delivering Significant Trucking Industry Exposure Search Recent Posts US Travel Companies Need a Long-Term Perspective to Capitalize on Cuba 2017 to 2022 Global Gas Permeable Lens Market Research Analysis Report Interview with Kieran Gilbert, SKY News Empowering Local Citizens in Lao PDR for Better Development U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for May 10: Slipping the Surly Bonds RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dental Caries Market to register a healthy CAGR for the forecast period, 2016-2026 The scientific term dental caries is known for the tooth decay or cavities. Tooth decays are generally caused by the specific endogenous bacteria such as Streptococcus mutans and Streptococcus sobrinus. It occurs by the production of acid that later destroys the layer and enamel of the tooth. The bacteria continues to grow to produce acid that gets into the inner layer of the tooth if the decay is not removed on time. In the U.S, approximately 90% of young adults have dental caries, while out of all dentate adults approximately 94% suffer from coronal caries. According to the estimation of WHO, on a global basis, 200,335,280 teeth were either decayed, filled or missing among just that age group Factors contributing in the growth of Dental Caries Market are increased proportion of sugar based medication and existing life style factors. Additionally the increasing population in the Asia Pacific region is also the major factor to drive the growth of global dental caries market. However, according to WHO, it was observed that the cases with dental caries are declining due to the number of public health measures and improved self-care practices in the developed countries. These are the major restraints for the dental caries market. The increase in caries commonly occurs in the children, lower socio economic group and the new immigrants. Request For Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1416 The global market for dental caries is segmented on basis of types, treatment and regional presence: By Treatment Chemoprophylactic Agents Antimicrobial Peptides Vaccines Expectorants Probiotics and Replacement Therapy Oral Corticosteroids By End User Hospitals Dental Clinics With increasing base of dental caries prevalence, the dental caries market is expected to witness remarkable growth during the forecast period (2016-2024). The antimicrobial peptides are expected to hold maximum share in the overall treatment market for the dental caries owing to its high effectiveness. The chemoprophylactic agents includes antibiotics such as penicillin and vancomycin. New technologies that are evolving in the market such as mineral-binding micellar drug delivery system are developed which binds to the tooth surface and releases the encapsulated drug. The investment of companies in developing such technologies are also expected to contribute maximum share in the dental caries market during the forecast period. On the basis of regional presence, Dental Caries Market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Currently, North America dominates the global market for Dental Caries due to high prevalence rate of dental caries, followed by Europe. According to WHO, 90% people are diagnosed with dental caries in North America. However factors such as lack of knowledge and lack of awareness among people about the prevention will hamper the market growth in regions like Asia-pacific. Visit For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1416 Dental Caries Market: Key Market Players: Some of the key market players in the manufacturing of the treatment products for dental caries includes Sanofi, Abbott Laboratories, Bayer AG, Eli Lilly And Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck & Co, Inc., AstraZeneca Plc., Reddys Lab, and Novartis AG. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Top 100 Distributors of IVD Reagents, Instruments & Accessories: These companies partner with leading manufacturers and sell their products to hospitals and laboratories right across Europe: Albania, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia & Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus and many more… Next PostNext Museum of Wisconsin Art Announces Unprecedented Summer of Fashion Search Recent Posts High Performance Pickup Truck Market – Global Industry Analysis 2021 4 Top-Ranked Franklin Templeton Mutual Funds for Best Returns Time to Buy Fidelity Select Energy Service Portfolio Fund (FSESX) Look at Principal SAM Conservative Growth J Fund (PCGJX) Focus on Fidelity Large Cap Core Enhanced Index Fund (FLCEX) RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: May 10, 2017, 9:04 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market Value to Reach US$1543.9 mn by 2024 Expand at 7.6% CAGR The global bovine respiratory disease treatment market will exhibit a promising 7.6% CAGR from 2016 through 2024. At this rate, the global bovine respiratory disease treatment market, which had a valuation of US$805.9 mn in 2015 is projected to reach US$1,543.9 mn by 2024 Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market PR-Inside.com: 2017-05-09 13:36:02 Global Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market: Snapshot Bovine respiratory disease (BRD) is a commonly occurring respiratory disorder among cattle, which may result from a single or a number of factors combined. The disease has been gaining much attention of late as it significantly impacts the global beef industry. As a result, the prevention as well as treatment of bovine respiratory disease is necessary in order to mitigate its impact on animal production and the overall beef industry. This exhaustive report includes 12 data tables and 25 figures to give readers a 360° view of the Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market. Browse through this 165-page report to know what factors will shape the market by 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/bovine-respiratory-disease-tr .. The bovine respiratory disease treatment market is projected to expand at a strong pace in terms of revenue in the coming years, thanks to rising consumption of animal protein among the human population, increasing cattle population, and a number of environmental factors. Transparency Market Research finds that the global market for bovine respiratory disease treatment will grow from US$805.9 mn in 2015 to US$1543.9 mn by 2024, and projected to expand at a CAGR of 7.6% therein. Veterinary Hospitals Account for Dominant Share in Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market By way of disease type, upper respiratory tract infections held the leading share in the global bovine respiratory disease treatment market in terms of revenue in 2015. The key causative agents of upper respiratory tract infections include infectious m.haemolytica, bovine rhinotracheitis, and type 1 bovine herpesvirus. Diphtheria and lower respiratory tract infection, or pneumonia, also accounted for a prominent share that year. Based on distribution channel, the global bovine respiratory disease treatment market includes veterinary clinics, veterinary hospitals, veterinary research institutes, and private veterinary pharmacies. Veterinary hospitals dominated the market in 2015 in terms of revenue owing to factors such as increasing population of bovine, which is likely to increase the chances of respiratory diseases among cattle. Moreover, since most of the procedures are carried out in veterinary hospitals, this segment will continue to gain much traction. Also exhibiting strong potential during the course of the forecast period is the private veterinary pharmacies segment, which is projected to register a significant CAGR through 2024, especially in most of the emerging parts of the world. In addition to this segment, the veterinary research institutes and veterinary clinics segments will also grow steadily. Powered by U.S., North America Leads Global Market From a geographical point of view, the bovine respiratory disease treatment market has been segmented into: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa. North America accounts for a major share in the global market, of which around 90% is held by the U.S. alone. The bovine respiratory disease treatment market in the U.S. is propelled by the rising domestic production, consumption, and export of bovine meat. Europe has also been a major contributor to this market and is fueled by the growing prevalence of several causative agents for respiratory diseases among bovines, rapidly changing environmental factors, and expanding cattle population, which is driven by the rising demand for better quality bovine meat and products. Asia Pacific is likely to emerge as a highly lucrative market for bovine respiratory disease treatment as it is the leading producer of bovine livestock. The market in Asia Pacific is projected to expand at a CAGR of 8.2% from 2016 to 2024, with the demand for bovine respiratory disease treatment products significantly high in China, India, and Australia. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market by 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_ .. Bayer AG, Elanco, Vetoquinol, Merial, Zoetis Services LLC, Ceva, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Merck & Co., Inc., Bimeda Animal Health, and Virbac Group are some of the top companies in this space. Despite the fact that there are a large number of players operating in the global bovine respiratory disease treatment market, the vendor landscape is highly consolidated and this has resulted in a high degree of competition. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Press Information Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing +1-518-618-1030 email www.transparencymarketresearch.com/bovine-respiratory-disease-tr .. # 743 Words Related Articles More From The Author Pet Wearable Market : New Vendors Need [..] The global pet wearable market features players such as DeLaval Inc., Nedap N.V., Whistle Labs Inc., Loc8tor Ltd., PetPace Ltd., [..] Hemodynamic Monitoring Devices Market - Global Industry [..] Cardiovascular disorders are commonly observed in variable age group, which makes it necessary to see early detection and management [..] Europe Molecular Diagnostic Market is Projected to [..] According to a new market report published by Transparency Market Research “Molecular Diagnostic Market for Group A Streptococcus (GAS) [..] Colon Carcinoma Therapeutics Market - Global Industry [..] Colon carcinoma is one of the most commonly occurring cancer type around the globe, it is usually developed in parts [..] Hydraulic Fracturing by Alternative Fluids Market Growth [..] The rise in demand for energy and decline in oil and gas production from depleting conventional reserves have forced the [..]   More From Health Novotech signs MOU with South Korea's leading [..] SYDNEY, Australia and SEOUL, Korea - (ACN Newswire) - Asia Pacific specialist CRO Novotech announced today it has signed a [..] Digital Media & Commerce Company WellSeeker Announces [..] Digital media and commerce company, WellSeeker announced their official launch today. The wellness and self-care focused brand’s [..] Ultrasounds can decrease bone density Prolonged prenatal ultrasound exposure leads to decreased bone density and strength in young rabbits. Selangor, Malaysia, Mar [..] Frost & Sullivan independent industry report identifies [..] PERTH, W. AUSTRALIA, Mar 28, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd (PILL; ASX:PIQ) is the leader in [..] New dynamics in monitoring diagnostics in leukemia Dresden/Germany Diagnosis leukemia and stem cell transplantation The diagnosis "leukemia" for patients means to undergo [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Outlook for Menopausal Hot Flashes Market By Key Trends and Analysis 2023 The global menopausal hot flashes market was recorded at US$3.8 bn in 2014. It is progressing at a CAGR of 3.70% within a forecast period from 2015 to 2023, and will reach US$5.3 bn by the end of 2023, according to a research report released by Transparency Market Research. The report, titled “Menopausal Hot Flashes Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2023,” encapsulates the key drivers, restraints, and trends regarding the treatments for menopausal hot flashes in the coming years. Hot flashes, also known as hot flushes, can be described as a rapid sensation of heat within the body. It is accompanied by a blushed red face and sweating. They occur during or immediately before menopause and can be repetitive. More than two-thirds of the women in North America are affected by hot flashes during perimenopause. Hot flashes are caused by the dilation of blood vessels close to the skin. Some women also experience chills and a sudden increase in the heart rate. The exact cause of hot flashes is not yet fully understood. The intensity of a hot flash varies from woman to woman. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/menopausal-hot-flashes… The report segments the global menopausal hot flashes market in terms of therapy type, pipeline drug, and geography. On the basis of therapy type, the global menopausal hot flashes market is segmented into hormonal and non-hormonal therapies. The two most common hormones used to treat menopausal hot flashes are progesterone and estrogen, of which the market is led by estrogen. It held the largest share in the market in 2014 in terms of volume of prescription and revenue generated. It is considered to be the most effective way to treat hot flashes and no other treatment has come close to it in terms of effectiveness. Despite this, non-estrogen treatments are expected to show a decent growth rate. They are almost 70% effective when compared to estrogen treatments and are showing an increase in demand over time. Geographically speaking, the report puts North America as the dominant region in the global menopausal hot flashes market for 2014, followed closely by Europe. The high growth rate of this market in both regions is owed to the larger percentage of older women in the overall population, since they are also capable of purchasing treatment options for hot flashes. The growth of these two regions in the near future can come from the increasing demand for non-hormonal drugs. At the same time, the report expects Asia Pacific to show the fastest growth rate in the global menopausal hot flashes market for the given forecast period, owing to its rapidly increasing population density, the increasing number of individuals with a high disposable income, and higher healthcare expenditure and growing knowledge of women’s health issues. Similar growth rates can be seen in the Rest of the World segment. For instance, nearly 32% of the 30 mn women in Brazil are currently aged between 30 and 65 years. This provides a large enough opportunity for the global menopausal hot flashes market to grow in these regions. In terms of the competitive landscape, the global menopausal hot flashes market is a highly fragmented one. A large portion of the market is taken up by small and mid-sized companies that produce generic treatment options. Nearly 44.50% of the global menopausal hot flashes market was occupied by only a few dominant players in 2014. These key players include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Pfizer, Inc., Novo Nordisk Corporation, Novartis International AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical Co., Inc., Bayer AG, and Allergan plc. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious North America Atomizing Copper Powder Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2022 Next PostNext Drug Discovery Informatics Global Market to Reach $6.94 Billion by 2022 Search Recent Posts Empowering Local Citizens in Lao PDR for Better Development Global Automotive Electric Power Steering Systems Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson, former NMSU Regent Laree Perez to receive honorary degrees Sales Data Analysis: Global BioControl Agents Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Investigation for investors who purchased shares of Avinger Inc (NASDAQ:AVGR) announced RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
