GR Edition US Edition Subscribe Login Sunday, March 26, 2017 | Week's Newspaper | NY 39 F | Αθήνα 68 F | EUR → USD 1.08 Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive Dr. George Yancopoulos, Parade Grand Marshal, Talks to TNH Staffn March 25, 2017 Dr. George Yancopoulos in the lab. NEW YORK – Dr. George Yancopoulos, President and Chief scientific officer of the pharmaceutical company Regeneron, is the Grand Marshal for the Greek Independence Parade on March 26 in New York. One of the leading scientists and the head of one of the largest pharmaceutical companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Dr. Yancopoulos, spoke with The National Herald about his life and work and the full circle moment of being selected as Grand Marshal. His achievements have honored and continue to honor the Greek community. The American-born Yancopoulos grew up in Woodside. He was class valedictorian at both the Bronx High School of Science and Columbia University, and earned MD and PhD degrees in 1987 from Columbia’s College of Physicians & Surgeons. Yancopoulos worked in the field of molecular immunology at Columbia with Dr. Fred Alt and received the Lucille P. Markey Scholar Award for his efforts. In 1989, he left his academic career and became the founding scientist for Regeneron with Leonard Schleifer (to whom he refers as “Len” throughout the interview). Among his honors, Yancopoulos was awarded Columbia’s Stevens Triennial Prize for Research and its University Medal of Excellence for Distinguished Achievement. In 2004, he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. His father was not, however, very enthusiastic about his choice to become a scientist, as he explained to TNH. GY: My father was very unhappy because he knew scientists didn’t make very much money and he wanted me to become a conventional doctor. Back then being a doctor was a great job and you could make money…The family had been destroyed by two wars in Greece and so we were pretty poor, he never finished his education because he went into the army, so he wanted his son to succeed and it was all about education. So he pushed education and he pushed education so much, he didn’t realize you push, and then you want to become an academic, you want to become a scientist, and a couple of days later he comes to me, he had cut out an article from the Ethnikos Kyrix, the Greek newspaper because he only read the Greek newspaper, about Roy Vagelos leaving academia to go become head of research at Merck. His curiosity and genius made Dr. George Yancopoulos a success. My father said to me, so if you want to become a scientist, don’t become any scientist, at least become like this scientist, become like Roy Vagelos and Roy was a big hero in the Greek community and still is. You may not know this, but he really built Merck to what it became, Merck was the most admired company for ten years in a row and he was the most admired CEO in the world for ten years in a row, and this was all documented in the Greek paper, and my father kept cutting out the articles. He cut them all out and said “this is the guy you want to be like.” Roy wasn’t only my hero, he was everybody’s hero, so even when we started the company, my partner, Len, he also of course, we all wanted to be like Roy, and we all thought Roy was the greatest. In the early days of Regeneron, when we were very small and there were only ten people and so forth, my dad knew Len very well and he was always coming over, there was a much different environment if you can imagine because we were a small operation and my father would come by and he would give us a hard time all the time and he would say to us “you guys don’t know what you’re doing, what you should do is call up this guy Roy Vagelos and he’ll want to help a young Greek guy like George.” So my dad was saying that all the time and Len would get annoyed, he wouldn’t get really annoyed, but he would joke around and I still remember, he would say “Mr. Yancopoulos, you’re going to have to stop, otherwise I’m going to have to call security and have you removed from the premises”; he was joking. So anyway, a few years go by and I’ll never forget it, I was sitting in Len’s office so we had some calamity, and luckily for me I had Len so I never worried about things, and he’s not panicking but he’s very concerned, [and says] “you know George, maybe we’re not quite as smart as we think we are and maybe we’re not quite ready to be the next Roy Vagelos neither of us together, maybe we should call up the real Roy Vagelos and see whether he might come and help us out, figure it out for us.”[I said ] you’re sounding like my dad and sure enough right then and there, he called, this was in the early to mid-90s and you had to call information. I remember him calling, finding out what the area code for Raleigh, NJ which is where Merck headquarters were and he dialed and asked for the chairman’s office at Merck Pharmaceuticals and you know Roy didn’t pick up but he left a message and I said Len, you know we’re never going to hear back and sure enough a week later he comes to me and says “George, Roy called back,” and anyway, the rest is history. So my dad made Roy my hero from the age of 15 and I am still trying to, though there is no way you can catch up to Roy, he is just still the most amazing human being of all time. Roy is just the most incredible on so many levels, he may very well be… the best human being I know.” TNH: You know, we are interviewing you to give our children and grandchildren another hero to follow. We congratulate you as the Grand Marshal of this year’s Greek Independence Parade, commemorating 196 years of freedom and to honor you as the person of the week for our Periodiko, dedicated to the leaders of the community. Your experience is inspiring. You’re here at Regeneron 28 years, you have arrived, and you have built an empire. GY: Well, it’s amazing to me, but I was just a typical Greek kid from the Woodside-Astoria area and you know I was raised on the songs about [the Greek War of Independence], it’s so close the timing of Greeks in terms of their subjugation under the Turks, and my part of Greece wasn’t freed until the early 1900s, so all four of my grandparents were actually born under Turkish subjugation, some people call them slaves and the songs I was raised on were the songs of slavery or subjugation and I sang these songs, Feggaraki mou Lambro and Mavrin H Nyxta Sta Vouna. One song is about the children under Turkish rule and they’re not allowed to learn Greek and so forth, so at night lit by the moon they would go to secret schools in caves to learn and keep up the Greek because the Greeks were enslaved by the Turks for over 400 years and they maintained their Greekness, believe it or not, for that whole period of time, it’s one of the longest, maybe the longest periods when one group of people were enslaved and rose up and maintained their identity after all that period of time and how did they do it? By these secret schools and among other things. And the other song, Mavrin H Nyxta sta Vouna, which was my favorite. and I remember being on my bed when I was like four years old and making believe, so it’s about Greeks fighting the Turks and my town and my area is from the mountains where it was very real to me, where they were on the mountains fighting with the Turks with swords. My town is called Kastoria. So it was all very real to me and all four of my grandparents had their stories about this and so it was with a lot of pride that you get dressed as a freedom fighter and you go to the parade when you’re a kid, and you have your sword and you’re playing with your friends. So, it is amazingly full circle 50 years later to be the Grand Marshall of this parade that I was marching in as a tsolia 50 plus years ago. It’s sort of amazing but the history is so close, all four of my grandparents. And my grandfather, which is a phenomenal story he was a freedom fighter against the Turks and the Bulgarians in the late 1800s he was born in 1883 and he was sentenced to die and he escaped and he had no education so at the time, there was no education and somehow he got to Vienna, Austria. So think about this, he’s growing up in the late 1800s, he was born in 1883, so let’s say this is the late 1890s and he is in Vienna and sees electric lights for the first time because in Greece obviously, he had never seen it. He told me this story when I was a very little boy, he sees electric light and thought it was magic and was so fascinated by it that he decided he was going to devote his life to this magical miracle of these electric lights. He had no education, he had a job at the famous Vienna Opera House cleaning the floors, sweeping the floors and he would save the little librettos, the little books that would have the text in German and he taught himself how to read German, and he somehow, we still don’t know all the details, I have his diploma. Dr. George Yancopoulos in the lab. This is an amazing story by the way, so [back to] Roy Vagelos. So I want to be like Roy Vagelos, everyone wants to be like Roy Vagelos and there’s so many parallels I draw but you can’t make this stuff up. He got a bunch of Greeks including me and Michael Jaharis to donate to Columbia Medical Center to build this beautiful new building, the Vagelos Building, which is a spectacular building, anyway, and he gave the opening address at the building, the most incredible talk. He talked about his roots and where he came from, and one of the most amazing things that he said was that his parents were raised in war and they had nothing and they had to come over in the early 1900s as immigrants from the turmoil that was going on then, because they’re actually from around Constantinople and probably Smyrna and they somehow got displaced and they came over here but the previous generation, his grandfather, had been educated and about the only thing they brought with them was his grandfather’s diploma and the amazing thing is that my grandfather somehow got to university and became an electrical engineer in Austria and about the only thing that my family brought over when they came in the late 1950s from Greece was his diploma. I have his diploma on my wall and I have his name, you know Greeks name the first grandson after the grandfather, so his name is George Damis Damianos Yancopoulos and it’s the same name and I have a diploma from this university in Austria from the early 1900s with my name on it, and he became an electrical engineer, and he went back to Greece. First, he went to Asia Minor and he built two of the first power plants in all of Greece in Smyrna which got destroyed in the Catastrophe of Smyrna, then he eventually moved around and he had a partnership with an Egyptian Jew and they built something like the first 15 power plants in all of Greece. Then, full circle, my father was born into a family that was actually quite wealthy, but then the Germans came and they took over all the power plants and somehow because he wasn’t willing to collaborate or whatever, they put my grandfather in jail and my father who was 15 at the time joined the army and became a freedom fighter. So, it basically came full circle. His father starts out with nothing, becomes very rich, builds an empire, has all these power plants, is left with nothing. My father now pretty much at the same age is now a freedom fighter and first against the Nazis and then against the Communists and so then he comes to America and raises me. So I tell my kids, they’ve got to be prepared there’s probably going to be a great collapse, they’re going to turn into freedom fighters and have to start from the beginning themselves because it’s all cyclical… you can’t make this up. My mother, Vasiliki was also from Kastoria. She died last summer, at 91. I have a sister, Sophia, she was also pushed into a lot of education. She’s the smart one. She has a PhD in theoretical astrophysics from Columbia, and was actually in the same group with [famed astrophysicist and director of the Hayden Planetarium] Neil deGrasse Tyson. I went to high school with him, and my sister got her PhD with him. TNH: Do your children also want to pursue careers in science? GY: I have 4 kids, Ourania, Damis, Louka, and Demetra, ages 23, 21, 19, and 16 and well, unbelievably enough, they may all end up, and it was not sort of expected, they might all end up being scientists and engineers, though it didn’t start that way. My oldest daughter is already famous by the way, because she identified some big controversy at the UN that they were covering up that they have very few women in positions of power and she exposed this. Her work was cited in the New York Times, but also the UN ended up then shifting gears and they had her put together a whole exhibition on this topic. So it was one of the largest public exhibitions they had at the UN that was highlighting women in the history of the UN and how women have not been given the prominence that they should be and my daughter became, for somebody who is so young, it was unbelievable how much attention she got, but then she got a little frustrated working at the UN and seeing how it was hard to make a change. So she decided to go back to medical school. My son Damis is interested in environmental geology, and so he’s also going towards the sciences and my other son is majoring in a dual degree in physics and engineering, and my youngest is the smart one in the family, she’s still in high school but she is interested in astrophysics and aerospace engineering. My daughter Demetra has made a name for herself as well. She is now one of the top female high school wrestlers in the country, and you know, how they have varsity teams, varsity wrestling, she is the captain of the boys varsity wrestling team and by the way, you may have seen recently in the news there was this controversy in Texas about this girl was transgender and she was taking steroids to become male but she ended up wresting against girls even though she was in transition. This year she had an undefeated season and she became champion, well, she was undefeated in the scholastic season, but during the tournament she lost to one person, my daughter. So my daughter beat the transgender boy, I didn’t know it either. I was following the story in the news and then her coach texted us that last summer she had wrestled against him and beat him. TNH: How often do you get to visit Kastoria? GY: We’re hoping to go this year. We went two years ago, so we try to go every couple of years. TNH: How difficult was it to leave academia and open your own business in the pharmaceutical industry? GY: There were really two separate things that got me into this world, one having to do with my father again and one having to do with Len. On the one hand, I was doing very well by some standards in the academic world. At a very young age I was offered professor positions and had gotten very large awards to fund research in my laboratory for several million dollars and my father at that time was very disappointed that I was pursuing this academic science career and when I won one particular award and this was in 1988 and it was for $2.5 million and that was a lot of money, it still is a lot of money, but in 1988 that was a lot more money and it guaranteed funding for my laboratory for eight years back then and I thought that it would show to my father that I had made it, that my science was so worthwhile that they were giving me all this money. I went home to Queens because I always used to go home on Sunday to have dinner with the family and with my parents and I thought this would impress them and he said two things that I’ll never forget, he listened to this and the first thing he said was (in Greek-) “Exactly how much of that $2.5 million goes into your pocket?” That was the first thing and then when I tried to explain, yeah, but it’s the research and you don’t understand my goal is maybe I could do important science and someday I could maybe come up with something that could maybe help people suffering from disease. My dad said, because my dad was no fool, and I might choke up here, too, but he goes, “I brought my family here,” he was a big believer, like a lot of Greeks from that generation, in America. “I brought my family to the greatest country on the face of this planet and in this country if you really think you can do something like help cure disease,” and I had told them that into my pocket I was making $35,000 a year which by the way you don’t appreciate it now but in 1988 it was a lot of money, but he even with no education was making more than that. So he goes on, “this is the greatest country on the face of this planet,” he was a big believer, “and in this country if you really think you can do something as important as help cure a disease you can make a hell of a lot more than $35,000 a year doing it.” So I thought I was going to impress my father and I left once again feeling like I had let him down, and then within a week I get a phone call from this guy who I didn’t know at all and he called me because back then it was in the very early days of cloning genes and there were very few people who had cloned genes and I happened to work with, though I was a young guy, but I already had a reputation because I had worked with one of the world’s premiere gene cloners which is another interesting story how I got into this field because once again it’s all the Greek connections. Because I had a reputation and because the guy I had worked with was so well known, Len talked to him and he said you’re never going to get one of these established, older superstars in gene cloning now, but if you want some guy who could be the next young superstar you got to talk to this guy Yancopoulos. So Len just sort of cold called me about getting together with him to help him start this company. Honestly, if I didn’t have that juxtaposition of my dad being disappointed in me and sort of saying do something bigger and he was always into doing something in business and Len calling, that was the magic that sort of said, okay I’m going to walk. Nobody had ever walked away, by the way, from this actually pretty famous grant at the time, it was the Lucille P. Markey award and nobody else ever walked away from a $2.5 million grant. It was unheard of, and I ended up becoming somewhat legendary because people thought I was crazy. Then, about 20 years later I was invited back to be the speaker at this event about all these people that had gotten this award and everybody else said why didn’t we do that? Part of it is also, I really hit off right away with this guy Len and we’re still you don’t see us as much but we haven’t changed in the 28 whatever years it’s been. We’re exactly the same, we love each other but we argue, it’s like brothers. We argue, incessantly and we’re always debating and we’re always taking different sides in an argument, but it all helps the process because you have two people arguing it out and then we engage with [others in the company] Jay Markowitz there, Neil Stahl, and Drew Murphy and we engage everybody else in the different sides of the argument and it leads, I think, to a much better discussion and a much better decision at the end of the day when you’re sitting there having a high level debate over everything constantly instead of just one person saying do this or the other person saying do that. So, nothing has really changed, I love it, I mean I loved him from the beginning, but our interactions and our relationship hasn’t really changed in the entire time and I knew from literally the beginning I just, something hit it off and I could see that he was a very honest guy who was very ethically motivated and you could see a lot of his motivation. He has a severely disabled son who was born with neurological deficits and one of the original, founding goals of Regeneron was to regenerate the nervous system and a lot of it was for his son and we’re still, believe it or not, almost thirty years later, we’re still working on that because it’s so hard and it’s related to Alzheimer’s Disease and Parkinson’s, so we’re still working on all those diseases. In the meantime whatever success we had ended up being in a totally relatively unrelated area, but I knew from the beginning that he was just not only very smart, but just very ethical and very honest and very well-motivated and he told me something that my father also taught me and he said he learned this from his father and he was also very close to his father which very much was consistent with how I was raised. He said life was about doing well by doing good. And that was how I was raised and really he still lives by that and he really hasn’t changed and he’s never disappointed me in terms of his ethics and his viewpoint. I believe we are the most ethically-driven company. The thing that makes us different I think we’re more like the legacy of Roy Vagelos’ Merck, which we all aspire to both me and Len, we aspire to this, but Roy was the greatest paradigm of doing things ethically and doing things based on the science. And almost every other company has moved away from that. They’re doing things for commercial reasons and to make money, and Roy said well, if you do things based on the science to try to improve the human condition and you’re ethical about it, everything else, the money, will take care of itself. We’ve tried to live by that and I think that we’ve, huge credit to Len because he’s never disappointed me, I think that we have stayed that way and especially when we actually brought Roy on board to provide a double check to make sure that we stayed ethical and based on the science, but Roy is a great mentor and I think Len and I have literally devoted our lives to try to live up to his example and bringing him in was just the actual physical symbol of what we’ve been trying to do and live up to. But I should just mention that when I first went into science I was in a different field and very early on when I was in college I was excited by something unrelated. So in 1975 my dad tells me Roy Vagelos should be your hero. Then a couple of years later I’m going to college and I’m doing protein crystallography, a different field of science, and I’m struggling and not doing that well. Then they cloned the first gene and the authors of the paper that cloned the first gene were Efstratiadis, Maniatis, and Kafatos at Harvard. Three Greeks cloned the first gene or the first cDNA it’s called, and I literally, I read the paper and went wow, maybe I’m in the wrong field, maybe I should go into this new field of cloning genes because maybe this is what Greeks are good at. So Roy Vagelos was my hero but then I went into cloning genes because of Efstratiadis, Maniatis, and Kafatos, and ironically enough, all of those guys, but particularly now Maniatis who is still a very famous guy and is always being honored. He is a very prominent professor at Columbia and I talk and deal with him all the time. I had a phone conference with him just yesterday, so it’s ironic how people who are your heroes, Roy Vagelos or Tom Maniatis, you actually get to meet them so it is funny sometimes how things in life you’re inspired by and for me certainly these Greek connections, Roy Vagelos is my hero, and I go into what I go into because of Efstratiadis, Maniatis, and Kafatos. We have a lot of Greeks here, Aris Baras is running our genetics center. TNH: The campus here is impressive, but how did you start out? GY: We had 10,000 square feet, sort of the equivalent of what would be that little corner of that building and then we slowly took over almost that entire building. Then we needed more space, and started building additional buildings. So now we have nine buildings. TNH: What goes on in the buildings? GY: So, it’s largely research, I mean there’s supporting activities here that we have that help the research people and we also have the people who are involved in providing our drugs to the patients, but mostly here, this is mostly our research campus and we do everything from what they call developing antibody drugs to gene sequencing. We have the world’s largest human sequencing effort going here that’s headed by this young Greek guy Aris Baras, the largest human genome sequencing effort is going on, on the other side of the street. Up in Albany, in Rensselaer is where we have our manufacturing facilities and we also built another manufacturing facility in Ireland. Then we have some business offices in Basking Ridge, NJ and a couple of other places. It’s where we actually have some clinical people, so it’s not research laboratories, it’s where we have some people who are involved in organizing clinical trials and also doing the biostatistics involved in that. TNH: The company has 6,000 employees, how many with advanced degrees? GY: 630 with advanced degrees, 500-1,000 PhDs and I would say another 2,000 who have technical degrees either Master’s or undergraduate degrees in the sciences. Then the other half of the people are probably more support type people. TNH: How many drugs have been approved so far? GY: So far it’s four, but in the next 1-2 months we hope to have two more, important ones including one for severe atopic dermatitis or eczema, but we’re also testing the same drug [for other ailments] and it looks very promising for asthma and an assortment of other allergic diseases. That’s the first drug, and then the second drug that we hope to be approved is for rheumatoid arthritis which we’re also very excited about. Our other four drugs are for eye diseases it’s the leading drug that actually saves vision and actually gives back vision lost to people who have macular degeneration or diabetic eye disease, so it’s a very important drug. We have another drug for a rare disease called cold induced inflammatory syndrome, we have another drug for lowering cholesterol and hopefully preventing heart disease, and we have a cancer drug. So those are the four approved and we hope to get two more in the next two months. TNH: A remarkable achievement. GY: In the entire world last year there were only 20 drugs approved by the FDA and half of them were actually not new drugs, they were generics. Our company by itself just in the next two months is going to get hopefully two important, important new drugs approved. It took us over 20 years for our first approval and that was because what we really did which is very unlike any other company is we built the whole foundation and an assembly line to make the drug and since then we’ve had at least one drug almost every year and now we’re hoping to even accelerate, two in the next couple of months and we’re hoping to get a couple more maybe even either at the end of the year or the beginning of next year. So we built a machine that can really now produce regularly because it’s all coming from our own science. Most other companies buy opportunities and they’re licensing. We’re actually doing from the beginning science all the way to the manufacturing of everything. And we’re, we may be, I have to say, we’re certainly the only company in history of our size that has produced these many drugs already and such a pipeline all internally. It’s never been done before so we are very proud of that. In the job I do, it’s not really how many hours you’re grinding away, I think that for the people who are really exceptional at this they are sort of addicted to it, basically it’s all what’s going on in there, and basically you can’t really turn it off and the most important ideas can happen when you’re at your kid’s soccer game or running on a trail in the woods. The most important thing I think is to have your mind be free and be creative because what you have do is you have think of new things that nobody’s ever thought about before, so you can’t do that by whatever and like I said I consider it part of the training of my children. If you ask my kids, hopefully, you’ll see several of them at the parade. We talk about these things all the time. My viewpoint is that you don’t really understand what you’re doing if you can’t explain it to a smart fifth grader. That’s my perspective and so I explain what we work on and talk about to my kids and sometimes they ask questions and their perspective is often some of the best that I’ve gotten because it’s not biased by their experiences, and they’re very smart. I think my kids are very smart so a lot of ideas come from either conversations that we have amongst ourselves all the scientists around here whether it’s Len or Neil Stahl or all these great people we have internally but also some of my good ideas come just from talking with my kids and they say well why don’t you guys do this and I say wow, why didn’t we think of that, because they think with a virgin mind, so basically when your job involves thinking you’re doing it all the time. TNH: What takes more of your time, managing the business or the scientific aspects? GY: I think I’ve been a very, very lucky guy. In life, if you’re going to do anything most of the time I think people who do big things are doing it with other people, and so I’ve been very lucky in that both on the business side I have people like Len and also Roy who are really doing a lot of the heavy lifting. On the science side which is where I concentrate more I also have incredibly brilliant scientific collaborators who have been with me some of them are relatively new, but some of them have been here almost from the beginning. So what I do most of my day, I just have meetings with all these smart people and they end up doing all the work and I just help cross-fertilize some of the ideas and maybe help out a little bit but my job hasn’t really changed in 28 years. It’s just meeting with my colleagues and brainstorming, that’s what we do around here. TNH: Regeneron stock is doing very well, do you follow it regularly? GY: Our market is up now, it varies every minute, I don’t actually follow it, Len follows it, so we’re about 372, and we’re a $40 billion company now. I don’t follow it day-to-day, I just follow it over the long term. I believe what Roy Vagelos says, you do the science, you come up with important drugs for patients and then the stock price and everything else will take care of itself and I really don’t worry about it day to day. Even weeks go by sometimes and I don’t even look at the stock price, but honestly we’ve done well over time, and back then, when we went public in 1991 it was, at the time, one of the record IPOs in the industry I think we raised about $100 million which was huge back then. It set some sort of record. TNH: Where did the name Regeneron come from? GY: The funny thing is, the title of my high school science project was The Molecular Basis of Regeneration, so I was always interested in regeneration, but it’s sort of coincidental. What happened was in the early days of the company we were talking about the nervous system and regrowing nerve cells and somebody, I believe it was Mike Brown suggested why don’t we come up with regenerating neurons or regeneuron and then Al Gilman said that doesn’t sound right and it doesn’t sound as much about genes, so why don’t we just drop the u and he made it Regeneron, so it came from three of our board of advisors. Related News Analysis: GOP Struggles to Govern Despite a Monopoly in Washington EU Puts Pen to Paper, Signs Unity Pledge on 60th Anniversary (Video) Tsipras Tells EU Leaders He Still Wants European Leftist Revolution Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Chef Sophia Manatakis to Appear on Chopped Trump, Demetrios and Priebus Mark Greek Independence Day; See TNH's Videos from WH TNH's 50 Richest Greek-Americans 2014 List - Net Worth & More Wall Street Journal Editorial: A President’s Credibility Mother of chief of staff to Bill Clinton, Podesta, Dies at 89 If you believe in our mission, please subscribe. It costs less than a cup of coffee a day. Please sign on, NOW Week’s Paper Special Issues About us Contact us Subscriptions COMMUNITY Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events GREECE Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science SPORTS Community Greece Cyprus International USA CYPRUS Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science CLASSIFIEDS OPINIONS Columnists Editorial Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Letter to the Editor Agora © Copyright 2015-2017 - The National Herald, Inc Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise Job @ TNH 343 queries in 0.190 seconds.
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Editor's Note Greg David on New York In the Markets The Insider Polls Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk General Counsel Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Wealth Management TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Health Care March 24, 2017 11:54 a.m. Updated 03/24/2017 Pfizer and Merck KGaA's $13,000-a-month cancer drug wins approval The treatment is the first to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration for patients with Merkel cell carcinoma that has spread to other parts of the body Bloomberg News Comments Email Print × Photo: Bloomberg News Pfizer entered a partnership with German-based Merck KGaA in 2014 to jointly develop the drug. To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Sign Up for Health Pulse Brought to you by Crain's New York Business, Health Pulse is a subscription-only website focused on the business of health care. The site is updated every day with breaking news, research and unique information. Subscribe today and receive access to the site and the daily emails. Plus, twice a week we release a special report called Extra, featuring data and statistics. Subscribe Today LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest After 30 years, Crain's 40 Under 40 are more ... Crain's unveils this year's 40 rising stars... Mobile-focused Quartz manages to turn a... Spa Castle indictments | Preet joins NYU |... D.C., behold Albany: Shiny, happy people... Most Popular Retail vacancies put the squeeze on Sitt ICE arrests New York farmworkers, alarming... Is the Garment District about to unravel? Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller ... Brookfield Properties forecloses on Brill... Related News GOP said to lack votes to pass their embattled health-care bill GOP cancels health care vote as House Republicans balk How 'Trumpcare' could derail de Blasio's health care plan Digital health is helping to fuel the city's economy Northwell Health CEO leads St. Patrick's Day Parade Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Photos Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Blogs In the Markets The RED Wrap Greg David on NY The Insider Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Thu, Mar 23 2017. 05 30 PM IST Drugmakers to spend millions on TV ads to counter Donald Trump’s ‘murder’ charge In reference to overpricing by drugmakers, President Donald Trump had claimed that the companies are “getting away with murder” Subscribe to our newsletter. John McCormickJared S. Hopkins Pharmaceutical companies plan to spend high tens of millions of dollars every year on its campaign, including TV, radio and digital ads, as well as hosted events, says Robert Zirkelbach from Kantar Media’s CMAG. Photo: Bloomberg  Chicago/ New York: The top trade association for US drugmakers is spending more on television advertising than any other special-interest group, part of a multi-year campaign to repair the industry’s reputation and counter President Donald Trump’s claims that it’s “getting away with murder” on pricing. The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, commonly known as PhRMA, has already spent an estimated $8.6 million on broadcast television and cable ads in 2017, according to data from Kantar Media’s CMAG, which tracks issue ads. The pharmaceuticals group hadn’t bought any broadcast TV ads in at least five years. It now plans to spend “high tens of millions of dollars every year” on its campaign, including TV, radio and digital ads, as well as hosted events, said Robert Zirkelbach, its executive vice president for public affairs. By comparison, the top advertiser in the debate about repealing Obamacare—a coalition of health-care providers and advocates opposed to the law’s repeal—has spent less than a quarter of PhRMA’s total this year. PhRMA, which represents more than 50 member companies, is one of the most powerful interest groups in Washington. In 2016, it spent $20 million on lobbying, employing 21 internal lobbyists and 36 outside firms, Bloomberg Government data shows. Pharmaceutical manufacturers also gave almost $20 million to candidates for federal offices in the 2016 election cycle, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Now, PhRMA is appealing directly to the public after being repeatedly battered last year by both Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton for what the candidates called excessively high prices on life-saving drugs. Also Read| Donald Trump: Pharma industry is getting away with murder In January, Trump sent pharmaceutical stocks falling when he made his accusation about drug companies and “murder” nine days before his inauguration. As recently as Monday, at a rally in Kentucky, the president pledged to work to lower drug prices once the Affordable Care Act is repealed. “We knew correctly that no matter what the outcome during the election, these issues are going to continue to be areas of focus,” Zirkelbach said. “This is a national conversation that’s happening right now about medicines and their cost and value that they provide to patients and society.” So far this year, PhRMA’s two ads—one 30-seconds long and the other a minute -- have run almost 2,300 times nationally. The ads make no mention of drug prices. Instead, they focus on how the industry is investing in research, featuring images of a baby, an elderly man about to undergo surgery, scientists looking into microscopes and a digitized cancer cell being destroyed “thanks to medicine that didn’t exist until now.” The vast majority of the TV spots have run on national cable, although the group has also placed them on national network TV shows that typically cost more. The ads have run on NBC’s Saturday Night Live and Meet the Press; ABC’s Good Morning America and This Week with George Stephanopoulos;” and CBS’ Face the Nation and The Late Show With Stephen Colbert. John Rother, president of the National Coalition on Health Care and the leader of a separate group that campaigns against high drug prices, said congressional scrutiny and public protest over prices for drugs like EpiPen, a lifesaving allergy injection that enjoys a near monopoly, isn’t going to subside. “Each time you have a new outrage on a very high priced drug, there are senior members of Congress with considerable expertise who are looking at these things,” Rother said. “If I were PhMRA, I would definitely be worried.” Unlike many developed countries, the US doesn’t directly regulate medicine prices, and drug-makers have strongly resisted it. The industry has faced pressure for several years to reduce prices amid an outcry from members of Congress and customers. Some companies, including Allergan and Swiss giant Novartis AG, have responded with voluntary actions to cap annual price increases, while Johnson & Johnson and Merck & Co. have taken steps to increase transparency about pricing. Trump hasn’t provided many specifics on how to lower drug prices, although White House spokesman Sean Spicer said in February that the president supports drug price negotiations for Medicare, the program for the elderly is the nation’s biggest purchaser of health care. Also Read| Donald Trump calls drug pricing ‘astronomical’ and promises changes At the Kentucky rally on Monday, Trump said “we are also going to work on bringing down the cost of medicine by having a fair and competitive bidding process,” adding that “somebody’s getting very rich” from the current pricing system. “Medicine prices will be coming way down, way, way, way down -- and that’s going to happen fast,” he said. Despite his rhetoric, Trump won’t be overly hostile to drugmakers because he won’t want them to send more jobs outside the US, said W.J. “Billy” Tauzin, who led PhRMA from 2005 through part of 2010 after serving as both a Democratic and Republican congressman from Louisiana. Still, Tauzin said, the highly publicized incidents of dramatic price increases have spurred the need for the public relations campaign. “That’s the picture people have now of the industry is bad players like that,” he said. “So, I suspect, what they’re trying to do is remind people that there are a lot of good players out there who are trying to do the right thing, trying to spend enormous sums to find cures.” Bloomberg John McCormickJared S. Hopkins Topics: Donald Trump drugmakers murder charge TV advertising drug pricing More From Livemint READ MORE Pakistan arrests over 100 Indian fishermen off Gujarat coast Surat airport to be converted into an international one: Jayant Sinha General insurance premium set to go up from 1 April First Published: Thu, Mar 23 2017. 05 00 PM IST Editor's Picks Sebi bans Reliance Industries from equity derivatives market for a year Aadhaar to be mandatory for mobile phone verification Elon Musk’s Tesla remains unmoved by India’s pitch for manufacturing plant Latest News Pakistan arrests over 100 Indian fishermen off Gujarat coast Surat airport to be converted into an international one: Jayant Sinha General insurance premium set to go up from 1 April By 2021, 4 out of 10 jobs would be lost to automation: Experts India now 3rd largest aviation market in domestic air passenger traffic: Capa Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Statewide Trauma System Cuts Preventable Deaths By Half cme/ce PD-1 Inhibitor Active in Refractory HNSCC VIDEO PodMed: A Medical News Roundup From Johns Hopkins No Coffee-Cancer Link: That's Improbable! Do Docs Have Enough Sense about Dollars? LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Oncology/Hematology cme/ce PD-1 Inhibitor Active in Refractory HNSCC Overall response rate of 16% with pembrolizumab MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Charles Bankhead Charles Bankhead Senior Associate Editor, MedPage Today March 25, 2017 Action Points Note that this uncontrolled study of the immune checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab in patients with advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck showed that some patients developed an objective response. The overall response rate remained low, though, underscoring the severity of this disease. The immune checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab (Keytruda) demonstrated activity and tolerability in patients with heavily pretreated head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), a prospective study showed. Overall, 28 of 171 patients had objective responses, including one complete response. The responses had a median duration of 8 months, and some lasted for more than a year. Patients with and without human papillomavirus (HPV) infection responded to pembrolizumab. The treatment was associated with grade ≥3 adverse events in 15% of patients, but few patients discontinued treatment because of adverse events, as reported online in the Journal of Clinical Oncology. "Results from this study indicate that pembrolizumab is an active agent for a patient population with limited options," Joshua Bauml, MD, co-deputy director for the Lung/Head and Neck Medical Oncology Clinical Research Program of the University of Pennsylvania Abramson Cancer Center in Philadelphia, and co-authors concluded. "The robust clinical activity demonstrated in this trial confirms the activity of this class of agents and supports ongoing immunotherapy studies in head and neck cancer." The results are consistent with those of a previously reported randomized trial of the PD-1 inhibitor nivolumab (Opdivo) in platinum-refractory HNSCC. The earlier trial, involving 361 patients with advanced/metastatic HNSCC, showed an improvement in overall survival and 1-year survival among patients treated with the immune checkpoint inhibitor versus standard care. Treatment targeting the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway has demonstrated activity across a wide range of tumor types. The rationale for evaluating the therapeutic strategy in HNSCC came from observations that PD-L1 interaction with its receptor, as well as overexpression of PD-L1 and PD-L2, is implicated in immune escape in HNSCC. Pembrolizumab received FDA approval in August 2016 for patients with recurrent/metastatic HNSCC that progressed during or after platinum-based chemotherapy. Whether patients benefited after disease progression with cetuximab (Erbitux), in addition to platinum-based therapy, remained unclear. Bauml and colleagues conducted a multicenter randomized trial to investigate. The trial had a primary endpoint of overall response rate, as assessed by Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors, and would be considered successful if 14 responses occurred in 135 evaluable patients. The patients had a median age of 61, and 98% had an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0-1. Three-fourths of the patients had HPV-negative tumors, two-thirds had a history of tobacco use, more than half currently smoked, and they had received a median of two prior therapies (and as many as six). Three-fourths of the patients had received two or more prior regimens for recurrent/metastatic disease. More than 80% had tumors that exhibited ≥1% positivity for PD-L1. The overall response rate of 16% met the statistical criteria for a positive outcome (P<0.001). In addition to the 28 patients who had objective responses with pembrolizumab, 33 patients (19%) had stable disease. Among 141 evaluable patients, 70 (50%) had some degree of tumor shrinkage from baseline, the authors reported. Objective responses occurred in 16% of HPV-positive patients and 15% of those with HPV-negative tumors. The study population had a median progression-free survival (PFS) of 2.1 months and a 6-month PFS of 23%. Neither PFS value differed between patients with HPV-positive and HPV-negative tumors. The patients had a median overall survival of 8 months and 6-month overall survival of 59%. Assessment of response by PD-L1 status showed response rates of 18% in patients with PD-L1-positive tumors and 12% in those with PD-L1-negative tumors. The one complete response occurred in a patient who had >50% PD-L1 expression. The patients received pembrolizumab for a median duration of 90 days, and 64% of patients had treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs), the most common being fatigue (18%), hypothyroidism (9%), nausea (6%), liver enzyme elevation (AST, 6%), and diarrhea (6%). Grade 3+ TRAEs occurred in 15% of patients, but no specific type of adverse event occurred in more than 1% to 2% of patients. "To our knowledge, our study is the first and largest report of data from a phase II trial investigating PD-1 inhibition in patients with recurrent/metastatic HNSCC refractory to both platinum and cetuximab, a patient population with poor outcome and no approved treatment options," the authors wrote. "Patients in this study were heavily pretreated, with 75% receiving two or more prior lines of systemic therapy. "There is a paucity of data in the literature for patients with recurrent/metastatic HNSCC refractory to both platinum and cetuximab with which to compare these results. Nonetheless, overall response and survival rates reported with pembrolizumab seem favorable, even when compared with other treatments with fewer prior therapies." The trial was supported by Merck. Bauml disclosed relationships with Clovis Oncology, Bristol-Myers Sqibb, Merck, AstraZeneca, Genentech, Celgene, Guardant Health, Boehringer Ingelheim, Carevive Systems, Novartis, and Incyte. One or more coauthors disclosed relationships with Merck (including employment), Amgen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, AstraZeneca, Innate PHarma, Eli Lilly, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bayer AG, MedImmune, Galera Therapeutics, Genentech, Pfizer, ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Celgene, Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Clovis Oncology, Corvus Pharmaceuticals, Esanex, OncoMed, Ignyta, TRM Oncology, Karyopharm Therapeutics, Biodesix, OncoPlex Diagnostics, EMD Serono, Astellas Pharma, Eisai, Blueprint, Loxo, VentiRx PHarmaceuticals, Plexxikon, Advaxis, and Nektar. Reviewed by F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE Assistant Professor, Section of Nephrology, Yale School of Medicine and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2017-03-25T16:00:00-0400 Primary Source Journal of Clinical On cology Source Reference: Bauml J, et al "Pembrolizumab for platinum- and cetuximab-refractory head and neck cancer: Results from a single-arm phase II study" J Clin Oncol 2017; doi: 10.1200/JCO.2016.70.1524. take posttest 0 comments More in Oncology/Hematology PD-1 Inhibitor Active in Refractory HNSCC Adverse Effects of Prostate Cancer Treatments Vary Gleevec - A Game Changer? Global HPV Vaccination Guide Targets Girls About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States How Health Care Stocks Responded to the Shelved Health Care Bill By Chris Lange March 25, 2017 9:15 am EDT Print Email Tweet Despite touting himself as an incredible dealmaker and negotiater, Trump faced the biggest defeat of his presidency thus far when legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act was pulled from a vote in the House of Representatives. This had long been a pillar of Trump’s campaign, but it seems that even he can’t get his own party behind him to back this deal. Investors had been waiting all week to see this vote, which originally was set for Thursday then postponed to Friday. And now there is no vote. For the time being, it seems that Obamacare will remain the law of the land. Many saw this vote as a barometer for how much leverage Trump has and how effective of a leader he can be. Some analysts have even speculated that if Trump can’t get backing to repeal the controversial Affordable Care Act, then reforming the tax code could be problematic as well. 24/7 Wall St. has taken a look at a few companies within the health care sector that might have seen a reaction from this vote, or lack thereof. The Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF (NYSEMKT: XLV) closed relatively flat on Friday, but there were some companies that saw fallout. Shares of UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) closed Friday slightly lower at $165.00, with a consensus analyst price target of $185.05 and a 52-week trading range of $125.26 to $172.14. The stock was up 0.7% in the after-hours trading session. Aetna Inc. (NYSE: AET) shares closed Friday down 0.8% at $126.77. The stock has a 52-week range of $104.59 to $136.50 and a consensus price target of $139.00. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) ended the day down 0.9% at $34.00, within a 52-week range of $29.41 to $37.39 and with a consensus price target of $38.00. Shares of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) closed at $63.18. The consensus price target is $68.75, and the 52-week range is $52.44 to $66.80. Universal Health Services Inc. (NYSE: UHS) saw its shares drop 2.6% on Friday to end at $121.89. The consensus price target is $139.00, and the 52-week range is $99.72 to $139.77. Gilead Sciences Inc. (NASDAQ: GILD) shares ended the week at $67.51, barely higher on the day, and up a little more in the after-hours. The stock has a 52-week trading range of $65.38 to $103.10 and a consensus price target of $79.10. Shares of Cigna Corp. (NYSE: CI) closed down 2.3% at $145.82, with a consensus price target of $164.43 and a 52-week range of $115.03 to $154.83. The stock was down an additional 1.2% in Friday’s after-hours session. Anthem Inc. (NYSE: ANTM) closed Friday down 1.6% at $162.75. It has a 52-week range of $114.85 to $170.79 and a consensus price target of $177.69. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « New China Airliner Major Threat to Boeing Gannett Share Price Shows Doubts About New Tronc Bid » Read more: Healthcare Business, biotech, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Aetna, Inc. (NYSE:AET), Cigna Corporation (NYSE:CI), Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Universal Health Services, Inc... (NYSE:UHS), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most Educated City in Each State 10 Disappearing Car Brands The Best Counties to Live In Recent Insider Buying Jumps as Market Volatility Grows: Sears, IFF, Pulse Biosciences, PRA Group, Radius Health and More Why FireEye Could Outperform Other Cybersecurity Leaders Why Analysts Are Growing Even More Bullish on Micron Technology 2 IPOs Succeeded Last Week, as Did a Blank-Check Company That Raised $900 Million Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Amazon Can't Hide It…It's Betting Big on Alexa More Marijuana Sales Taxes Are Coming Why Apple Is Letting Oppo and Vivo Win in China Trump says tax reform is next on agenda Trump says he's open to talking to Democrats if Obamacare explodes Trump: 'We couldn't quite get there' on health bill Today's Strong Buys Breaking Out to New Highs Q1 Earnings Season Preview Master Your Emotions to Beat the Market OPEC, non-OPEC to look at extending oil-output cut by six months Bull market not dead as tax reform takes spotlight Trump greenlights Keystone XL pipeline, but obstacles loom Russia Says Oil Cuts May Be Extended Amid High Compliance 3 Things You May Be Getting Wrong About Retirement Planning Can Frontier Stock Bounce Back After Last Week's 15% Drop? Democrats Introduce 'Mar-A-Lago Act' To Make Trump Meetings More Transparent Uber Halts Self-Driving Car Fleet After Crash In Arizona A Future Farming Industry Grows In Brooklyn Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Pittsburgh City Paper   Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Things to Read Things to Do Watch+Listen Fun+Free Best of PGH Browse Things to Read Blogs News & Features Special Issues & Guides CP Longform Music Visual Arts Books Theater & Dance Food & Drink Movie Reviews Sports Views Issue Archives Browse Things to Do Short List Music Listings Critics' Picks Event Listings Dining Guide City Guide CP Happs App Submit an Event Listing Browse Watch+Listen Lynn Cullen Live City Paper Podcast Sound Bite Five Minutes in Food History FFW>> CP TV Slideshows Audio Archives FAQ412 Browse Fun+Free Win Free Stuff Job Search Daily Rundown Sign Up Burgh Bargains Browse Best of PGH Food & Drink Culture & Night Life Goods & Services People & Places Archives | RSS Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Friday, June 24, 2016 Health Health professionals tell Allegheny County to make HPV vaccine mandatory Posted By Ashley Murray on Fri, Jun 24, 2016 at 3:06 PM This week, the Allegheny County Department of Health, along with Allegheny County Council members, heard testimony in support of and against — but mostly in support — making the HPV vaccine mandatory for children, both boys and girls, ages 11 and 12. Human papillomavirus, or HPV, is the most common sexually transmitted disease, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which along with the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends the three-dose (over a period of six months) vaccine at that age, meaning before kids generally become sexually active. More than 25 speakers — including doctors, researchers, executives from health-care foundations, high school students, cancer survivors and even a dentist — addressed Dr. Karen Hacker, head of the Allegheny County Health Department, and council members. Dr. Liz Miller, director of community health at Children's Hospital at Pittsburgh and a professor of pediatrics at the University of Pittsburgh's School of Medicine, called the vaccine mandate "critically important" for "bridging the gap" in parts of Allegheny County where parents might not be educated on HPV, or where access to primary care is less likely. "The HPV vaccine is frankly a no-brainer," she said. According to the CDC, in most cases HPV will go away on its own. But when it doesn't, it can cause genital warts and cancers, including cervical cancer, cancer of the vulva, vagina, penis or anus. Cancer caused by HPV can also manifest itself in the throat, tongue and tonsils. Currently the vaccine is mandatory for school entry in Rhode Island, Virginia and Washington, D.C. "We have spoken with all three states to better understand their perspectives and experience," Hacker wrote in an email to City Paper. She says the vaccine is covered by most health-insurance plans and is included in the Affordable Care Act's preventive measures. John Rhodes, a 50-year-old assistant basketball coach for the Duquesne University Dukes, testified as a throat- and neck-cancer survivor. He called himself a "6-foot-9 walking billboard" for the HPV vaccine. He has been in remission for seven months after being treated for stage-four cancer that settled in his lymph nodes and was caused by HPV.  "My kids are vaccinated," he said. "As a coach and a competitive person, I challenge you [to mandate the vaccine]." Several doctors shared concern for the pain and complications their patients feel once they are diagnosed with a cancer caused by HPV. Dr. Umamaheswar Duvvuri, a head- and neck-cancer surgeon at UPMC and the local VA hospital, told the crowd about his 55-year-old male patient from Dubois, Pa., who found a lump on his neck. "I spent the day removing a large portion of this man's tongue," he said. "That could've been prevented." After the meeting, he explained that he and colleagues will be operating on six patients and treating four others for "oropharyngeal" cancers — head and neck cancers — and that those types of cancers are predicted to rise by 2020. Sixteen-year-old Sydney Reyes, of Riverview Junior-Senior High School, addressed another common argument against the vaccine — that it will encourage sexual promiscuity in teenagers. "This assumption can be resolved by having a proper discussion with your teen, not by blocking a vaccination," Reyes said. "Why should we risk a life like this when we really don't have to?" A few speakers against the vaccine mandate expressed their concerns to the councilors. A parent named Amy Rafferty read a letter from a friend whose daughter allegedly suffered severe hypertonia — muscles spasms — to the point where she couldn't walk anymore after receiving Gardasil, the HPV vaccine from Merck. James Lyons-Weiler, who formerly worked at the Hillman Cancer Center and who started his own research group entitled the "Institute for Pure and Applied Knowledge," told the crowd he was concerned that the current vaccine would allow for stronger virus strains to attack humans in the future. Yesterday, Lyons-Weiler posted a 3,000-word essay on his blog denouncing the medical professionals who asked Allegheny County to mandate the vaccine. He also mentioned that he met Rafferty because she organized the local screening of VAXXED — an anti-vaccine documentary that was kicked off the Tribeca Film Festival schedule, and which City Paper's film critic Al Hoff said came "across as an infomercial by way of a conspiracy theory for a discredited argument." Speakers who followed opponents of the vaccine mandate contradicted their arguments. Hacker says the comments gathered at the hearing will be presented to the board of health in July. "They wanted us to consider what the public felt [about an HPV-vaccine mandate]," Hacker said by phone today.  If the board decides to recommend a mandate, a public-comment period would follow. Editor's note: This post has been udpated to include comments from Dr. Karen Hacker. Tags: HPV, vaccines, Allegheny County, health, news, Image « Advocates ask Port Authority of All…  |  National revitalization conference… » Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Speaking of... Columbus, Ohio-based podcast Street Fight Radio brings its leftist comedy — and the Chapo Trap House podcast — to Spirit Mar 15, 2017 Despite changing infrastructure needs in the Mon Valley, the Mon-Fayette Expressway refuses to die Mar 8, 2017 Wylie Holdings has cashed in on Lawrenceville’s revitalization, but is it being a good neighbor? Feb 15, 2017 More » More Blogh » Latest in Blogh Air-quality expo scheduled for Sunday just outside of Pittsburgh Mar 24, 2017 A+ Schools launch Vote School Board First campaign Mar 23, 2017 PETA marks World Water Day with demonstration in Downtown Pittsburgh Mar 22, 2017 More »   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (15) Showing 1-15 of 15 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-15 of 15 Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread CityPaper Social Media Facebook Pittsburgh CityPaper Twitter PGHCityPaper Instagram Snapchat YouTube RSS Pittsburgh Citypaper Newsletter Subscriptions Listings Events Music Dining Bars -All Dates- Sunday, March 26 Monday, March 27 Tuesday, March 28 Wednesday, March 29 Thursday, March 30 Friday, March 31 Saturday, April 1 Sunday, April 2 Monday, April 3 Tuesday, April 4 Wednesday, April 5 Thursday, April 6 Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 Friday, April 21 Saturday, April 22 Sunday, April 23 Monday, April 24 Tuesday, April 25 -All Categories- ARTS & COMMUNITY   Auditions   Comedy   Dance   Exhibits   Festivals   Fundraisers   Holiday   Kidstuff   Literary   Other Stuff   Outside   Politics   Special   Submissions   Theater   Visual Art   Volunteers -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Dates- Sunday, March 26 Monday, March 27 Tuesday, March 28 Wednesday, March 29 Thursday, March 30 Friday, March 31 Saturday, April 1 Sunday, April 2 Monday, April 3 Tuesday, April 4 Wednesday, April 5 Thursday, April 6 Friday, April 7 Saturday, April 8 Sunday, April 9 Monday, April 10 Tuesday, April 11 Wednesday, April 12 Thursday, April 13 Friday, April 14 Saturday, April 15 Sunday, April 16 Monday, April 17 Tuesday, April 18 Wednesday, April 19 Thursday, April 20 Friday, April 21 Saturday, April 22 Sunday, April 23 Monday, April 24 Tuesday, April 25 -All Categories- Acoustic Blues Classical Country DJs Easy Listening/Oldies Hip Hop/R&B Holiday Music Jazz Open Stage Other Music Reggae Rock/Pop World -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople Submit an event -All Categories- RESTAURANTS   American   Asian   Bakery   Barbecue   Breakfast   Brew Pub   Cafe/Coffeehouse   Cambodian   Caribbean   Celtic/Irish   Chinese   Continental   Deli/Sandwich Shop   Delivery   Ethiopian   French   German   Greek/Middle Eastern   Ice Cream and Dessert   Indian   Italian   Japanese   Korean   Latin American   Mexican   Pizza   Polish   Pub Grub   Quick Bites   Seafood   Southern Cuisine   Spanish   Steakhouse   Thai   Vegan/Vegetarian   Vietnamese CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT   Art gallery   Bar/club   Bookstore   Coffeehouse   Comedy club   Dance club   Exhibition space   Lecture/performance hall   Live theater   Movie theater   Museum   Music venue   Strip club   Wineries, Distilleries, and Breweries COMMUNITY & PUBLIC PLACES   College/university   Hotel   Kids' activities   Library   Park/outdoors -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople -All Neighborhoods-   Turtle Creek   Allison Park   Ambridge   Aspinwall   Avalon   Banksville   Dormont   Beaver   Beaver Falls   Beechview   Bellevue   Bethel Park   Blawnox   Bloomfield   Braddock   McKees Rocks   Bridgeville   Brighton Heights   Brookline   Butler   Canonsburg   Carnegie   Carrick   Castle Shannon   Clairton   Coraopolis   Crafton   Cranberry   Downtown   East Hills   East Liberty   East Pittsburgh   Edgewood   Emsworth   Etna   Forest Hills   Fox Chapel   Friendship   Garfield   Gibsonia   Glenshaw   Green Tree   Greenfield   Greensburg   Harmony   Hazelwood   Highland Park   Hill District   Homestead   Homewood   Jeannette   Knoxville   Larimer   Latrobe   Lawrenceville   Lincoln-Lemington   Mars   McCandless   McKeesport   McMurray   Millvale   Monaca   Monroeville   Moon   Morningside   Mt. Lebanon   Mt. Oliver   Mt. Washington   Natrona Heights   Neville Island   New Brighton   New Castle   New Kensington   North Braddock   North Fayette   North Huntingdon   North Side   North Versailles   O'Hara   Oakland   Oakmont   Ohio Township   Overbrook   Penn Hills   Pleasant Hills   Point Breeze   Polish Hill   Rankin   Regent Square   Robinson   Ross   Saxonburg   Scott   Sewickley   Sewickley Heights   Shadyside   Sharpsburg   Sheraden   Slippery Rock   South Park   South Side   Spring Garden   Springdale   Squirrel Hill   Station Square   Strip District   Swissvale   Tarentum   Troy Hill   Upper St. Clair   Uptown   Verona   Warrendale   Washington   Washington's Landing   Waterfront   West End   West Homestead   West Mifflin   West View   Wexford   Wilkinsburg   Wilmerding   Woods Run   Youngwood   Zelienople DAILY RUNDOWN Sign up for Daily Rundown and get the freshest content sent right to your inbox. Subscribe CP TV Two world class sumo wrestlers face off for charity at Stage AE More CP TV » Digital Issues This Week... Special Issues 2016 City Guide 2016 Dining Guide 2016 Holiday Guide Magazine Locations Read Past Issues Advertise | Archives | Contact Us | Join our Street Team | Freelance/Intern | Comments/Privacy Policy | Subscriptions | RSS Feed © 2017 Pittsburgh City Paper Website powered by Foundation National Advertising by VMG Advertising
Magazines CURRENT ISSUE COVER STORY NATIONAL INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS FEATURES Book Reviews Cover Stories Documents Essays Extracts Interviews Opinions Portraits Profiles REGULARS LEADER LETTERS PAR AVION SEVEN DAYS DEEP THROAT BIZTRO TRACK 2 EAT, PRAY, LIVE THE SKED THE REVIEWS TRENDING DIARY SPORTS BOOKS BACK ISSUES Archives Subscription Welcome Guest Login Login | Register Current Issue National International Business Most Read Features Book reviews Cover Stories Documents Essays Interviews Opinions Portraits Profiles Regulars Leader Letters Par Avion Seven Days Deep Throat Biztro Track 2 Eat, Pray, Live The Sked The Reviews Trending Diary Sports Books Back Issues Follow       Subscribe The Magazine NATIONAL INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORT ART & ENTERTAINMENT BOOKS & CULTURE SOCIETY ﻿ 03 April 2017 Business Great K. Anji Reddy (1939-2013) & G.V. Prasad, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories If the late founder Dr Reddy was a ­risk-taker, CEO Prasad is credited with pushing the boundaries, ­making DRL a global player. Arushi Bedi ON K. Anji Reddy, G.V. Prasad Photograph by R.A. Chandroo & Getty Images Mail Print Share A A A increase text size Starting with just Rs 25 lakh, DRL is now a Rs 2,151 crore company *** Since its inception in 1984, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd (DRL) has grown as one of the few Indian pharma companies to have made it big in both domestic and international markets. Dr K. Anji Reddy started the company with a mere Rs 25 lakh and built it up to a net worth of Rs 2,151 crore by 2016. The swanky office in Hyderabad’s posh Banjara Hills is a testament to the foresight of Dr Reddy and G.V. Prasad, his son-in-law and the CEO of the company. Starting his career with Indian Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Ltd in 1969, Reddy set up DRL with one motto—start something where others in the industry feel there is a battle to tackle. Today, DRL not only has ownership of formulation drugs, but is also a frontrunner in generic manufacturing. After Dr Reddy’s death in 2013,  the mantle passed on to Prasad. If the founder was known as a risk-taker, his successor is credited with pushing the boundaries of the possible, making DRL a global player that is now the authorised generic supplier of pharma giant Merck’s two biggest-selling drugs. Dr Reddy’s dream to make DRL the first Indian firm to discover a new drug continues to inspire the company today. Prasad is known as DRL’s “big picture guy”. Reserved and plain-speaking, he is a leader who knows what he wants and how to get it. He says innovation is paramount to the company and that is the main reason DRL’s product pipeline is clearly differentiated from those of its competitors. With a graduate degree in chemical engineering and a Master’s in industrial administration from Perdue University, Prasad is a great believer in putting the needs of the patient first and says the consumer is boss. That’s why DRL focuses on producing reasonably priced generic drugs. Now looking to increase sales and operations within India, ­Prasad feels they can accomplish it by sticking to the principles of innovation and consumer satisfaction. Continue FREE with Ads Pay Rs. 1 to Read Without Ads READ MORE IN: Arushi Bedi Business Profiles Next Story : Sanjeev Bikhchandani, Naukri.com Download the Outlook ​Magazines App. Six magazines, wherever you go! Play Store and App Store Related Extraordinary Dr Verghese Kurien (1921-2012) Amul The astonishingly ­effective movement Kurien led changed the lives of millions of dairy farmers and took India from a milk-deficient nation to one of the world’s largest ­producers of milk. Arindam Mukherjee Extraordinary Dilip Shanghvi, Sun Pharma It was a self-devised ­management style and strategic acquisitions that helped Shanghvi get to the top of the pharma business. Arushi Bedi Extraordinary M.S. Oberoi (1898-2002) Oberoi Hotels A man who came from a small village in Rawalpindi, he started his career in Shimla as a front desk clerk at Cecil Hotel for Rs 50 per month. Arushi Bedi More From Arushi Bedi Great Ramesh Chauhan, Parle Group Chauhan believes that executing a project is more than just getting the job done.... He has a way of making brands a part of consumers’ lives. Brilliant Prathap Reddy, Apollo Hospitals The idea to set up a hospital chain simmered within Dr Reddy on returning to India after a successful career in the US. He sensed the potential of good private healthcare. Extraordinary K.V. Kamath, ICICI Banking wasn’t his first choice in profession. Kamath had studied to be an engineer to join his family ­business of tile manufacturing. Post a Comment You are not logged in, please Log in or Register THE LATEST ISSUE CLICK IMAGE FOR CONTENTS ALSO IN THIS STORY Extraordinary Dr Verghese Kurien (1921-2012) Amul The astonishingly ­effective movement Kurien led changed the lives of millions of dairy farmers and took India from a milk-deficient nation to one of the world’s largest ­producers of milk. Extraordinary Dilip Shanghvi, Sun Pharma It was a self-devised ­management style and strategic acquisitions that helped Shanghvi get to the top of the pharma business. Extraordinary M.S. Oberoi (1898-2002) Oberoi Hotels A man who came from a small village in Rawalpindi, he started his career in Shimla as a front desk clerk at Cecil Hotel for Rs 50 per month. Extraordinary E. Sreedharan, Delhi Metro “Whenever there’s a problem, he focuses on the target—‘like Arjuna’. It doesn’t ­matter who he has to crush on the way, even politicians,” says his biographer Rajendra B. Aklekar. Extraordinary Samir Jain, The Times Group In the 1990s, Samir Jain brought in his corporatised ­approach with an ­unabashedly growth and ­profit orientation, defining media as a ­consumer product. Extraordinary Dr K. Kasturirangan, ISRO “He had the wisdom and managerial skills to convince the government to invest in rockets,” says K. Raghavan, chief architect of ­satellite systems. Extraordinary Ratan Naval Tata, Tata sons A bachelor known for his low-profile lifestyle, Ratan Tata’s coup against his successor last year showed he’s still the boss. Extraordinary Aditya Birla (1943-1995) & Kumar Mangalam Birla, Birla Group Aditya seeded the idea of a varied resume, having expanded to SE Asia and N. Africa, when few Indian firms had the ability or vision to do so. Extraordinary Deepak Parekh, HDFC “Parekh made us believe that even a single product ­company can be phenomenally ­successful,” says ­biz-analyst Tamal Bandyopadhyay. Extraordinary K.V. Kamath, ICICI Banking wasn’t his first choice in profession. Kamath had studied to be an engineer to join his family ­business of tile manufacturing. Extraordinary Aditya Puri, HDFC Bank Puri joined HDFC Bank as a founding member and an MD in 1994. He has taken it to being the third most valuable company on the stock exchange. Extraordinary Dhirubhai Ambani (1932-2002) Reliance “The whole DNA of his business was not only to ­innovate for survival but also to innovate to change the rules of the business game­,” says Pritam Singh, former director, IIM Lucknow. Extraordinary V. Krishnamurthy, SAIL, BHEL, Maruti “He was the high priest of public sector management. He’d turn companies around,” says biz historian Raman Mahadevan. Extraordinary N.R. Narayana Murthy, Infosys “He had this dream of building the best company in the world so everything he did had to be top class,” says ­former colleague T.V. Mohandas Pai. Extraordinary Subramaniam Ramadorai, TCS The scale at which Tata Consultancy Service’s strategy and business model grew under Ramadorai as the CEO since 1996 was unimaginable. Extraordinary Sunil Bharti Mittal, Bharti Enterprises “He had a vision and coming from a ­political family, he also has insight into how policy making works,” says telecom expert Mahesh Uppal. Brilliant J.R.D. Tata (1904-1993) Tata Group JRD started with 14 firms in the Tata Group. When he left in 1988, it had 95, many of which he founded. He was also the progenitor of commercial flights in India. Brilliant Azim H. Premji, Wipro In 2010 and 2013, the Wipro chairman ­donated a total of more than Rs 28,000 crore to Azim Premji Foundation—one of the highest ­philanthropic contributions ever by an Indian. Brilliant Mukesh Ambani, Reliance Industries It’s the thought of the future that drives Mukesh. “Everyone expected me to study textiles. I wanted to pursue chemical engineering, as I thought it was the future,” he has said. Brilliant Adi Godrej, Godrej The consumer business has focus on three segments—homecare, haircare and personal care—across Asia, Africa and Latin America. Brilliant Nandan Nilekani, UIDAI Nilekani executed the Aadhaar project, an ­attempt to create a biometric database of the entire population of India. It was hailed as the biggest social project on the planet. Brilliant Natarajan Chandrasekaran, Tata Consultancy Services TCS’s growth points to Chandra’s pace and focus on agility. His management style, he said once, is a fusion of a ‘high and soft’ touches. Brilliant R.H. Patil (1937-2012) NSE A firm believer in ­automation and paperless trading, Patil linked trading terminals across India using V-SAT technology. Brilliant Ela Bhatt, SEWA SEWA, which was initially registered as a trade union in 1972, became a confluence of three movements: labour, cooperative and women’s. Brilliant Subhash Chandra, Zee Network In The Z Factor, his autobiography, Chandra barely couches his belief that business isn’t a straight path and requires one to do all it takes. Brilliant Brijmohan Lall Munjal (1923-2015) & Pawan Kant Munjal Hero Group The joint ­venture with Honda overtook Bajaj Auto to ­become India’s biggest ­two-wheeler manufacturer. Brilliant Xerxes Desai (1937-2016) Titan Desai gave India its first quartz watches, a respite from watches that had to be set up and wound every day. J.R.D. Tata instantly liked the idea of launching a watch brand. Brilliant Anand Mahindra, Mahindra Group Under Anand Mahindra, the group grew inorganically through acquisitions like Reva Electric Car, Satyam Computer Services and Peugeot motorcycles. Brilliant Onkar Singh Kanwar, Apollo Tyres Onkar built on his father’s ­beginnings and established himself as a global tyre tycoon. Brilliant Rahul Bajaj, Bajaj Group The group ranks among India’s top ten, with footmarks beyond auto: home appliances, travel, insurance, financial services­ and iron and steel. Brilliant Uday Kotak, Kotak Group Executives raise a toast to technologies that trim the wage bill, such as robots. Kotak clearly doesn’t believe in ruthless automation. Brilliant Rahul Bhatia, Indigo Bhatia’s low-cost airline is now the biggest in India. The flights are 15% more fuel-efficient, ply in routes that burn less fuel. Even the speed is moderated. Brilliant Yogesh Chander Deveshwar, ITC To Y.C. Deveshwar can go the credit of pulling ITC out of its status as a pure cigarette major and ­diversifying it. Brilliant Prathap Reddy, Apollo Hospitals The idea to set up a hospital chain simmered within Dr Reddy on returning to India after a successful career in the US. He sensed the potential of good private healthcare. Brilliant A.M. Naik, Larsen & Toubro Ltd Naik’s plucky support for indigenisation helped L&T become a major supplier of missiles and weapon systems. Brilliant R.C. Bhargava, Maruti Suzuki Under Bhargava, Maruti became India’s No. 1 ­automobile ­firm and a ­precious ­profit-making ­engine for its parent Suzuki. Great Shiv Nadar, HCL Eight young men quit DCM in 1976 to create HCL in a Delhi barsati, “akin to a garage startup”.... It went on to revolutionise Indian technology. Great Kishore Biyani, Future Group It was the booming middle class that helped Biyani’s growth from Pantaloon Great Romesh Sobti, Indusind Bank Sobti’s success is due to clear strategy and innovative execution. He has also used technology to create various banking products. Great Ramesh Chauhan, Parle Group Chauhan believes that executing a project is more than just getting the job done.... He has a way of making brands a part of consumers’ lives. Great B.N. Kalyani, Bharat Forge Kalyani’s stamp is on every second truck in N. America and virtually every car in Europe—BMW, Toyota, Audi, Mercedes...all rely on his components. Great Karsanbhai Patel, Nirma Nirma surged past Hindustan Unilever and, for the better part of the 1980s, stayed ahead, courtesy Patel’s brilliance and business instincts. Great Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, Biocon Mazumdar Shaw struggled to raise capital not just because she was a woman, but because of her ambitions in a globally competitive and advanced field. Great Sanjeev Bikhchandani, Naukri.com Quitting a corporate job, Bikhchandani started Info Edge and Indmark, ­working out of a servant’s ­quarter for which he paid his dad Rs 800. Great Harsh Mariwala, Marico Innovation is one thing that’s constant with a diversifying Marico, helping it break new ground even as it competes neck-and-neck with Hindustan Lever. Great Qimat Rai Gupta (1937-2014) Havells Long before ‘Make in India’ was a slogan, Qimat Rai Gupta was born in a be-Indian-buy-Indian family! Great Y.K. Hamied, Cipla Hamied played a key role in forming the Indian Drug Manufacturers Association and successfully lobbied for patent law changes in the country. Great Dr Parvinder Singh (1943-1999) Ranbaxy Parvinder didn’t induct his sons to the company’s board, instead named senior executive D.S. Brar as Ranbaxy’s CEO. Great Mallika Srinivasan, TAFE Mallika joined TAFE in 1986 as general manager with a clear vision taking her heirloom to new heights. The Eicher ­acquisition did that for her. PHOTO NEWS BLOGS LATEST Thousands March in London Against Brexit Kerala Man Racially Abused In Australia EC Wants To Cap Anonymous Cash Donations EVM Tampering: AAP Writes to EC more>> Wonderful, Precise And Very Cool: How Do Our Money Up-Chucking Machines Work? "I'm Only Passing Through" 10 Leonard Cohen Songs That You Must Listen To Blackout For NDTV Stirs The Media Daily Curator: The Dominion Of Misunderstood Men Over Headlines Daily Curator: Of Holes Being Poked Into The Bhopal Encounter And The Origins Of Chyawanprash Watch: Viral Video Has Man Lighting Up A Line Of Crackers Attached To His Mouth more>> Was Asked To Not Speak To The Media Till Wednesday, Says Shiv Sena's Gaikwad 'Jatayu Was The First To Fight Against Terrorism,' Says PM Modi Yogi Adityanath Credits PM Modi, Amit Shah For Landmark Victory In Uttar Pradesh Indian Man From Kerala Racially Abused And Assaulted By Teenagers In Australia Rajiv Gandhi Was The Only Good Human Being In Nehru-Gandhi Family, Says Subramanian Swamy Uttar Pradesh CM Adityanath Asks BJP Functionaries To Shun Contractual Work more>> MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED A Yogi For New India Dr Verghese Kurien (1921-2012) Amul Samir Jain, The Times Group Deep Throat more>>> The Worshipful Leader Thevar Vs Thevar Seeing Is A Deadly Sin Plots Of Gold In Chowringhee more>>> Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISING RATES COPYRIGHT & DISCLAIMER COMMENTS POLICY OSM Awards Newsscroll OUTLOOK TOPICS : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 or just type initial letters main stories CURRENT ISSUE COVER STORY NATIONAL INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS BOOK REVIEWS DOCUMENTS ESSAYS EXTRACTS INTERVIEWS OPINIONS PORTRAITS PROFILES Money INVEST SPEND SAVE EARN INSURE ASK Business THE BIG STORY SPECIALS PERSPECTIVE PIXSTORY ENTERPRISE STRATEGY MARKETS C'EST LA VIE Traveller TRAVELOGUES WEEKEND BREAKS HOLIDAYS WITH OT PHOTO FEATURES HOTELS Social Media FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE RSS
