Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Array BioPharma Announces Strategic Collaboration with Merck - Novel combinations of binimetinib (MEK inhibitor) and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab, anti-PD-1 therapy) to be studied in colorectal cancer patients with microsatellite stable tumors - News provided by Array BioPharma 08 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article BOULDER, Colo., May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Array BioPharma Inc. (Nasdaq: ARRY) announced today that it has entered into a clinical trial collaboration agreement with Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) to investigate the safety and efficacy of Array's MEK inhibitor, binimetinib, with Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), in metastatic colorectal cancer patients with microsatellite stable tumors (MSS CRC). The companies are entering into this collaboration based on the growing body of preclinical and clinical evidence that the immune activity of an anti-PD-1 therapy, such as KEYTRUDA, can be enhanced when combined with a MEK inhibitor, such as binimetinib. "Array is excited to announce this partnership with Merck, an established leader in the field of immuno-oncology," said Ron Squarer, Chief Executive Officer, Array BioPharma. "Given the synergistic activity we have seen with our MEK inhibitor when combined with anti-PD-1 therapy in preclinical models, and based on emerging clinical data, we are optimistic that this combination holds great potential for cancer patients." Under the terms of the agreement, Array and Merck will collaborate on a clinical trial to investigate the safety and efficacy of the combination of binimetinib with KEYTRUDA, in MSS CRC patients. The trial is expected to establish a recommended dose regimen of binimetinib and KEYTRUDA, as well as explore the preliminary anti-tumor activity of several novel regimens. The study is expected to begin in the second half of 2017. Results from this first study will be used to determine optimal approaches to further clinical development of these combinations. The collaboration agreement is between Array BioPharma and Merck, through a subsidiary. Under the agreement, the trial will be sponsored by Merck.  Additional details of the collaboration were not disclosed. About Colorectal Cancer Worldwide, colorectal cancer is the third most common type of cancer in men and the second most common in women, with approximately 1.4 million new diagnoses in 2012. Of these, nearly 750,000 were diagnosed in men, and 614,000 in women. Globally in 2012, approximately 694,000 deaths were attributed to colorectal cancer. In the U.S. alone, an estimated 135,430 patients will be diagnosed with cancer of the colon or rectum in 2017, and approximately 50,000 are estimated to die of their disease. There is wide variation in 5-year survival rates across the globe, with 5-year survival expected to be around 65% in the developed world and dropping to around 20% in some developing countries. The incidence of microsatellite stability in colorectal tumors varies by stage, with nearly 80% of early stage, resectable tumors and approximately 67% of advanced, metastatic tumors exhibiting MSS.   About Binimetinib MEK is a key protein kinase in the MAPK signaling pathway (RAS-RAF-MEK-ERK). Research has shown this pathway regulates several key cellular activities including proliferation, differentiation, survival and angiogenesis. Inappropriate activation of proteins in this pathway has been shown to occur in many cancers, such as melanoma, colorectal and thyroid cancers. Binimetinib is a late-stage small molecule MEK inhibitor which targets key enzymes in this pathway. Binimetinib is being studied in clinical trials in advanced cancer patients, including the Phase 3 COLUMBUS trial in patients with BRAF-mutant melanoma and the Phase 3 BEACON CRC trial in patients with BRAF V600E-mutant colorectal cancer. About Array BioPharma Array BioPharma Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer.  Seven Array-owned or partnered drugs are advancing in registration studies: binimetinib (MEK162), encorafenib (LGX818), selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca), danoprevir (partnered with Roche), larotrectinib (partnered with Loxo Oncology), tucatinib (partnered with Cascadian Therapeutics) and ipatasertib (partnered with Genentech). Array BioPharma Forward-Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about the timing of the commencement of the binimetinib and KEYTRUDA clinical trial; expectations that events will occur that will result in greater value for Array; and the potential for the results of the planned clinical trial to support regulatory approval or the marketing success of the combination. These statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in our most recent annual report filed on Form 10-K, in our quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q, and in other reports filed by Array with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Because these statements reflect our current expectations concerning future events, our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, the determination by the FDA that results from clinical trials are not sufficient to support registration or marketing approval of binimetinib and encorafenib; risks associated with our dependence on third-parties to successfully conduct clinical trials within and outside the United States; our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and maintain sufficient cash resources; and our ability to attract and retain experienced scientists and management. We are providing this information as of April 8, 2017. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of events or circumstances after the date of such statements or of anticipated or unanticipated events that alter any assumptions underlying such statements. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA CONTACTS: Tricia Haugeto (303) 386-1193 thaugeto@arraybiopharma.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/array-biopharma-announces-strategic-collaboration-with-merck-300452843.html SOURCE Array BioPharma Related Links http://www.arraybiopharma.com 03 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Array Biopharma To Report Financial Results For The Third Quarter Of Fiscal 2017 On May 10, 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09 Feb, 2017, 08:30 ET Array Biopharma To Report Financial Results For The Third Quarter... 09 Feb, 2017, 08:30 ET Array BioPharma Reports Financial Results For The Second Quarter... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Joint Ventures You just read: Array BioPharma Announces Strategic Collaboration with Merck News provided by Array BioPharma 08 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Array BioPharma Announces Strategic Collaboration with Merck - Novel combinations of binimetinib (MEK inhibitor) and KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab, anti-PD-1 therapy) to be studied in colorectal cancer patients with microsatellite stable tumors - BOULDER, Colo., May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Array BioPharma Inc. (Nasdaq: ARRY) announced today that it has entered into a clinical trial collaboration agreement with Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) to investigate the safety and efficacy of Array's MEK inhibitor, binimetinib, with Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), in metastatic colorectal cancer patients with microsatellite stable tumors (MSS CRC). The companies are entering into this collaboration based on the growing body of preclinical and clinical evidence that the immune activity of an anti-PD-1 therapy, such as KEYTRUDA, can be enhanced when combined with a MEK inhibitor, such as binimetinib. "Array is excited to announce this partnership with Merck, an established leader in the field of immuno-oncology," said Ron Squarer, Chief Executive Officer, Array BioPharma. "Given the synergistic activity we have seen with our MEK inhibitor when combined with anti-PD-1 therapy in preclinical models, and based on emerging clinical data, we are optimistic that this combination holds great potential for cancer patients." Under the terms of the agreement, Array and Merck will collaborate on a clinical trial to investigate the safety and efficacy of the combination of binimetinib with KEYTRUDA, in MSS CRC patients. The trial is expected to establish a recommended dose regimen of binimetinib and KEYTRUDA, as well as explore the preliminary anti-tumor activity of several novel regimens. The study is expected to begin in the second half of 2017. Results from this first study will be used to determine optimal approaches to further clinical development of these combinations. The collaboration agreement is between Array BioPharma and Merck, through a subsidiary. Under the agreement, the trial will be sponsored by Merck.  Additional details of the collaboration were not disclosed. About Colorectal Cancer Worldwide, colorectal cancer is the third most common type of cancer in men and the second most common in women, with approximately 1.4 million new diagnoses in 2012. Of these, nearly 750,000 were diagnosed in men, and 614,000 in women. Globally in 2012, approximately 694,000 deaths were attributed to colorectal cancer. In the U.S. alone, an estimated 135,430 patients will be diagnosed with cancer of the colon or rectum in 2017, and approximately 50,000 are estimated to die of their disease. There is wide variation in 5-year survival rates across the globe, with 5-year survival expected to be around 65% in the developed world and dropping to around 20% in some developing countries. The incidence of microsatellite stability in colorectal tumors varies by stage, with nearly 80% of early stage, resectable tumors and approximately 67% of advanced, metastatic tumors exhibiting MSS.   About Binimetinib MEK is a key protein kinase in the MAPK signaling pathway (RAS-RAF-MEK-ERK). Research has shown this pathway regulates several key cellular activities including proliferation, differentiation, survival and angiogenesis. Inappropriate activation of proteins in this pathway has been shown to occur in many cancers, such as melanoma, colorectal and thyroid cancers. Binimetinib is a late-stage small molecule MEK inhibitor which targets key enzymes in this pathway. Binimetinib is being studied in clinical trials in advanced cancer patients, including the Phase 3 COLUMBUS trial in patients with BRAF-mutant melanoma and the Phase 3 BEACON CRC trial in patients with BRAF V600E-mutant colorectal cancer. About Array BioPharma Array BioPharma Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer.  Seven Array-owned or partnered drugs are advancing in registration studies: binimetinib (MEK162), encorafenib (LGX818), selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca), danoprevir (partnered with Roche), larotrectinib (partnered with Loxo Oncology), tucatinib (partnered with Cascadian Therapeutics) and ipatasertib (partnered with Genentech). Array BioPharma Forward-Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about the timing of the commencement of the binimetinib and KEYTRUDA clinical trial; expectations that events will occur that will result in greater value for Array; and the potential for the results of the planned clinical trial to support regulatory approval or the marketing success of the combination. These statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in our most recent annual report filed on Form 10-K, in our quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q, and in other reports filed by Array with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Because these statements reflect our current expectations concerning future events, our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, the determination by the FDA that results from clinical trials are not sufficient to support registration or marketing approval of binimetinib and encorafenib; risks associated with our dependence on third-parties to successfully conduct clinical trials within and outside the United States; our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and maintain sufficient cash resources; and our ability to attract and retain experienced scientists and management. We are providing this information as of April 8, 2017. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of events or circumstances after the date of such statements or of anticipated or unanticipated events that alter any assumptions underlying such statements. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA CONTACTS: Tricia Haugeto (303) 386-1193 thaugeto@arraybiopharma.com   SOURCE Array BioPharma CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Clinical Trials/Medical Discoveries, Health Care/Hospitals, Joint Ventures, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Breaking Data’s GIVEMESPORT Partners with McLaren Racing for the World’s Fastest Gamer Competition Next PostNext InterRent REIT Results for the First Quarter of 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Today: May 9, 2017, 9:03 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Health Good Growth Opportunities in Global Remicade Biosimilar Market Till 2026 Remicade Biosimilar Market Share Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the “Remicade Biosimilar Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment 2016-2026 ”report to their offering.   PR-Inside.com: 2017-05-08 13:51:11 About the drug and drug class: Biosimilar can be defined as a type of biological product that is highly similar to an already FDA approved drug, known as reference biological product. Biosimilars are drugs licensed by U.S. FDA and European Medicine Agency (EMA) and reflect no clinical and meaningful differences from the reference products in terms of safety, purity, efficacy and effectiveness. These biosimilar drugs can only be approved for the indications and conditions that have been previously approved for the reference product by big regulatory agencies. Remicade (infliximab) is a monoclonal antibody originally produced by Janssen Biotech Inc., and Merck & Co. (MSD) in partnership and licensed by the U.S. FDA in 1998. It is used in the treatment of Crohn’s disease in both adult and pediatric patients. Additionally it is also used for treatment of active ulcerative colitis, moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methroxate, spinal and active psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis. The U.S. FDA has approved a biosimilar drug similar to Remicade, named Inflectra, on 05 April, 2016, which is expected to erode the market share of Remicade due to lower competitive pricing. Inflectra (infliximab dyyb) is sold in the European market, after receiving an approval from the EMA’s CHMP in June, 2013 under the brand name Remsima (developed by South Korea’s Celltrion Healthcare and marketed by Pfizer’s Hospira). The drug Remsima is sold at a discount of 30% than that of original Remicade in 11 European markets including UK, France, Germany and Italy. Another Japanese company, Nippon Kayaku launched Infliximab BS in Japan on 28 November 2014 – however, the Japanese license only covers Crohn’s disease, rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis indications. The U.S. FDA has now launched Remicade’s biosimilar Inflectra, which is only the second biosimilar drug to be approved by the agency. Request Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1413 Drivers and Restraints: Drivers for the Remicade biosimilar include rising incidence of autoimmune diseases particularly rheumatoid arthritis and plaque psoriasis, early patent expiry of the branded version, discounted pricing across the European market and faster reaction times due to intravenous mode of administration. Further, entry of biosimilar version could provide financial relief on healthcare systems and improve patient’s accessibility to essential medication. Barriers of the Remicade biosimilar include serious side effects associated with the use of drug that could lead to hospitalization or even be fatal. These include tuberculosis, bacterial sepsis, invasive fungal infections (such as histoplasmosis) and others. As such, manufacturer of the drug has been mandated to include a “Boxed Warning” to alert both healthcare professionals and patients. Further, complex nature of the molecule and lack of FDA approved facilities for manufacturing the drug are factors that could restrain the growth of the drug’s market in developing regions. Market Segmentation: The Remicade (infliximab) biosimilar market is segmented based on approved disease indications and regions. By Disease Indication Crohn’s disease Rheumatoid arthritis Ankylosing spondylitis Psoriatic arthritis Ulcerative Colitis Plaque psoriasis By Regions North America Western Europe Eastern Europe Asia Pacific excluding Japan Japan Latin America MEA Request For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1413 Market Overview: Early loss of patent exclusivity is one the major factors that could fuel attractive market growth of the Remicade biosimilar over the forthcoming years. Rising prevalence of relevant autoimmune disorders coupled with discounted pricing of the Remicade biosimilar in European markets are factors expected to contribute to increased referral and consumption of the drug. Development of faster approval procedures and proper U.S. FDA approved manufacturing facilities in the regional nodal countries are factors that contribute to increased drug uptake. Further, distinct naming and transparent labeling to ensure correct prescribing and dispensing and enhanced post-marketing surveillance are factors that could contribute largely towards prescriber confidence, and enhanced market uptake of the drug over the coming years. However, safety issues concerning manufacturing facilities along with potential side effects of drug consumption could hamper for acceptance of infliximab biosimilar over the long run. Remicade Biosimilar Market: Region- wise Outlook: Depending on geographic regions, global Remicade biosimilar market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, South America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan and Middle East & Africa. In terms of geography, Europe dominates the Remicade biosimilar market, followed by Japan and Latin America. The prime reason for the same is the launch of the biosimilar version soon after the patent expiry of the branded version. However, systematic and faster drug review process is expected to create revenue traction in markets over North America and other regions. Stringent regulatory approval procedures and streamlined manufacturing guidelines, particularly in the Central and South American nations, could lead to development of effective regional manufacturing and distribution strategies for Remicade biosimilars. Finally, rising government support for development of biosimilar drugs and low switching tendency from physicians secure the future market growth of the biosimilar in the near term. Remicade Biosimilar Market: Key Players: Some of the key market players in Remicade (infliximab – mAb) market are Janssen Biotech Inc., Merck &Co., Pfizer Inc. (AC. Hospira), Celltrion Inc., Alvogen, Napp Pharmaceuticals, and Nippon Kayaku. Press Information Future market insights Future Market Insights 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States 3479183531 email Published by Abhishek Budholiya +1-347-918-3531 e-mail www.futuremarketinsights.com # 873 Words Related Articles More From The Author Emerging Opportunities in Hepatocellular Carcinoma HCC [..] Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is also known as malignant hepatoma. HCC is the major malignancy of the liver and is found [..] Hemostasis Testing Systems Market Analysis and Segments [..] Hemostasis is a process of preventing bleeding of a damaged blood vessel. Hemostasis is the first stage of wound healing [..] Greek Yogurt Market Shares Strategies and Forecast [..] Currently, greek yogurt is one of the most popular dairy products across the globe. Since greek yogurt is prepared through [..] Market Research on Macadamia Market 2016 and [..] Macadamia nut was introduced in the early 1960s to the Kenyan highlands from Australia. Macadamia is a member of the [..] Malt Market 2016-2026 Shares Trend and Growth [..] Malt is a product prepared from grains through a malting process, which involves partial germination, to modify the grains’ natural [..]   More From Health Novotech signs MOU with South Korea's leading [..] SYDNEY, Australia and SEOUL, Korea - (ACN Newswire) - Asia Pacific specialist CRO Novotech announced today it has signed a [..] Digital Media & Commerce Company WellSeeker Announces [..] Digital media and commerce company, WellSeeker announced their official launch today. The wellness and self-care focused brand’s [..] Ultrasounds can decrease bone density Prolonged prenatal ultrasound exposure leads to decreased bone density and strength in young rabbits. Selangor, Malaysia, Mar [..] Frost & Sullivan independent industry report identifies [..] PERTH, W. AUSTRALIA, Mar 28, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - Proteomics International Laboratories Ltd (PILL; ASX:PIQ) is the leader in [..] New dynamics in monitoring diagnostics in leukemia Dresden/Germany Diagnosis leukemia and stem cell transplantation The diagnosis "leukemia" for patients means to undergo [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Array BioPharma Announces Strategic Collaboration with Merck BOULDER, Colo., May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Array BioPharma Inc. (Nasdaq: ARRY) announced today that it has entered into a clinical trial collaboration agreement with Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada) to investigate the safety and efficacy of Array’s MEK inhibitor, binimetinib, with Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), in metastatic colorectal cancer patients with microsatellite stable tumors (MSS CRC). The companies are entering into this collaboration based on the growing body of preclinical and clinical evidence that the immune activity of an anti-PD-1 therapy, such as KEYTRUDA, can be enhanced when combined with a MEK inhibitor, such as binimetinib. „Array is excited to announce this partnership with Merck, an established leader in the field of immuno-oncology,” said Ron Squarer, Chief Executive Officer, Array BioPharma. „Given the synergistic activity we have seen with our MEK inhibitor when combined with anti-PD-1 therapy in preclinical models, and based on emerging clinical data, we are optimistic that this combination holds great potential for cancer patients.” Under the terms of the agreement, Array and Merck will collaborate on a clinical trial to investigate the safety and efficacy of the combination of binimetinib with KEYTRUDA, in MSS CRC patients. The trial is expected to establish a recommended dose regimen of binimetinib and KEYTRUDA, as well as explore the preliminary anti-tumor activity of several novel regimens. The study is expected to begin in the second half of 2017. Results from this first study will be used to determine optimal approaches to further clinical development of these combinations. The collaboration agreement is between Array BioPharma and Merck, through a subsidiary. Under the agreement, the trial will be sponsored by Merck.  Additional details of the collaboration were not disclosed. About Colorectal Cancer Worldwide, colorectal cancer is the third most common type of cancer in men and the second most common in women, with approximately 1.4 million new diagnoses in 2012. Of these, nearly 750,000 were diagnosed in men, and 614,000 in women. Globally in 2012, approximately 694,000 deaths were attributed to colorectal cancer. In the U.S. alone, an estimated 135,430 patients will be diagnosed with cancer of the colon or rectum in 2017, and approximately 50,000 are estimated to die of their disease. There is wide variation in 5-year survival rates across the globe, with 5-year survival expected to be around 65% in the developed world and dropping to around 20% in some developing countries. The incidence of microsatellite stability in colorectal tumors varies by stage, with nearly 80% of early stage, resectable tumors and approximately 67% of advanced, metastatic tumors exhibiting MSS.   About Binimetinib MEK is a key protein kinase in the MAPK signaling pathway (RAS-RAF-MEK-ERK). Research has shown this pathway regulates several key cellular activities including proliferation, differentiation, survival and angiogenesis. Inappropriate activation of proteins in this pathway has been shown to occur in many cancers, such as melanoma, colorectal and thyroid cancers. Binimetinib is a late-stage small molecule MEK inhibitor which targets key enzymes in this pathway. Binimetinib is being studied in clinical trials in advanced cancer patients, including the Phase 3 COLUMBUS trial in patients with BRAF-mutant melanoma and the Phase 3 BEACON CRC trial in patients with BRAF V600E-mutant colorectal cancer. About Array BioPharma Array BioPharma Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer.  Seven Array-owned or partnered drugs are advancing in registration studies: binimetinib (MEK162), encorafenib (LGX818), selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca), danoprevir (partnered with Roche), larotrectinib (partnered with Loxo Oncology), tucatinib (partnered with Cascadian Therapeutics) and ipatasertib (partnered with Genentech). Array BioPharma Forward-Looking Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about the timing of the commencement of the binimetinib and KEYTRUDA clinical trial; expectations that events will occur that will result in greater value for Array; and the potential for the results of the planned clinical trial to support regulatory approval or the marketing success of the combination. These statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in our most recent annual report filed on Form 10-K, in our quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q, and in other reports filed by Array with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Because these statements reflect our current expectations concerning future events, our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, the determination by the FDA that results from clinical trials are not sufficient to support registration or marketing approval of binimetinib and encorafenib; risks associated with our dependence on third-parties to successfully conduct clinical trials within and outside the United States; our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and maintain sufficient cash resources; and our ability to attract and retain experienced scientists and management. We are providing this information as of April 8, 2017. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of events or circumstances after the date of such statements or of anticipated or unanticipated events that alter any assumptions underlying such statements. KEYTRUDA® is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/array-biopharma-announces-strategic-collaboration-with-merck-300452843.html SOURCE Array BioPharma Related Links http://www.arraybiopharma.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsClinical Trials & Medical Discoveries, Joint Ventures Post navigation Previous PostPrevious @yoocandoanything Instagram Account Launched to Unite People With Disabilities from Around the World Next PostNext Supermicro Systems disponibiliza 170 TFLOPS FP16 de desempenho máximo para inteligência artificial e aprendizagem profunda na GTC 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CT Financial Advisors LLC Has $260,000 Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Northstar Group Inc. Has $1.356 Million Position in Facebook Inc (FB) Facebook Inc (FB) Shares Bought by Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC F&V Capital Management LLC Has $87 Million Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Triangle Securities Wealth Management Has $2.545 Million Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Has $775,000 Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Lau Associates LLC Raises Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Earns Hold Rating from Peel Hunt Ergomed PLC (ERGO) Given New GBX 304 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Derwent London Plc’s (DLN) Top pick Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Dalata Hotel Group Plc’s (DAL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Berenberg Bank ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 400 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 4,580 Shares of CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Chevron Co. (CVX) Upgraded at TheStreet Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Pegasus Partners Ltd. Sells 86,807 Shares of Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Spire Inc (SR) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC CT Financial Advisors LLC Has $260,000 Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CT Financial Advisors LLC decreased its position in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 13.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 4,089 shares of the company’s stock after selling 645 shares during the period. CT Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $260,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Evergreen Capital Management LLC raised its position in Merck & Co. by 14.1% in the third quarter. Evergreen Capital Management LLC now owns 4,091 shares of the company’s stock worth $255,000 after buying an additional 506 shares during the last quarter. Coastline Trust Co raised its position in Merck & Co. by 0.6% in the third quarter. Coastline Trust Co now owns 55,851 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,486,000 after buying an additional 335 shares during the last quarter. LaFleur & Godfrey LLC raised its position in Merck & Co. by 5.2% in the third quarter. LaFleur & Godfrey LLC now owns 229,420 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,318,000 after buying an additional 11,440 shares during the last quarter. Hayek Kallen Investment Management raised its position in Merck & Co. by 0.4% in the third quarter. Hayek Kallen Investment Management now owns 12,470 shares of the company’s stock worth $778,000 after buying an additional 44 shares during the last quarter. Finally, GWM Advisors LLC raised its position in Merck & Co. by 77.5% in the third quarter. GWM Advisors LLC now owns 11,198 shares of the company’s stock worth $700,000 after buying an additional 4,891 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.97 on Monday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $63.09 and a 200-day moving average of $62.51. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 12-month low of $53.06 and a 12-month high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. Merck & Co.’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.89 EPS. Analysts expect that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.82 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/ct-financial-advisors-llc-has-260000-stake-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on MRK shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Guggenheim raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $61.63 to $70.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Merck & Co. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $65.00 to $71.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 target price on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $67.68. In related news, Director Patricia F. Russo sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.42, for a total value of $322,100.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 18,148 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,169,094.16. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Human Papillomavirus and Cytomegalovirus Therapeutics Market by Geography Products Analyzers 2014 – 2020 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/08/2017 — The global market for HPV and CMV therapeutics features numerous healthcare industry giants such as Roche AG, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, AbbVie Inc., Fresenius Kabi USA, Perrigo Company plc, Actavis plc, Fougera Pharmaceuticals, and Merck & Co. According to Transparency Market Research, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Fougera Pharmaceuticals, and Perrigo Company plc held a dominant 89.2% share in the global HPV therapeutics market in 2013, while the leaders in the CMV therapeutics market were Roche AG, Clinigen Group plc, and Fresenius Kabi USA, who collectively accounted for 93% of the market. The key opportunity for manufacturers of HPV and CMV therapeutics is the development of biologics and drugs with a low risk of possible toxicity. HPV therapeutics, in particular, have benefited immensely from the growing awareness about the adverse effects of the HPV vaccine. On the other hand, the CMV therapeutics is set to witness a growing demand for CMV vaccines, leading to players operating in both markets having to establish research into both product lines. This could result in increased consolidation of the HPV and CMV therapeutics market in the coming years, as smaller players may not be able to afford developing both product lines. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hpv-cmv-therapeutics-market.html Expanding Healthcare Sector in Emerging Economies to Drive Demand for HPV, CMV Therapeutics The prime driver for the global HPV and CMV therapeutics market is the increasing prevalence of both diseases in emerging regions such as Asia Pacific and Latin America. The ongoing cultural shift in these regions has contributed to an increase in the prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases and is thus a driver for the HPV therapeutics market. Thanks to the rapid ongoing development of the healthcare sector, developing regions present lucrative opportunities for manufacturers of both HPV and CMV therapeutics. This has led to many leading market players focusing on maximizing their performance in underdeveloped/developing economies. The increasing demand for replacements for HPV vaccines is another key driver for the global HPV therapeutics market. Digestive distress, fever, headaches, and skin irritations at the site of the injection are some of the side effects of the HPV vaccine. The growing awareness regarding the risk of the same has resulted in growing public demand for HPV therapeutics instead. Lack of Awareness in Key Markets Hurting HPV, CMV Therapeutics Market On the other hand, despite the advancements in the healthcare sector, the lack of awareness about the etiology and treatment of HPV and CMV is hampering the market in emerging regions, as the rate of diagnosis among patients is quite low. This is a key restraint for the HPV and CMV therapeutics market in the coming years and is likely to be ameliorated by sustained efforts from healthcare bodies as well as manufacturers of HPV and CMV therapeutics. Genital Warts to Remain Leading Application of HPV Therapeutics Of the various ways in which HPV manifests, genital warts are the leading demand driver for HPV therapeutics. The high number of HPV strains that can cause genital warts, particularly when the disease is contracted through sexual contact, is responsible for the dominant share of the genital warts segment in the HPV therapeutics market. By drug class, ganciclovir and valganciclovir dominate the demand from the CMV therapeutics market, while immunomodulators are the leading class of drugs prescribed for HPV. Geographically, North America is the leading market for HPV and CMV therapeutics, with the regional HPV therapeutics market’s revenue expected to reach US$597.3 mn and the CMV therapeutics market’s revenue expected to reach US$202.2 mn by the end of 2016. Despite the substantial growth prospects of the Asia Pacific and Latin America markets for HPV and CMV therapeutics, the growing sexually active population and the ease of obtaining diagnostics and therapeutics in North America are likely to keep the latter dominant in the coming years. The global markets for HPV and CMV therapeutics are expected to reach a valuation of US$2.3 bn and US$0.9 bn, respectively, by 2020. The information presented in this review is based on a Transparency Market Research report, titled, ‚Human Papillomavirus and Cytomegalovirus Therapeutics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2014 – 2020.’ Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=3986 About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR Syndicated Research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemical, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, our syndicated reports thrive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: https://tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Glass Mold Market – Industry Trends, Key Players, Manufacturing Process, Machinery, Raw Materials, Cost and Revenue 2022 Next PostNext Atrial Fibrillation-Market Insights & Drugs Sales Forecast (AF) -2020 Search Recent Posts Sales Market Analysis: Global Viral Vectors and Plasmid DNA Manufacturing Market Research Report 2017 Car Wash System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Global Pet Insurance Industry Revenue and Market Growth Rate Available Online at Orbisresearch.com Clean TeQ Holdings Ltd, Melbourne (CTEQF: OTCQX International) | Change of Director’s Interest Notice Daily Press Briefing by Press Secretary Sean Spicer — #45 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Conjunctivitis Drugs Market to Reach Around USD 1.08 billion by 2022 Conjunctivitis Drugs Market Global conjunctivitis drugs market which is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.1% from 2016 to 2022. PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 8, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Highlights Conjunctivitis is an eye condition characterized by inflammation of external white part and eyelids. Although this medical condition is caused due to various factors but bacterial and virus are most prominent causes accounting for more than 50% cases of conjunctivitis. The Conjunctivitis Drugs Market is facing stagnant growth in developed regions. Also, a number of patents which have expired such as Moxeza, Besivance, Vigamox, and Zymaxid have dampened the market growth. The market is further characterized by easy entry but high competition which has resulted into greater penetration by generics. The best strategy for firms is market development especially the Asian Pacific market which is poised to lead the growth of the global market in the near future. The market is further dampened by the better efficacy and broad spectrum of anti-bacterial drugs led by quinolones. Quinolones especially Fluoroquinolones has a dominant market share for conjunctivitis. The research pipeline is somewhat weak with many other classes of antibiotics exhibiting greater toxicity. Thus, quinolones have immensely raised the acceptable bar for newer drugs. The market is chiefly driven by unmet needs in developing regions along with greater awareness and rising incomes in these regions. These reasons along with contagious nature of the disease along with rise of drug resistance also driving the market of other antibiotics which has greater toxicity such as macrolide class. Off label drug use is also one of the market drivers due to cheap generics and greater availability of these drugs. Major Participants of this Market Are: – Akorn Pharmaceuticals – Alcon/ Novartis AG – Allergan Plc – Bausch & Lomb – Valeant Pharmaceuticals – Merck & Co. Inc. – Actavis Plc. – Pfizer Inc. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2513 Global Conjunctivitis Drugs market: The global conjunctivitis drugs market has been evaluated to be growing and it is expected that it will touch high growth figures in future. The global conjunctivitis drugs market is expected to grow with CAGR of 3.1% in future. Market development and diversification into Asian Pacific market seems to have better strategy for the current situation. Regional Analysis: Depending on geographic region, conjunctivitis drugs market is segmented into four key regions: America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Globally, America is the largest market for conjunctivitis drugs followed by Europe. However, the developed regions market is stagnant and any future growth will be led by the developing regions especially Asia pacific region. The unmet drug needs and greater awareness are prime driver of the conjunctivitis drugs market. Greater exposure to allergens and infective agents is also driving the market’s growth. Segmentation: Global conjunctivitis drugs market has been segmented on the basis of conjunctivitis type which comprises of viral, bacterial, allergic and others types of conjunctivitis. On the basis of drug class; market is segmented into antibiotics (quinolones, aminoglycosides, macrolides and others), mast cell stabilizers, steroids and others. On the basis of route of administration; market is segmented into topical, oral and intra-vitreal. On the basis of end users; market is segmented into hospitals and self-administered. Browse Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/conjunctivitis-drugs-market-2513 Intended Audience: – Conjunctivitis drugs manufacturers – Conjunctivitis drugs suppliers – Private research laboratories – Research and development (R& D) companies – Market research and consulting service providers – Government research laboratories – Contract manufacturing organizations Related Report Global Anesthesia Drugs Market is expected to grow at the average CAGR of 3.7% during 2015-2022. Global Anesthesia Drugs Market is expected to grow US$ 4.9 billion by 2022 from US$ 3.1 billion in 2015. https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/anesthesia-drugs-market-2508 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Osteoarthritis Therapeutic and Drug Pipeline Review H2 Next PostNext Global Conjunctivitis Drugs Market to Reach Around USD 1.08 billion by 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Conjunctivitis Drugs Market to Reach Around USD 1.08 billion by 2022 Conjunctivitis Drugs Market Global conjunctivitis drugs market which is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.1% from 2016 to 2022. PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 8, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Highlights Conjunctivitis is an eye condition characterized by inflammation of external white part and eyelids. Although this medical condition is caused due to various factors but bacterial and virus are most prominent causes accounting for more than 50% cases of conjunctivitis. The Conjunctivitis Drugs Market is facing stagnant growth in developed regions. Also, a number of patents which have expired such as Moxeza, Besivance, Vigamox, and Zymaxid have dampened the market growth. The market is further characterized by easy entry but high competition which has resulted into greater penetration by generics. The best strategy for firms is market development especially the Asian Pacific market which is poised to lead the growth of the global market in the near future. The market is further dampened by the better efficacy and broad spectrum of anti-bacterial drugs led by quinolones. Quinolones especially Fluoroquinolones has a dominant market share for conjunctivitis. The research pipeline is somewhat weak with many other classes of antibiotics exhibiting greater toxicity. Thus, quinolones have immensely raised the acceptable bar for newer drugs. The market is chiefly driven by unmet needs in developing regions along with greater awareness and rising incomes in these regions. These reasons along with contagious nature of the disease along with rise of drug resistance also driving the market of other antibiotics which has greater toxicity such as macrolide class. Off label drug use is also one of the market drivers due to cheap generics and greater availability of these drugs. Major Participants of this Market Are: – Akorn Pharmaceuticals – Alcon/ Novartis AG – Allergan Plc – Bausch & Lomb – Valeant Pharmaceuticals – Merck & Co. Inc. – Actavis Plc. – Pfizer Inc. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2513 Global Conjunctivitis Drugs market: The global conjunctivitis drugs market has been evaluated to be growing and it is expected that it will touch high growth figures in future. The global conjunctivitis drugs market is expected to grow with CAGR of 3.1% in future. Market development and diversification into Asian Pacific market seems to have better strategy for the current situation. Regional Analysis: Depending on geographic region, conjunctivitis drugs market is segmented into four key regions: America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Globally, America is the largest market for conjunctivitis drugs followed by Europe. However, the developed regions market is stagnant and any future growth will be led by the developing regions especially Asia pacific region. The unmet drug needs and greater awareness are prime driver of the conjunctivitis drugs market. Greater exposure to allergens and infective agents is also driving the market’s growth. Segmentation: Global conjunctivitis drugs market has been segmented on the basis of conjunctivitis type which comprises of viral, bacterial, allergic and others types of conjunctivitis. On the basis of drug class; market is segmented into antibiotics (quinolones, aminoglycosides, macrolides and others), mast cell stabilizers, steroids and others. On the basis of route of administration; market is segmented into topical, oral and intra-vitreal. On the basis of end users; market is segmented into hospitals and self-administered. Browse Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/conjunctivitis-drugs-market-2513 Intended Audience: – Conjunctivitis drugs manufacturers – Conjunctivitis drugs suppliers – Private research laboratories – Research and development (R& D) companies – Market research and consulting service providers – Government research laboratories – Contract manufacturing organizations Related Report Global Anesthesia Drugs Market is expected to grow at the average CAGR of 3.7% during 2015-2022. Global Anesthesia Drugs Market is expected to grow US$ 4.9 billion by 2022 from US$ 3.1 billion in 2015. https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/anesthesia-drugs-market-2508 About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Conjunctivitis Drugs Market to Reach Around USD 1.08 billion by 2022 Next PostNext Global DHA Algae Oil Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Buy Generic Zocor Cheapest * Money Back Guarantee * Cheap Pharmacy No Rx Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 8 de Maio de 2017 Buy Generic Zocor Cheapest Generic Zocor Best Place To Order Zocor. Zocor (Simvastatin) is an hmg-coa reductase inhibitor or “statin” used to lower bad cholesterol (LDL) and triglyceride levels in your blood or to raise good cholesterol (HDL) levels in adults.  Generic Zocor is one the best medications proven to lower bad cholesterol! Generic Zocor may also be marketed as:Lipex, Simovil, Simvastatin, Simvotin, Zocord. *Zocor® is manufactured by Merck & Co. Rating 4.3 stars, based on 294 comments Price start from $0.78 Per pill Follow this link to Order Generic Zocor (Simvastatin) NOW! Zocor Online For Cheap Buy Generic Simvastatin Safely Order Zocor Online Review Köp Cheap Zocor Holland Buy Online Zocor Belgique Ny Cheap Zocor Where To Get Safe Way To Buy Simvastatin Online Peut Acheter Simvastatin Internet Köp Online Zocor Miami Acheter Generic Zocor Detroit Purchase Generic Zocor Inglaterra Cheap Simvastatin Order Simvastatin Online Pharmacy Simvastatin Tablets Buy Online Acheter Cheap Zocor Miami Combien Generic Zocor Sydney Where To Purchase Generic Zocor England Buy Cheap Zocor Zürich generic Professional Viagra Combien Online Zocor Dallas, Purchase Cheap Zocor Dallas, Köp Online Zocor Washington, Generic Zocor Order Simvastatin Best Buys, Achat Online Zocor Spain, Buy Simvastatin Generic Cheap, Buy Online Zocor Atlanta, Costo Di Zocor, Where To Order Generic Zocor Philadelphia, Buy Zocor Feedback, Zocor Cheap Online Pharmacy, Beställ Online Zocor Dallas, Zocor No Prescription Order, No Prescription Zocor Cheap, Where To Purchase Generic Zocor Houston, Quanto Costa Il Zocor In Francia, Combien Online Zocor San Francisco, Simvastatin Tablets Buy, Zocor Daily Use Buy Online, Avis Achat Simvastatin Sur Internet, Acheter Online Zocor L’espagne, Achat De Zocor Au Québec, Boston Cheap Zocor Where To Purchase, Zocor Order By Phone, Purchase Simvastatin Prescription, Zocor To Buy Online, Where To Purchase Generic Zocor Usa, Buy Zocor No Prescription Online, Best Site To Order Zocor Online, Where To Buy Online Zocor Odense, Wholesale Zocor Price, Cheapest Place To Get Simvastatin, Purchase Online Zocor Angleterre, Buy Zocor Original Online Safely, Buy Discount Generic Simvastatin, Buy Zocor For Cheap From Us Pharmacy, Achat En Ligne Simvastatin Generique, Cheapest Simvastatin Suppliers, Where To Purchase Generic Zocor Dallas, Has Anyone Ordered Simvastatin Online, Achat Zocor Angleterre, Simvastatin Pills On Sale, Köp Online Zocor Sydney, Safe Site Purchase Simvastatin, Cost Of Zocor Pills, Buy Simvastatin With Online Prescription, Where To Purchase Online Zocor Spain, Combien Online Zocor Switzerland, How Do I Order Simvastatin, Cheap Zocor Generic Buy, Cost Zocor Without Insurance, Cheap Zocor Next Day Shipping, Cost Of Low Dose Zocor, Billig Online Zocor Inghilterra, Achat Online Zocor Uae, Zocor On Sale Online, Cheap Simvastatin Tablets, Buy Cheap Zocor Pills, How To Order Simvastatin Online Safely, Simvastatin Buy Overnight, Buy Simvastatin Online Lowest Price, Buying Zocor, Simvastatin Online Genuine To Buy, Buy Cheap Generic Simvastatin Online, Billig Online Zocor Detroit, Acheter Zocor Ligne Pas Cher, Köp Online Zocor Houston, Canadian Pharmacy Cheap Simvastatin, Zocor Generic Mail Order, Achat Cheap Zocor Norway, Peut Acheter Zocor Internet, Acheter Cheap Zocor Phoenix, Costo Simvastatin México Neurontin en Suisse Billig Viagra Soft 100 mg generic Acticin Vente Sinequan 75 mg Pharmacie 39ekCJy Related Posts Grandi sconti, senza ricetta :: Conveniente 40 mg Benicar :: Spedizione gratuita Köpa Glipizide Mot Postförskott / inget recept / Billig Apotek På Nätet Overnight Piller Shop, Säker Och Anonym Beställa Zyloprim Utan Recept Acquistare Generico Vermox In linea – Affidabile, veloce e sicuro – Migliori Online Pharmacy-offerte Migliore farmacia Per ordinare Sildenafil Citrate 100 mg – Consultazioni Doctor gratis – Migliore farmacia nominale in linea Lagligt Köpa Losartan På Nätet / Legal På Nätet Apotek / Alla kreditkort accepteras Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet BitCoin accepté * Acheter Professional Viagra En Pharmacie... Anterior Acheter Mebeverine France. Meilleure offre sur les médicaments... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Acute Asthma Therapeutics Review Report, H1: Major Companies, Regions, Prominent Sponsors 2017 Therapeutic report, “Acute Asthma Global Clinical Trials Review, H1, 2017” has a summary of Acute Asthma Therapeutics scenario. Acute Asthma market report provides top line data relating to the Therapeutics on Acute Asthma. Report includes a summary of trial numbers and their average enrollment in top countries conducted throughout the globe. Acute Asthma Therapeutics Review Report are generated using database – Pharma e-Track Therapeutics database. Acute Asthma Therapeutics are collated from 80+ different Therapeutic registries, conferences, journals, news etc throughout the globe. Therapeutics database undergoes periodic update by dynamic process. The Acute Asthma Therapeutics Review Report enhances your decision-making capabilities and helps to generate a powerful counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Acute Asthma report provides Clinical Trials by Region. The report offers Clinical Trials and Average Enrolment by Country. Top Companies covered in Acute Asthma Report: Merck & Co Inc, AstraZeneca Plc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Otsuka Holdings Co Ltd. Acute Asthma report covers following Regions: Asia-Pacific, Europe, North America and Middle East and Africa. For more information about Acute Asthma Report ask for PDF sample @ https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10698463 Acute Asthma Report provides top level data related to the clinical trials by Region, Country (G7 & E7), Trial Status, Trial Phase, Sponsor Type and End point status. Acute Asthma Review Report Assists in defining key business techniques as to venture, Helps in recognizing noticeable areas for directing clinical trials which spares time and cost, Provides best level investigation of Global Clinical Trials Market which helps in distinguishing key business openings, Supports comprehension of trials tally and enlistment inclines by nation in worldwide therapeutics showcase, Aids in translating the achievement rates of clinical trials by giving a near situation of finished and uncompleted (ended, suspended or pulled back) trials, Facilitates clinical trial appraisal of the sign on a worldwide, local and nation level. Scope of Acute Asthma Review Report: The Acute Asthma report gives a depiction of the worldwide clinical trials scene, Acute Asthma report surveys beat organizations included and enrolls all trials (Trial title, Phase, and Status) relating to the organization, Acute Asthma report gives all the unaccomplished trials (Terminated, Suspended and Withdrawn) with explanation behind un-achievement, Acute Asthma Report gives enlistment patterns to the previous five years, Acute Asthma Trial Review Report gives most recent news to the previous three months. Any Query on above? Ask to our Expert @ https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10698463 The Acute Asthma Therapeutic report likewise offers scope of disease clinical trials by area, nation (G7 and E7), stage, trial status, end focuses status and support sort. Report additionally gives prominent drugs for in-advance trials (in view of amount of continuous trials). CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAcute Asthma, Acute Asthma Therapeutics Review Report, Acute Asthma Therapeutics Review Report Review Report, Acute Asthma Therapeutics Review Report Trials Review Report, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Trunking System Market-Luxon LED, Zumtobel Group, Havells Sylvania, Philips Lighting Holding Next PostNext Heavy Oil Market Overview, Growth Opportunities, Emerging Market Demands, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Eric Edson Interviewed by Film Courage Tick Tock Toys Launches Successful Kickstarter Campaign For Fidget Spinner Oncologist and Diagnostics Conference August 28-30, 2017 Brussels, Belgium 50% on discounted for registration and 3 night accommodation Fluorescent Lamp Market – Global Industry SWOT Analysis, Trend Research Report and Forecast 2022 Louisiana Cajun Mansion Announces Opening of New Bed and Breakfast RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Industry 2017 Global Market By Segment, Types, Regions, Applications And Forecast To 2022 Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Market      Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Market -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. Description:     DelveInsight’s, “Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma -Pipeline Insights, 2016”, report provides comprehensive insights about pipeline drugs across this indication. A key objective of the report is to establish the understanding for all 99 pipeline drugs that fall under the category of Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma. Eli Lilly’s Exbitux (Cetuximab) is the first monoclonal antibody for head and neck cancer. The report provides a detailed insight of all the pipeline drugs. Keytruda (Pembrolizumab) of Merck is one of the most promising drug candidates. Pipeline for Head and Neck cancer looks strong as many companies are coming up with the biosimilar versions of cetuximab like R-Pharm and Sorrento. Researchers are working to get next-generation treatments like antibody-drug conjugates or immunotherapy, which might yield better results than chemotherapy alone. The report also provides a comparative analysis of therapeutics based on the molecule type, route of administration, etc. It also gives insights of other activities such as, agreements, joint ventures, partnerships, acquisitions and mergers. Request for Sample Report@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/476526-head-and-neck-squamous-cell-carcinoma-pipeline-insights-2016 Scope: • The report, provides a Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Landscape across the globe • The report provides drug profiles which includes product description, MOA, licensors & collaborators, development partner and chemical information • Comparative analysis at various stages covering Filed, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages • Coverage of the Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma pipeline on the basis of target, MOA, route of administration, technology involved and molecule type • The report reviews key players involved in the therapeutics development for Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma and also provide company profiling • Pipeline products coverage based on various stages of development from NDA filings to discovery. • Provides pipeline assessment by monotherapy and combination therapy products, stage of development and molecule type. Reasons to Buy • Complete Pipeline intelligence and complete understanding over therapeutics development for Head And Neck Cancer Squamous Cell Carcinoma • Identify the relationship between the drugs and use it for target finding, drug repurposing, and precision medicine. • Devise corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Head And Neck Cancer Squamous Cell Carcinoma pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics • Developing strategic initiatives to support your drug development activities. • Optimize your portfolio and keep you in touch with the rapidly changing pharmaceutical markets, and make the best decisions for your business. • Develop and design in licensing and out licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope • Provides strategically significant competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D development strategies • Modify the therapeutic portfolio by identifying discontinued projects and understanding the factors that drove them from pipeline • Gaining a Full Picture of the Competitive Landscape for Evidence based Decisions  Enquiry before Buying @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/476526-head-and-neck-squamous-cell-carcinoma-pipeline-insights-2016 If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Table of Contents: • Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Overview • Epidemiology • Diagnosis of Head and Neck Cancer • Market Scenario • Market Barriers • Market Drivers • Pipeline Therapeutics • An Overview of Pipeline Products for Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma • Therapeutics under Development by Companies • Last Stage Products (Phase III) • Comparative Analysis • Mid Stage Products (Phase II) • Comparative Analysis • Early Stage Products (Phase I and IND) • Comparative Analysis • Phase 0 stage Products • Comparative Analysis • Discovery and Pre-clinical stage Products • Comparative Analysis • Therapeutic Assessment • Assessment by Monotherapy Products • Assessment by Combination Products • Assessment by Route of Administration • Assessment by Molecule Type • Assessment by Stage and Molecule Type • Discontinued Products • Dormant Products • Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development • Appendix • DelveInsight Consulting Services • About DelveInsight • Contact Us • Disclaimer List of Tables: • Table 1: Number of Products Under Development for Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma, 2016 • Table 2: Number of Products under Development by Companies, 2016 • Table 3: Last Stage Products (Phase III and Filed), 2016 • Table 4: Mid Stage Products (Phase II), 2016 • Table 5: Early Stage Products (Phase I and IND), 2016 • Table 6: Phase 0 stage Products , 2016 • Table 7: Discovery and Pre-clinical Stage Products , 2016 • Table 8: Assessment by Monotherapy Products,2016 • Table 9: Assessment by Route Of Administration, 2016 • Table 10: Assessment by Stage and Route Of Administration, 2016 • Table 11: Assessment by Molecule Type, 2016 • Table 12: Assessment by Stage and Molecule Type, 2016 • Table 13: Discontinued Products, 2016 • Table 14: Dormant Products, 2016 • Table 15: Companies Involved in Therapeutic Development, 2016 List of figures: • Figure 1: Percent of New Cases by Age Group: Head and Neck Cancer, 2016 • Figure 2: Percent of Deaths by Age Group: Head and Neck Cancer, 2016 • Figure 3: Number of Products under Development Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma, 2016 • Figure 4: Last Stage Products (Phase III) 2016 • Figure 5: Mid Stage Products (Phase II), 2016 • Figure 6: Early Stage Products (Phase I and IND), 2016 • Figure 7: Phase 0 stage Products, 2016 • Figure 8: Discovery and Pre-clinical Stage Products, 2016 • Figure 9: Assessment by Monotherapy Products, 2016 • Figure 10: Assessment by Combination Products, 2016 • Figure 11: Assessment by Route of Administration, 2016 • Figure 12: Assessment by Stage and Route of Administration, 2016 • Figure 13: Assessment by Molecule Type, 2016 • Figure 14: Assessment by Stage and Molecule Type, 2016  Continued … Buy now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=476526 Contact US:                         NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBussiness, Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma, Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Manufacturing, Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Market, Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Market Share, Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Market Trends, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious City to cut ribbon on Tompkins Regional Center Improvements Next PostNext Transparent Conductive Films (TCF) Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities, Market Drivers and Restraints to 2022 Search Recent Posts EnvisionTEC stellt die kostensparenden Verbrauchsmaterialien für Großformat-3D-Drucker vor Phenomena 3.1.1 is Now Available in the Mac App Store Pink Tickets at Atlantic City Beach in Atlantic City NJ on Sale at Cheap Prices from TicketDown.com Surgical Staff Clothing Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2022 Infusion Syringe Pump Market Size and Growth Factors Research and Projection 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel Smart Beta Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → May → Getting Defensive With Healthcare ETFs as Congress Moves to Replace Obamacare Getting Defensive With Healthcare ETFs as Congress Moves to Replace Obamacare May 8, 2017 at 1:00 pm by Tom Lydon Healthcare stocks and the corresponding exchange traded funds continue to spend time in the spotlight as the Republican-controlled Congress moves to replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Even amid potential political controversy opportunity remains with the S&P 500’s third-largest sector allocation. The iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF (NYSEArca: IYH) is up 11.1% year-to-date and could offer investors a defensive play with better appreciation potential and less interest rate risk than other defensive sectors. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology sub-sectors may benefit under a Republican president and Congress as the industries are less at risk of price controls that Democrats vowed to impose. The iShares U.S. Pharmaceuticals ETF (NYSEArca: IHE) is up 6.7% year-to-date. IHE tracks the Dow Jones U.S. Select Pharmaceuticals Index and holds 40 stocks with a significant portion of ETF’s lineup devoted to blue-chip pharmaceuticals such as Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) and Merck (NYSE: MRK). Healthcare stocks are also showing attractive valuations relative to other defensive sectors, which are richly valued. “Since 1995, S&P 500 large-cap health care stocks have typically traded at a 10% premium to the market. Today they trade at nearly a 10% discount, close to a six-year low (see chart below). To some extent this drop in relative valuation is justified. Profitability is down from the glory years of the late 1990s when pharmaceutical companies were churning out a record number of blockbuster drugs. Currently the return on equity is roughly 18%, below the 22-year average of 20%. Still, profitability has been improving in recent years and is currently at the highest level since 2013,” according to BlackRock. Industry observers argue that medical technology companies can tap into increased healthcare spending among emerging economies while the U.S. market has matured and could experience slower growth. Looking ahead, in the years through 2024, spending growth is projected to average 5.8% and peak at 6.3% in 2020. For healthcare ETFs, the good news is that the U.S. economy moving into the late-cycle phase, overall growth may slow and signs of an economic slowdown could pop up. Consequently, investors may also turn to defensive sectors that are less economically sensitive, such as health care. The sector can also be resilient to rising interest rates. “However, given lower financial leverage compared to other defensive industries, health care is less sensitive to rising rates. For example, since 2010 the level of the 10-year Treasury has explained roughly 20% of the relative value of the health care sector. However, during the same period the level of long-term rates has explained nearly 70% of the variation in the relative value of the consumer staples sector. Put another way, trading consumer staples has been overwhelmingly a play on interest rates,” according to BlackRock. For more information on the healthcare sector, visit our healthcare category. You might also like: U.S. Stock ETFs Near Records as Materials Keeps a Lid on Markets A Breathtaking Rally for Prominent Emerging Markets ETF Encouraging Signs for a Big Biotech ETF Industrial ETFs Look to Cement Trump Trade Status Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Dive into the Water ETF Space May 8, 2017 Webcasts Currency Hedged ETFs to Help Keep Forex Swings in Check May 8, 2017 Smart Beta Channel, Smart-Beta, Video Investors Utilize Gold ETFs to Hedge Political Risks May 8, 2017 Alts U.S. Stock ETFs Near Records as Materials Keeps a Lid on Markets May 8, 2017 Equities Getting Defensive With Healthcare ETFs as Congress Moves to Replace Obamacare May 8, 2017 Equities A Breathtaking Rally for Prominent Emerging Markets ETF May 8, 2017 Equities A Low Volatility ETF Climbs High to Find Its Groove May 8, 2017 Smart Beta Channel, Smart-Beta Can Female Executives Improve the Quality of Your Portfolio? May 8, 2017 ETF Strategists, Investing Dive into the Water ETF Space May 8, 2017 Webcasts Currency Hedged ETFs to Help Keep Forex Swings in Check May 8, 2017 Smart Beta Channel, Smart-Beta, Video Investors Utilize Gold ETFs to Hedge Political Risks May 8, 2017 Alts U.S. Stock ETFs Near Records as Materials Keeps a Lid on Markets May 8, 2017 Equities Getting Defensive With Healthcare ETFs as Congress Moves to Replace Obamacare May 8, 2017 Equities About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Market Report 2017 Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Get sample report @ www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=105813… Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Novartis International AG Propeller Health AstraZeneca Plc Philips Respironics Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Opko Health Merck BioCare Group On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Single-dose Inhalers Multi-dose Inhalers On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler for each application, including Hospitals Ambulatory Surgery Centres Browse Press Release of this Research Report: www.qyresearchreports.com/report/global-pressurized-meter… Table of Contents Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Market Report 2017 1 Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler 1.2 Classification of Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Single-dose Inhalers 1.2.4 Multi-dose Inhalers 1.3 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospitals 1.3.3 Ambulatory Surgery Centres 1.4 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler (Volume and Value) by Region 2.3.1 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler (Volume) by Application 3 United States Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Value (2012-2017) 3.1.1 United States Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.2 United States Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.3 United States Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 3.2 United States Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 3.3 United States Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 3.4 United States Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 4 China Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Value (2012-2017) 4.1.1 China Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.2 China Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.3 China Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 4.2 China Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 4.3 China Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 5 Europe Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5.1 Europe Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Value (2012-2017) 5.1.1 Europe Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.2 Europe Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.3 Europe Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 5.2 Europe Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 5.3 Europe Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 5.4 Europe Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 6 Japan Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 6.1 Japan Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Value (2012-2017) 6.1.1 Japan Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.2 Japan Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 6.1.3 Japan Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 6.2 Japan Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 6.3 Japan Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 6.4 Japan Pressurized Metered Dose Inhaler Sales Volume and Market Share by Application About Us QYReseachReports.com delivers the latest strategic market intelligence to build a successful business footprint in China. Our syndicated and customized research reports provide companies with vital background information of the market and in-depth analysis on the Chinese trade and investment framework, which directly affects their business operations. Reports from QYReseachReports.com feature valuable recommendations on how to navigate in the extremely unpredictable yet highly attractive Chinese market. Contact Us 1820 Avenue M Suite #1047 Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Web: www.qyresearchreports.com Email: sales@qyresearchreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Iraq Miran Project Panorama Oil and Gas Upstream Analysis Report 2017 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Live from Shared Value Summit: Business Leaders on Social Change Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
05092017Headline: Global Power Boilers Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Opportunities and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights 59 mins ago Global Intrapartum Monitors Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights 59 mins ago Global E-Waste Management Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights 59 mins ago E-paper Display (EPD) Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Strategies and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights 60 mins ago Medical tourism Market – Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Opportunities and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights 60 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Antibacterial Drugs Market Trends, Shares, Segmentation, Analysis, Competition, Applications & Challenges by Forecast-Acute Market Reports Global Antibacterial Drugs Market Trends, Shares, Segmentation, Analysis, Competition, Applications & Challenges by Forecast-Acute Market Reports May 8, 2017 | by Anurag | The antibacterial drug market covers the drugs used in the prophylaxis and treatment of bacterial infections. With a growing global concern over antimicrobial resistance and its progressive growth, there is a pronounced need for innovation within this market. This report considers the key developments in this market, with particular focus on drugs indicated for use in pneumonia, methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), sepsis and tuberculosis. Drugs for the prevention of bacterial infections are typically vaccines, which help to train the body’s immune system to fight off specific infections, and can therefore help to prevent infections of certain bacterial strains. However, several prophylactic monoclonal antibodies are also currently in development. For Full Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/antibacterial-drugs-market-report Drugs for the treatment of bacterial infections are slightly more varied. Most common are beta-lactam antibiotics, which include the very widely prescribed penicillin. However, bacteria have developed resistance to penicillin by producing beta-lactamase enzymes that break open the beta-lactam ring found in these antibiotics, rendering them ineffective. As a result modern beta-lactams are frequently combination drugs of a beta-lactam and a beta-lactamase inhibitor. In addition to beta-lactams there are several other classes of drugs used to treat bacterial infections. These include fluoroquinolones, which inhibit DNA gyrase and/or topoisomerase IV; and protein synthesis inhibitors, which have applications within the treatment of bacteria that are resistant to beta-lactam antibiotics. However, bacterial resistance has also developed against these drugs, and as such there is a gap in the market for a new generation of drugs that are effective against drug-resistant bacteria. The antibacterial market is currently dominated by vaccines, in particular those for the prevention of pneumococcal infections, diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis. However, recent years have seen key additions in the form of therapies for antibiotic-resistant bacteria, including strains with multi-drug resistance. The number of such products is expected to increase drastically between 2016 and 2022. For Full Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/antibacterial-drugs-market-report Scope Antibiotic resistance has caused a surge in the development of antibiotics: – How big is the antibiotic pipeline? – How are companies attempting to overcome antibiotic resistance? The antibacterial drug market is forecast to rise from around $27.1 billion in 2015 to $35.6 billion in 2022: – How much will the approval of new products and the patent expiries of existing ones contribute to this market growth? – Will vaccines continue to drive market revenue? The pipeline contains a range of molecular targets: – Which molecular targets are most popular in the current pipeline? – How many late-stage products are active against drug-resistant bacteria? – What are the commercial prospects for the most promising late-stage pipeline products? Big Pharma maintains a strong presence within the antibacterial drug market: – Which of the leading companies are expected to have the highest share of the market by 2022? – Which of the leading pharmaceutical companies are expected to bring new products to market during the forecast period? – Which companies rely heavily of revenues derived from antibacterial drugs? Reasons to buy – Understand the current clinical and commercial landscape through a comprehensive analysis of innovation in the antibacterial drug market in the context of the overall pipeline and current market landscape. It also includes analysis of the deals landscape, including both licensing deals and co-development deals. Key indications covered in detail include pneumonia, MRSA, sepsis and tuberculosis. – Understand the current treatment landscape, with portfolios of key marketed products and a focus on historical and forecast sales patterns, and an overview of each drug’s mechanism of action. – Analyze the antibacterial pipeline through a comprehensive review of the pipeline, segmented by stage of development, molecule type and molecular target. This review also provides a detailed look at antibacterial drug clinical trials, to provide an insight into the risk associated with attempting to bring pipeline antibacterial drugs to market. – Predict growth in market size, with in-depth market forecasting from 2015 to 2022. The forecast will provide an understanding of how epidemiology trends, new drug entries and new drug patent expirations will influence market value. – Identify the key pipeline products, with a particular focus on those due to be brought to market in the near future, as well as sales forecasts for these products. – Identify the leading companies in the market, in terms of market share and growth. Company analysis determines how dependent the key companies in the market are on revenue derived from antibacterial products. In addition, analysis determines the primary factors that will drive market growth for the key companies in the market. – Assess the licensing and co-development deal landscape for antibacterial therapies.” For Full Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/antibacterial-drugs-market-report 1 Table of Contents 4 1.1 List of Tables 6 1.2 List of Figures 7 2 Introduction 10 2.1 Disease Cluster Introduction 10 2.2 Symptoms 11 2.2.1 Pneumonia 11 2.2.2 MRSA 11 2.2.3 Sepsis 11 2.2.4 Tuberculosis 11 2.3 Diagnosis 12 2.3.1 Pneumonia 12 2.3.2 MRSA 12 2.3.3 Sepsis 12 2.3.4 Tuberculosis 12 2.4 Etiology and Pathophysiology 13 2.4.1 Pneumonia 13 2.4.2 MRSA 14 2.4.3 Sepsis 15 2.4.4 Tuberculosis 15 2.5 Epidemiology 16 2.5.1 Pneumonia 16 2.5.2 MRSA 17 2.5.3 Sepsis 17 2.5.4 Tuberculosis 18 2.6 Comorbidities and Complications 18 2.6.1 Pneumonia 19 2.6.2 MRSA 19 2.6.3 Sepsis 19 2.6.4 Tuberculosis 19 2.7 Prognosis 19 2.7.1 Pneumonia 19 2.7.2 MRSA 20 2.7.3 Sepsis 20 2.7.4 Tuberculosis 20 2.8 Treatment 20 2.8.1 Beta-lactams 21 2.8.2 Protein Synthesis inhibitors 22 2.8.3 Vaccines 23 2.8.4 Other Classes of Antibacterial Therapy 23 3 Key Marketed Products 24 3.1 Overview 24 3.2 Cubicin (daptomycin) – Merck & Co 25 3.3 Augmentin – GlaxoSmithKline 27 3.4 Prevnar 13 – Pfizer 29 3.5 Infanrix – GlaxoSmithKline 30 3.6 Boostrix – GlaxoSmithKline 32 3.7 Zerbaxa – Merck and Co 33 3.8 Bexsero – GlaxoSmithKline 35 3.9 Zyvox – Pfizer 36 3.10 Conclusion 38 For Same Category Report Visit@ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/pharmaceutical-market 4 Pipeline Landscape Assessment 39 4.1 Overview 39 4.2 Pipeline Development Landscape 39 4.3 Mechanisms of Action in Pipeline 42 4.4 Clinical Trial Landscape 45 4.4.1 Failure Rate by Stage of Development, Indication and Molecule Type 46 4.4.2 Clinical Trial Duration by Stage of Development, Indication, and Molecule Type 50 4.4.3 Clinical Trial Size by Stage of Development, Indication and Molecule Type 53 4.4.4 Aggregate Clinical Program Size by Stage of Development, Indication and Molecule Type 57 4.5 Conclusion 61 4.6 Assessment of Key Pipeline Products 61 4.6.1 Solithera – Cempra 61 4.6.2 Arikace – Insmed 62 4.6.3 Cadazolid – Actelion 63 4.6.4 Plazomicin (plazomicin sulfate) – Achaogen 64 4.6.5 V114 – Merck & Co. 65 4.6.6 Suvratoxumab (MEDI4893) – MedImmune 66 4.6.7 Pf-06290510 (SA4Ag vaccine) – Pfizer 67 4.6.8 PF-06425090 – Pfizer 68 4.6.9 Conclusion 69 5 Multi-Scenario Market Forecast to 2022 70 5.1 Overall Market Size 70 5.2 Generic Penetration 73 5.3 Revenue Forecast by Mechanism of Action 75 5.3.1 Immune Response 75 5.3.2 Bacterial Cell Wall Disruptor/Inhibitor 76 5.3.3 Protein Synthesis Inhibitors 77 5.3.4 DNA Inhibitors 78 5.3.5 Multiple Mechanisms of Action 79 Visit The Blog site:  http://researchreportsandforecast.blogspot.in/ About – Acute Market Reports: Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Name: Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Designation: Global Sales Manager Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 Email:  sales@acutemarketreports.com Website: http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Tags: Global Antibacterial Drugs Market Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Power Boilers Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Opportunities and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights Global Intrapartum Monitors Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights Global E-Waste Management Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights E-paper Display (EPD) Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Strategies and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Power Boilers Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Opportunities and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights Global Intrapartum Monitors Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights Global E-Waste Management Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Analysis and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights E-paper Display (EPD) Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Strategies and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights Medical tourism Market – Industry Size, Share, Growth, Outlook, Opportunities and Forecast 2016-2022 : Brisk Insights © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Market to 2022- Analysis including Growth Factors, Growth Rate, Opportunities and Trends The United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Market report provides a quantitative analysis till 2022, which would enable the stakeholders to capitalize on prevailing market opportunities. Extensive analysis of the United States Steroid-Corticosteroids market, by component, helps in understanding the components of the United States Steroid-Corticosteroids that are currently used along with the variants that would gain prominence in the future. Request a Sample Copy of United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Research Market Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10766985 With a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market, this report investigates new project feasibility. Various details about the manufacturing process such as market drivers, impact of drivers, market challenges and impact of drivers and challenges, market trends, vendor landscape analysis and so on, is discussed in the report. Companies profiled in the United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Report are Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca, Cipla. Browse The Complete Report with Full TOC of United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Market to 2022 at: https://www.absolutereports.com/united-states-steroid-corticosteroids-market-by-manufacturers-states-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022-10766985   The Global United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry report showcases the latest trends in the global and regional markets on all critical parameters which include technology, supplies, capacity, production, profit, price, and competition. The United States Steroid-Corticosteroids market study provides an in-depth analysis of the world flow cytometry market with current and future trends to elucidate the imminent investment pockets in the market. Place Purchase Order on this Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10766985 There are 17 Chapters to deeply display the United States Steroid-Corticosteroids market. Chapter 1, to describe Steroid-Corticosteroids Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by States, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Steroid-Corticosteroids, with profile, main business, news, sales, price, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the United States market by States, covering California, New York, Texas, Illinois and Florida, with sales, price, revenue and market share of Steroid-Corticosteroids, for each state, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5 and 6, to show the market by type and application, with sales, price, revenue, market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11, to analyze the key States by Type and Application, covering California, New York, Texas, Illinois and Florida, with sales, revenue and market share by types and applications; Chapter 12, Steroid-Corticosteroids market forecast, by States, type and application, with sales, price, revenue and growth rate forecast, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, to analyze the manufacturing cost, key raw materials and manufacturing process etc. Chapter 14, to analyze the industrial chain, sourcing strategy and downstream end users (buyers); Chapter 15, to describe sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers etc. Chapter 16 and 17, to describe Steroid-Corticosteroids Research Findings and Conclusion, Appendix, methodology and data source. About Absolute Report: Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in depth market research. We are one of the top report resellers in the market, dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters. Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry Trends, United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Analysis, United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Overview, United States Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Share Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Fiberglass Building Products Market 2017 To Grow At A Cagr Of 5.65% by 2021 Next PostNext United States Blood Viscometer Industry 2017 Analysis, Size, Growth, Trends and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Therapeutic Industry Pipeline Review H1 2017, Drug Profile and Major Key Players Analysis Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Pipeline Review, H1 2017, latest research study provides in depth analysis on Cellular Tumor Antigen P53 (Tumor Suppressor P53 or Antigen NY-CO-13) targeted pipeline therapeutics. Herpes Zoster (Shingles) therapeutics industry report provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Herpes Zoster (Shingles), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The report also covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. Additionally, the report provides an overview of key players involved in therapeutic development for Herpes Zoster (Shingles) and features dormant and discontinued projects. Get Sample PDF of this report: https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10775402 Key players in Herpes Zoster (Shingles) – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 are Astellas Pharma Inc, Beijing Minhai Biotechnology Co Ltd, ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc, Epiphany Biosciences Inc, Foamix Pharmaceuticals Ltd, GeneOne Life Science Inc, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Merck & Co Inc, NAL Pharmaceuticals Ltd, NanoViricides Inc, SK Chemicals Co Ltd, TSRL Inc, XBiotech Inc. The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Browse More Detail Information of Herpes Zoster (Shingles) market report @ https://www.absolutereports.com/herpes-zoster-shingles-pipeline-review-h1-2017-10775402 Scope Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Pipeline Review Report- – The report provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Neuropathic Pain – The report reviews pipeline therapeutics for Herpes Zoster (Shingles) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources – The report covers pipeline products based on various stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages – The report features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which includes, product description, descriptive MoA, R&D brief, licensing and collaboration details & other developmental activities – The report reviews key players involved Herpes Zoster (Shingles) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects – The report assesses Herpes Zoster (Shingles) therapeutics based on drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type – The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects – The report reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Neuropathic Pain Purchase Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10775402 Key Topics Covered are Introduction, Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Overview, Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Therapeutics Development, Pipeline Products for Herpes Zoster (Shingles) – Overview, Pipeline Products for Herpes Zoster (Shingles) – Comparative Analysis, Herpes Zoster (Shingles) – Therapeutics under Development by Companies, Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Discontinued Products, Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Featured News & Press Releases, And Continue. This research study help to: – Gain strategically significant competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies – Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage – Identify and understand important and diverse types of therapeutics under development for Herpes Zoster (Shingles) – Identify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic – Develop strategic initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies – Plan mergers and acquisitions effectively by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics – Devise corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Herpes Zoster (Shingles) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope – Modify the therapeutic portfolio by identifying discontinued projects and understanding the factors that drove them from pipeline About Absolute Report: Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in depth market research. We are one of the top report resellers in the market, dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters. Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Drugs Profile, Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Major Key Players, Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Market, Herpes Zoster (Shingles) Therapeutics Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Post-Polycythemia Vera Myelofibrosis (PPV-MF) Therapeutics Pipeline Review, H1 2017- Segments, Major Geographies and Current Market Next PostNext H1 2017 Psoriasis Therapeutics Review Featuring Drug Profiles, Latest Dormant Projects, Product Development, News & Press Releases Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market To Grow At A Cagr Of 7.83% During The Period 2017-2021 Summary Orbis Research Presents Global Single-use Bioprocessing System Market 2017-2021 has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. Description Latest Research Report – Global Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market 2017-2021 The Following Companies As The Key Players In The Global Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market: Danaher, Ge Healthcare, Merck, Sartorius, And Thermo Fisher Scientific. Other Prominent Vendors in the market are: Broadley-James Corporation, Eppendorf, and Saint-Gobain. Commenting on the report, “One trend in market is increasing adoption of single-use bioprocessing in pre-clinical and commercial stage. Single-use bioprocess systems have currently established themselves as the accepted choice at both the pre-clinical and bioproduction stage. Biopharmaceutical companies are increasingly accepting these systems as a trusted alternative at the commercial stage to accelerate the production process.” According to the report, one driver in market is SUT combats global drug shortage problem. The biopharmaceutical industry is shifting toward SUTs to combat the global drug shortage. Companies struggle to meet clinical trial timelines and invariably suffer losses, which could be avoided. The growing evidence of sterility, along with regulatory organizations encouraging pharma companies to switch to single-use technologies, hints toward a transition. Companies that have integrated and shifted toward a single-use system have expressed their satisfaction in terms of lower costs, reduced overall contamination rates, and enhanced production throughput efficiency. While using SUTs, companies spend lesser time with disassembly and clean-up of the system, resulting in a quicker turnaround time for new batches of medications. SUT allows for continuous manufacturing and saves the companies production time. This translates to huge cost savings, which the pharma companies can use in other aspects of drug development. Thus, single-use technology is the most cost-efficient solution to increase rapidity in drug development, support larger batches of production, and achieve a quicker time to market the solutions. Get a PDF Sample of Global Single-use Bioprocessing System Market Research Report @:http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/275712 Further, the report states that one challenges in market is lack of standardization across suppliers. The absence of standardization in equipment is a key challenge for end-users in the single-use bioprocessing systems market, despite the advantages of cost and faster implementation. Generally, components sourced from one supplier cannot be used with components from another due to lack of compatibility and different materials used by suppliers to manufacture the same equipment. This is forcing vendors to stick to one supplier or purchase duplicate versions of same components, which is increasing their inventory management costs. Some suppliers have stated the reasons for the absence of standardization, which is because vendors are customizing equipment according to their respective needs, which leads to additional charge from the supplier’s side. For example, a customized assembly would cost more in comparison to off-the-shelf assembly when solutions have to be adjusted to a certain manufacturing site. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market, Single-Use Bioprocessing System, Single-Use Bioprocessing System 2017, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Industry Growth, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market Analysis, Single-Use Bioprocessing System Market forecast Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Unified Communication And Collaboration Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Dynamics, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts to 2020 Next PostNext Luminous Paint 2017 Global Key Players – Rosco, Teal & Mackrill, Noxton, Puff Dino, Lumilor, GBC Safety Glow Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Food Flavoring Market, News & Research Global DHA Algae Oil Market Research Report Global Azotobacter Bio-fertilizers Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Anti Gravity System™ 专利回弹减压背包产品测试报告 Global Rhizobium Bio-fertilizers 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com North America Veterinary Vaccine Market 2017 Overview by Key Finding, Scope, Top Impacting Factors, Drivers and Restraints to 2022 The North America Veterinary Vaccine Market report provides a quantitative analysis till 2022, which would enable the stakeholders to capitalize on prevailing market opportunities. Extensive analysis of the North America Veterinary Vaccine market, by component, helps in understanding the components of the North America Veterinary Vaccine that are currently used along with the variants that would gain prominence in the future. Request a Sample Copy of North America Veterinary Vaccine Research Market Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10766882 With a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market, this report investigates new project feasibility. Various details about the manufacturing process such as market drivers, impact of drivers, market challenges and impact of drivers and challenges, market trends, vendor landscape analysis and so on, is discussed in the report. Companies profiled in the North America Veterinary Vaccine Market Report are Merck, Merial, Boehringer Ingelheim, Zoetis, Virbac, Ceva, Elanco/Eli Lilly, Sindh Poultry Vaccine Centre, Bio-Labs, Vaksind. Browse The Complete Report with Full TOC of North America Veterinary Vaccine Market to 2022 at: https://www.absolutereports.com/north-america-veterinary-vaccine-market-by-manufacturers-countries-type-and-application-forecast-to-2022-10766882   The Global North America Veterinary Vaccine Industry report showcases the latest trends in the global and regional markets on all critical parameters which include technology, supplies, capacity, production, profit, price, and competition. The North America Veterinary Vaccine market study provides an in-depth analysis of the world flow cytometry market with current and future trends to elucidate the imminent investment pockets in the market. Market Segment by Type, covers Live Attenuated Vaccines Inactivated Vaccines DNA Vaccines Other   Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Livestock Swine Chicken Dog Cat Other The Global North America Veterinary Vaccine Industry report provides key information about the industry, including invaluable facts and figures, expert opinions, and the latest developments across the globe. Not only does the report cover a holistic view of the industry from a global standpoint, but it also covers individual regions and their development. Place Purchase Order on this Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10766882 Some Major Points from Table of Content: Chapter 1, to describe Veterinary Vaccine Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Veterinary Vaccine, with profile, main business, news, sales, price, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with profile, main business, news, sales, price, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the North America market by countries, covering United States, Canada and Mexico, with sales, revenue and market share of Veterinary Vaccine, for each country, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5 and 6, to show the market by type and application, with sales, price, revenue, market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the segment market in United States, Canada and Mexico, by manufacturers, type and application, with sales, price, revenue and market share by manufacturers, types and applications; Chapter 10, Veterinary Vaccine market forecast, by countries, type and application, with sales, price and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 11, to analyze the manufacturing cost, key raw materials and manufacturing process etc. Chapter 12, to analyze the industrial chain, sourcing strategy and downstream end users (buyers); Chapter 13, to describe sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers etc. Chapter 14 and 15, to describe Veterinary Vaccine Research Findings and Conclusion, Appendix, methodology and data source About Absolute Report: Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in depth market research. We are one of the top report resellers in the market, dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters. Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, North America Veterinary Vaccine Industry Trends, North America Veterinary Vaccine Market Growth, North America Veterinary Vaccine Market Overview, North America Veterinary Vaccine Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Atv Coilover Shock Market To Grow At A Impressive Cagr Of 15.92% During The Period 2017-2021 Next PostNext Sales Market Analysis: Global Tuberculin Sales Market Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Anticoagulants Market is Set to Garner Staggering Revenues by 2021 Anticoagulants are used to eliminate the risk of blood clots in the body. Blood clots are formed when platelets stick together and proteins in the blood bind together to form a solid mass. Generally, blood clots play an important role in stopping external bleeding caused by any injury to the skin. However, when blood clots form in the blood vessels, they can be dangerous as they can block blood circulation. Blood clots in arteries or the heart can obstruct blood flow and cause a heart attack. Such clots in blood vessels in the brain can cause a stroke. Anticoagulants stop the platelets from adhering to one another and clotting proteins from binding together. These are commonly used in the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT), pulmonary embolism, atrial fibrillation, and managing high and moderate risk of stroke. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4090 Anticoagulants are mainly categorized as herapins, warfarin, low molecular weight heparins (LMWHs), factor Xa inhibitors, and direct thrombin inhibitors (DTIs). Heparin is an injectable anticoagulant widely used in hospitals for rapid anticoagulation. LMWHs are administered about twice a day as subcutaneous injections to treat DVT. These are more convenient to use than heparins, as LMWHs can be self injected at home. Warfarin is usually prescribed as part of long-term anticoagulant therapy for patients with atrial fibrillation to help reduce the risk of stroke by more than 60%. The global anticoagulants market is categorized based on various types of anticoagulant drugs and applications. Based on types of anticoagulants, the report covers Betrixaban, Dabigatran (Pradaxa), Edoxaban, Rivaroxaban (Xarelto), and Eliquis (Apixaban). The application segment is further sub segmented into cardiovascular diseases, coronary artery diseases, cardiac arrhythmia, myocardial infarction, DVT, and heart valve replacement. In terms of geography, North America dominates the global anticoagulants market. This is due to increased awareness about therapeutic applications of anticoagulants in disease management in the region. The U.S. represents the largest market for anticoagulants in North America, followed by Canada. In Europe, Germany, France and the U.K. hold major shares of the anticoagulants market. The anticoagulant market in Asia too, is expected to show high growth rates in the next five years. This is because a lot of companies are setting up manufacturing facilities in the region. Moreover, the growing population is also driving the growth of the market in the region. India, China, and Japan are expected to be the fastest growing markets for anticoagulants in Asia. The increasing aging population is a key driver for the global anticoagulants market. Also, increasing investment in R&D in the pharmaceutical sector and the introduction of innovative oral anticoagulants drugs have fueled the growth of this market. However, stringent regulations set by various governments hamper the growth of the global anticoagulants market. Moreover, risk of side-effects and complications associated with the usage of oral anticoagulants also hinders growth of the global anticoagulants market. Increasing number of mergers and acquisitions of drug manufacturing companies is a key trend of the global anticoagulants market. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/4090 The major companies operating in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International Inc., Astrazeneca plc, Bayer AG, BioVascular Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Genentech Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi, and Novartis AG. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Anticoagulants are used to eliminate the risk of blood clots in the body. Blood clots are formed when platelets stick together and proteins in the blood bind together to form a solid mass. Generally, blood clots play an important role in stopping external bleeding caused by any injury to the skin. However, when blood clots form in the blood vessels, they can be dangerous as they can block blood circulation. Blood clots in arteries or the heart can obstruct blood flow and cause a heart attack. Such clots in blood vessels in the brain can cause a stroke. Anticoagulants stop the platelets from adhering to one another and clotting proteins from binding together. These are commonly used in the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT), pulmonary embolism, atrial fibrillation, and managing high and moderate risk of stroke. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/4090 Anticoagulants are mainly categorized as herapins, warfarin, low molecular weight heparins (LMWHs), factor Xa inhibitors, and direct thrombin inhibitors (DTIs). Heparin is an injectable anticoagulant widely used in hospitals for rapid anticoagulation. LMWHs are administered about twice a day as subcutaneous injections to treat DVT. These are more convenient to use than heparins, as LMWHs can be self injected at home. Warfarin is usually prescribed as part of long-term anticoagulant therapy for patients with atrial fibrillation to help reduce the risk of stroke by more than 60%. The global anticoagulants market is categorized based on various types of anticoagulant drugs and applications. Based on types of anticoagulants, the report covers Betrixaban, Dabigatran (Pradaxa), Edoxaban, Rivaroxaban (Xarelto), and Eliquis (Apixaban). The application segment is further sub segmented into cardiovascular diseases, coronary artery diseases, cardiac arrhythmia, myocardial infarction, DVT, and heart valve replacement. In terms of geography, North America dominates the global anticoagulants market. This is due to increased awareness about therapeutic applications of anticoagulants in disease management in the region. The U.S. represents the largest market for anticoagulants in North America, followed by Canada. In Europe, Germany, France and the U.K. hold major shares of the anticoagulants market. The anticoagulant market in Asia too, is expected to show high growth rates in the next five years. This is because a lot of companies are setting up manufacturing facilities in the region. Moreover, the growing population is also driving the growth of the market in the region. India, China, and Japan are expected to be the fastest growing markets for anticoagulants in Asia. The increasing aging population is a key driver for the global anticoagulants market. Also, increasing investment in R&D in the pharmaceutical sector and the introduction of innovative oral anticoagulants drugs have fueled the growth of this market. However, stringent regulations set by various governments hamper the growth of the global anticoagulants market. Moreover, risk of side-effects and complications associated with the usage of oral anticoagulants also hinders growth of the global anticoagulants market. Increasing number of mergers and acquisitions of drug manufacturing companies is a key trend of the global anticoagulants market. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/4090 The major companies operating in this market are Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International Inc., Astrazeneca plc, Bayer AG, BioVascular Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly and Company, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Genentech Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Pfizer, Inc., Sanofi, and Novartis AG. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAnticoagulant, Anticoagulants, Anticoagulants Market, global anticoagulants market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China’s Internet Giants Look to Leverage Barefoot Networks to Gain Unrivaled Visibility and Efficiency from Their Next-gen Networks Next PostNext Artificial Intelligence and Cognitive Computing Market Analysis, Segmentation, Competitors Analysis, Product research, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Fabric Filter System Market Industry Trends and Developments 2015 – 2025 Adaptive Cruise Control System Market Opportunities, Demand and Forecasts, 2015 – 2025 Global Health and Medical Simulation Products Market 2017 – Features Key Compnaies (3B Scientific, Anesoft, 3D Systems, BioDigital, B-Line Medical) 2-Methylfuran Market Latest Trends, Demand and Analysis 2025 Nail Polish Packaging Market 2017 – Heinz, Amcor, Rexam, Silgan Holding, Gerresheime, Baralan RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Orphan Drug Global Market Other Key Strategies By Type & Geography Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Orphan Drug Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 08, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Orphan Drug market is estimated at $145.89 million in 2016 and is expected to reach $265.63 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 10.5% from 2016 to 2022. Rising focus of big pharmaceutical companies on orphan drug improvement, increasing occurrence of rare diseases, government incentives for orphan medicine are some factors favouring the market growth. However, some factors such as high initial investment that leads to higher per patient treatment cost, reimbursement uncertainties and high cost of drug development are hindering the market. North America registered significant growth for the market during the forecast period due to rising healthcare spending, constructive government initiatives, growing occurrence of chronic diseases and small timeline required for orphan drug development. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/orphan-drug-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in the market include Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie Inc., Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Amgen, Inc., Bayer Healthcare, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol Myers Squibb, Celgene Corporation, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Genentech, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis, Pfizer Inc., Roche Holding AG, Sanofi Aventis and Vertex Pharmaceuticals. Drug Types Covered: -Biological orphan drugs -Non-biological orphan drugs Applications Covered: -Blood-related disorders -Nephrology -Neurology -Oncology -Infectious diseases -Cystic fibrosis -Other Applications Technologies Covered: -DNA recombination -Hybridoma and gene mapping -Transgenic -Other Technologies Pharmacological classes Covered: -Enzyme replacement -Gene and chromosome expression -Protein replacement Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001716628/sample Indications Covered: -Acute Myeloid Leukemia -Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy -Glioma -Graft vs Host Disease -Multiple Myeloma -Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma -Ovarian Cancer -Pancreatic Cancer -Renal Cell Carcinoma -Other Indications Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt Company Profiling 12.1 Abbott Laboratories 12.2 AbbVie Inc. 12.3 Alexion Pharmaceuticals 12.4 Amgen, Inc. 12.5 Bayer Healthcare 12.6 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 12.7 Bristol Myers Squibb 12.8 Celgene Corporation 12.9 F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG 12.10 Genentech 12.11 Janssen Biotech, Inc. 12.12 Johnson & Johnson 12.13 Merck & Co., Inc. 12.14 Novartis 12.15 Pfizer Inc. 12.16 Roche Holding AG 12.17 Sanofi Aventis 12.18 Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001716628/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Report 2017 – Roche, Novartis, Celgene, Amgen, Johnson & Johnson DecisionDatabases.com announces a new report “2017-2022 Global Top Countries Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Report” added to its database. The report provides key statistics on the current state of the industry and other analytical data to understand the market. This report studies Cancer Treatment Drugs in Global market, especially in United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. Browse Full Report with TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/15150-cancer-treatment-drugs-market-analysis-report The report focuses on the top Manufacturers in each country, covering: Roche, Novartis, Celgene, Amgen, Johnson & Johnson, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Takeda, Eli Lilly, Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Astellas, Sanofi, Bayer, Merck & Co., Biogen Idec, Kyowa Hakko Kirin, Otsuka, Teva, Eisai, Merck KGaA, Ipsen, AbbVie Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type, can be divided into: Chemotherapy, Targeted Therapy, Immunotherapy, Hormonal Therapy (Biologic Therapy), Others Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Cancer Treatment Drugs in each application, can be divided into: Blood Cancer, Breast Cancer, Gastrointestinal Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Respiratory/Lung Cancer, Other Cancers Download Free Sample Report of Cancer Treatment Drugs Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-15150 Table of Contents – Snapshot 1 Market Overview 2 Global Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers 3 Global Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 4 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5 North America Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 6 Latin America Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 7 Europe Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 8 Asia-Pacific Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 9 Middle East and Africa Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 10 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Order the Complete Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-15150 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For More Details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsCancer Treatment Drugs, Cancer Treatment Drugs Industry, Cancer Treatment Drugs Market, Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Forecast, Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Manufacturers, Cancer Treatment Drugs Market Report, Cancer Treatment Drugs market research report, Cancer Treatment Drugs market share, Global Cancer Treatment Drugs Market, Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CPAmerica International Offers Accounting and Auditing Update Webinar Series for Members Next PostNext Digital technology Can Help Increase Productivity Significantly, According to New Research Commissioned by Konica Minolta – 89% of Businesses Surveyed Had Invested Significantly – on Average £3m+ – in a Digital Workplace Initiative by End of 2016 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Proteins in Oncology Market: Business Challenges, Emerging Technologies & Competitive Landscape Global Protein in Oncology Market Oncology is the branch of medical science dealing with cancer research and treatment. There are several research facilities and universities identifying unique proteins in oncology for developing diagnostics. Several studies are underway to discover new proteins that play a role in cancer. Currently there are a number of companies and/or their collaborators engaged in developing several protein drugs in cancer. Surgical treatments and radiation therapy, though effective at treating primary tumors, are not found to be successful in detecting metastatic tumor cells and those flowing in the bloodstream, making treatment of these cancer cells very difficult. Cancer is one of the largest causes of death worldwide and finding leads to cure or control the disease is one of the primary goals of governments globally. Global Protein in Oncology Market: Segmentation Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/proteins-oncology-mark… The global proteins in oncology market has been segmented based on protein type and geography. Protein types include recombinant non-glycosylated proteins, recombinant glycosylated proteins and recombinant peptides. Geographically, North America and Europe lead the global proteins in oncology market thanks to the very stringent regulatory environment for clearing the products. Asia-Pacific countries such as China and India are estimated to be the fastest-growing markets. South Korea and Brazil are also poised to register high growth in the coming years due to boost in biosimilars market. The services that can be provided in the global proteins in oncology market include contract research organizations and contract manufacturing organizations. Global Protein in Oncology Market: Drivers and Restraints Worldwide increase in the prevalence of cancer and the rising awareness of the therapeutic and commercial opportunities offered by new oncology treatments have provided a major incentive for the pharmaceutical industry to pursue the development of new agents for the treatment of cancer. Proteins or peptide drugs are usually required to be administered only by injection due to their large and labile nature. Peptide drugs are used effectively in monitoring various tumors and related therapies. They selectively are known to bind responsive versus unresponsive tumors. Therefore, this advantage associated with the use of peptides assists their use in assessing tumor response and evaluating its effectiveness in cancer therapy. The main challenge for the newer generation of recombinant drugs seems to be the new route of administration, new formulations and consequently even higher efficiency and safety. Though the parenteral route of administration is the most common, there are advances being made to deliver medicines through the oral route, which is considered to be the most preferred one due to better patient compliance. Recently new research has demonstrated that attaching a cancer killer protein to white blood cells annihilates metastasis. Isolation of a protein named as TRAIL by researchers at Cornell University in the U.S. demonstrated killing of cancer cells on contact. The TRAIL protein is binded with leukocytes (white blood cells) that are present across the bloodstream. The cancer cell is essentially known to kill itself when it comes in contact with TRAIL protein. The mechanism has been surprising and unexpectedly effective as compared to targeting the cancer cells with liposomes. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Global Protein in Oncology Market: Competitive Landscape Analysis The key players contributing to the global proteins in oncology market include Actavis, Inc., Biocon Ltd., Celltrion, Inc., Dr. Reddys Laboratories Ltd., Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Hospira, Inc., Merck, Mylan, Inc., Roche Holding Ltd., Sandoz, Teva Pharmaceuticals and Wockhardt Ltd. Expansion of product portfolio enables these companies to gain a competitive advantage over other players in the market. Strengthening of market position by extensive investments in research and development is also one of the business strategies undertaken by the key players. A lot of research is still to be carried out in the protein recombinant drugs in oncology market which will come along with years of efforts and high risk. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Francois Fressinier – Exclusive Exhibition at Martin Lawrence Gallery Dallas Next PostNext Sales Market Analysis: Europe Agrigenomics Market Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Japanese Culture Workshops and Events for Summer 2017 at Shiba Park Hotel in Tokyo Fraport Group Interim Release – First Quarter 2017: Fraport Achieves Marked Increase in Group Result Despite Adverse One-Off Effects UBiqube Secures Strategic Series A Financing Round Led By Fujitsu, NTT Docomo Ventures, And Fortinet Elliott Advisors (UK) Limited Condemns Akzo Nobel N.V.’s Rejection of Third PPG Proposal; has Filed Petition With Enterprise Chamber Regarding EGM DOD Announces Winners of the 2017 Commander in Chief’s Annual Award for Installation Excellence RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets May 09, 2017 11:34 AM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Earnings growth to lead next leg of bull market; 4 stocks that can give up to 40% returns If investors are looking for an investment horizon of over three years then this is a market to be in. Kshitij Anand Moneycontrol News It looks like stars are aligned for India market to hit fresh highs. It has already rallied by about 14 percent so far in the year 2017 and about 18 percent from its December low of 7,900. Some analysts are even calling this as a raging bull market because it didn’t start in 2017 or 2016, it started after the global financial crisis and since then there is no stopping. "If we look at the Standard and Poor (S&P) which is the benchmark of equity trends around the world, we are 7.5 years into a straight-up bull market. So it is old by every definition, but the starting point was complete devastation after the financial crisis, so maybe this can be bigger and longer compared to an average bull market," Madhav Dhar, Managing Partner, GTI Capital Group said in an interview with CNBC-TV18. "You need peak multiples on peak earnings for a big serious market top. We may be at a higher end of multiples but we are not even close to peak earnings. In fact, you could argue we are just off the bottom of the earnings cycle certainly in India," he said. So, my short answer is that we are in a raging bull market and it is going to be recognised as such over the next year or so. And as the old saying goes, bull markets climb a wall of worry, added Dhar. The current valuation does hint caution in the near term, but if investors are looking for an investment horizon of over three years then this is a market to be in because global liquidity remains strong, stable political climate, earnings are showing signs of recovery and renewed confidence of retail investors. For the last three years, the frontline Nifty index has seen hardly any earnings growth. In the last 18 months, the market saw PE expansion for Nifty largely on the back of lower interest rates and a pick-up in nominal growth. The next leg of the bull market will be led by earnings growth now. “We believe that the trend for the next 3 years is upwards. The next leg of the bull market will be driven by earnings growth as PE expansion based solely on the above to factors is approaching its fag end,” Sahil Kapoor, Chief Market Strategist, Edelweiss Broking Ltd told Moneycontrol. “When you invest with the horizon which is targeted towards wealth creation then pick up high-quality stocks and giving them ample time is the key. We are currently advising clients to stay invested but to review their portfolios for any black sheep,” he said. For the short-term gyrations and uncertain events, investors are advised to activity use options position to ride out volatile corrections and use these phases to take advantage and buy quality stocks on dips. We have collated a list of four stocks where different brokerages have initiated their coverage so far in the month of May. The target price is calculated based on last trading price as on May 8, 2017. The investment horizon is minimum 12-months: Indo Count Industries: BUY | Target Price Rs 286 | Return 40% Centrum initiates coverage on Indo Count Industries with a buy rating and a target price of Rs 286. Indo Count Industries Ltd (Indo Count) is one of India’s leading home textile manufacturing companies with a focus on the bedding segment. Indo Count’s focus on innovative and value added products lead to EBITDA margin expansion (20% in FY16 compared to 5% in FY12). It has been generating free cash flows and the asset-light model has helped in maintaining a healthy balance sheet position (Debt/equity 0.5x FY16). Indo Count is now looking at brand creation and expanding its geographic presence (in non-US and domestic markets). “We believe, focus on value-added products and better capacity utilization would help drive future business growth,” said the Centrum report. Currently, Indo Count trades at 10x P/E on the FY19E basis. Centrum initiates coverage on the stock with a buy rating and a target price of Rs286, valuing it at 14x its FY19E EPS. Future Retail: BUY | Target Rs 476 | Return 36% Nomura has initiated coverage on the stock with a buy rating and a target price of Rs 476. The company has brick-and-mortar stores with a strong presence through brands such as Big Bazaar, FBB and Easyday. The upside is over and above the 182 percent upmove the stock has had since August 2016. Analysts at the firm attribute this upside potential to its brand equity, possible scale benefits post restructuring, entry into newer formats and improving return ratios. Furthermore, it expects the company to be a key beneficiary of the growth of retail. “We expect the share of modern retail in India to reach 12 percent by FY20 (from 9 percent currently) and Future Retail will be a key beneficiary of the same. Within this, we expect the convenience store format to account for a larger share,” it said in its report. Navin Fluorine International: BUY | Target Price Rs 3,500 | Return 13% JM Financial initiates coverage on Navin Fluorine with a buy rating and a 12-month target price of Rs 3,500. Navin Fluorine (I) Ltd (NFIL) is one of India’s largest manufacturers of fluorochemicals with over five decades of experience in fluorination and a portfolio of more than 60 fluorinated products. “Further, NFIL is the only Indian fluorochemical company to provide end to-end services from early stage research to India’s first high pressure, cGMP compliant fluorination facility. This places NFIL is in a unique position to partner global companies,” said the JM Financial report. NFIL has focused on moving up the value chain thus also expanding margins. The brokerage firm initiates coverage on NFIL with a buy rating and a target price of Rs 3,500. The brokerage firm estimates FY17-19E earnings CAGR of 20 percent and value NFIL at 20x (1XPEG and DCF) FY19EPS of Rs 175. Merck Ltd: Accumulate | Target Price Rs 1,179 | Return 7% IDBI Capital initiates coverage on Merck Ltd with an Accumulate rating and a target price of Rs 1,179. Merck KGaA, the parent company of Merck India (EMER), headquartered in Darmstadt, Germany is one of the oldest pharmaceuticals and chemicals company which was founded in 1668 and got listed in 1981. “We expect the EMER’s pharmaceuticals portfolio to grow in-line with the industry growth on the back of its flagship brands (Evion, Livogen, Polybion, Nurobion, Nasivion and Seven Seas),” said the IDBI Capital report. We expect EMERs revenues/EBITDA/Adj. Net Profit to grow at a CAGR of 11.7%/23.3%/18.3% respectively over CY16-18E. However, with the rising ambiguity with regards to the NLEM lists, prescription guidelines, Demand Notices, we remain cautious on the stock in the near-term.Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions. tags #Market Edge #markets #stocks Related news Business NSE on a sticky wicket as SEBI unsure of CEO-in-waiting Limaye’s dual role May 09, 2017 10:02 AM Business Earnings growth to lead next leg of bull market; 4 stocks that can give up to 40% returns May 09, 2017 07:26 AM Business What changed for market while you were sleeping: 10 things you should know May 09, 2017 07:05 AM Business Mutual fund inflows in equity hit 5-month high in April May 08, 2017 10:12 PM Business Trade Setup for Tuesday: Top 10 things you should know before Opening Bell May 08, 2017 09:34 PM Business Lessons for an investor from Warren Buffett's AGM May 08, 2017 07:04 PM Business Bond yields may rise further as inflation pressures loom: HDFC Bank's Parthasarthy May 08, 2017 05:58 PM Business Promoters must disclose shares received in gift: Sebi May 08, 2017 05:45 PM Business Global rally on Macron victory in France drives Indian markets ahead May 08, 2017 04:36 PM News Most Popular Top News Keep some cash in hand as analysts raise alarm; 10 stocks which could give up to 20% return Hudco IPO: A low risk shelter for investors RERA effect: Homebuyers can now exit the real estate project at any stage India's Rs 2 trillion economy likely to double in next 8 years; huge opportunity for investors: Sunil Singhania Looking to invest in banking space? 5 stocks which could give up to 30% return Earnings to lead next leg of bull market; 4 stocks that can give up to 40% returns Market Live: Sensex, Nifty continue to remain rangebound; midcaps, metals surge AAP crisis LIVE: Will reveal one of country's biggest conspiracies today, says Kejriwal see more Video of the day Auto ancillaries & logistics may see good earnings; wary of hsg fin cos: Nilesh Shah Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021 News provided by ReportBuyer 08 May, 2017, 20:33 ET Share this article LONDON, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Veterinary Vaccines Vaccines play a crucial role in protecting animals from a large spectrum of diseases caused due to virus, bacteria, protozoa, and other multicellular pathogens. The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to benefit from the growing concern over food safety. The dependency on livestock products like meat, milk, and other products is increasing, and the mortality rate associated with infection transmission from animals to humans through these products is alarming. These factors are driving the vendors to invest in R&D to improve and expand their product portfolios, thereby driving the market growth. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4886913/ Technavio's analysts forecast the global veterinary vaccines market to grow at a CAGR of 4.81% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global veterinary vaccines market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Technavio's report, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Elanco • Merck • Merial • Zoetis Other prominent vendors • Advaxis • AmpliPhi Biosciences • Aratana Therapeutics • ARKO Labs • Bayer • CanFel Therapeutics • Ceva Animal Health • Colorado Serum Company • Epitopix • Genus • Hygieia Biological Laboratories • ImmuCell • Nexvet • Nuovo Biologics • UBI • Valneva • Vetoquinol • Virbac Market driver • Dependency on livestock products. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Manufacturing and storage issues. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Robust R&D and improved product portfolio. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4886913/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-veterinary-vaccines-market-2017-2021-300453690.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com 08 May, 2017, 20:34 ET Preview: Industrial Rubber Products Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 08 May, 2017, 20:31 ET Preview: Moving Services Market in US 2017-2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08 May, 2017, 22:52 ET Email Marketing and Services - Global Industry Analysis, Size,... 08 May, 2017, 22:52 ET Bone Densitometers Market and Peripheral Bone Densitometry; End... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Animals & Pets You just read: Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021 News provided by ReportBuyer 08 May, 2017, 20:33 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,012 +5.34 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,103 +1.90 +0.03% S&P 500 2,399 +0.09 +0.00% 3:03 A.M. ET Updated PineBridge veteran Michael Kelly on investing in a time of Trump: ‘Don’t fixate on some magical rule’ 3:03 A.M. ET Pandora shares rise 4% after quarterly results 3:03 A.M. ET Updated Private-equity titan Guy Hands on investing in a time of Trump: ‘The most difficult environment I have ever seen’ 3:02 A.M. ET Updated Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,403.61 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Goldman enamored with stocks in these tech juggernauts 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,306.47 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 394.85 2:59 A.M. ET Zalando profit jumps on a 23% rise in revenue 2:58 A.M. ET German industrial output slips, but beats views 2:57 A.M. ET Hiscox to set up new European unit due to Brexit 2:56 A.M. ET Micro Focus disappointed by HPE's falling revenue 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why ‘this is the end of the European rally’ in stocks, says Saxo Bank 2:13 A.M. ET William Hill on track to meet expectations 2:12 A.M. ET Japanese overall wages fall for 1st time since May 2:11 A.M. ET Australian retail sales fall in March 2:11 A.M. ET Glencore seeks buyer for Tahmoor coal mine 2:10 A.M. ET Commerzbank profit up 28% as bad bank improves 2:09 A.M. ET E.ON profit falls 46% on FX effects, weaker sales 1:13 A.M. ET Oil prices rise modestly, but analysts say market is fragile Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021 By Published: May 8, 2017 8:33 p.m. ET Share LONDON, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- About Veterinary Vaccines Vaccines play a crucial role in protecting animals from a large spectrum of diseases caused due to virus, bacteria, protozoa, and other multicellular pathogens. The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to benefit from the growing concern over food safety. The dependency on livestock products like meat, milk, and other products is increasing, and the mortality rate associated with infection transmission from animals to humans through these products is alarming. These factors are driving the vendors to invest in R&D to improve and expand their product portfolios, thereby driving the market growth. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4886913/ Technavio's analysts forecast the global veterinary vaccines market to grow at a CAGR of 4.81% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global veterinary vaccines market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Technavio's report, Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Elanco • Merck • Merial • Zoetis Other prominent vendors • Advaxis • AmpliPhi Biosciences • Aratana Therapeutics • ARKO Labs • Bayer • CanFel Therapeutics • Ceva Animal Health • Colorado Serum Company • Epitopix • Genus • Hygieia Biological Laboratories • ImmuCell • Nexvet • Nuovo Biologics • UBI • Valneva • Vetoquinol • Virbac Market driver • Dependency on livestock products. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Manufacturing and storage issues. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Robust R&D and improved product portfolio. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4886913/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-veterinary-vaccines-market-2017-2021-300453690.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba Apple’s stock surged to another record after Buffett nearly tripled his stake Gundlach makes bearish call on stock market as S&P 500, Nasdaq hit records U.S. may soon expand electronics ban to all European flights Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > US Food & Drug administration gives accelerated approval to drug that uses body’s immune system to fight cancer US Food & Drug administration gives accelerated approval to drug that uses body’s immune system to fight cancer Tuesday, 2 May 2017 (1 week ago) The US Food & Drug Administration (FDA) has given accelerated approval to an AstraZeneca PLC (LON:AZN) drug that uses the body’s own immune system to beat cancer. Initially, Imfinzi will be used to treat patients with bladder cancer, which is a comparatively small market for a company of the international scale of AZ. However, its use is expected to become wider spread and it may be used in combination with other front-line treatments for cancer. The company itself estimated Imfinzi could eventually become one of its new breed of blockbuster products with peak sales of US$6.5bn. "This first approval for Imfinzi is an important milestone in our return to growth," said the Anglo-Swedish giant’s chief executive, Pascal Soriot. Immuno-oncology is a hot area of research at the moment with a rush to produce drugs that use the body’s immune system to fight disease. Bristol Myers Squibb, Roche and Merck have received approvals for therapies that work in a similar way, heralding a new era for cancer care. For AZ,  Imfinzi is a welcome addition to medicines cabinet run low by patent expiries. It is one of a series rolling off the production line in the next 24 months » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit News - 2 weeks ago< > Embed FDA Warns 14 Companies About Fake Cancer 'Cure' Products 00:42 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday posted warning letters to 14 companies that are selling more than 65 fake cancer treatments. The bogus products include pills, capsules, powders, creams, teas, oils and treatment and diagnostic kits. The FDA announcement of its action said that they're... You Might Like Recent related news AstraZeneca gets FDA OK for immuno-oncology drugThe Food and Drug Administration granted accelerated approval Tuesday to Imfinzi, a cancer treatment developed by AstraZeneca to treat patients with locally... bizjournals 1 week ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Reuters India AstraZeneca’s IMFINZI™ (durvalumab) Receives US FDA Accelerated Approval for Previously Treated Patients with Advanced Bladder CancerWILMINGTON, Del.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--AstraZeneca and its global biologics research and development arm, MedImmune, today announced that the US Food and Drug... Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases BDSI's expanded approval of opioid dependence drug required few resources, exec saysRaleigh-based BioDelivery Sciences International (Nasdaq: BDSI) has received expanded U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval for its opioid dependence... bizjournals 6 days ago - Business Vanda Pharmaceuticals expands into cystic fibrosis, blood cancerD.C.-based Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. has expanded its portfolio to include research and development into treatments for cystic fibrosis and blood cancer. During... bizjournals 5 days ago - Business Parry Nutraceuticals’ Indian Microalgae Facility Receives U.S. FDA Approval; Ramps up New Product Development  *Parry Nutraceuticals* (a division of EID Parry and part of the Murugappa Group) has received the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (US-FDA) approval for... NewsVoir 19 hours ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •DNA •Sify Genkyotex Announces FDA Approval of IND for Phase 2 Trial of GKT831 in Patients with Primary Biliary CholangitisTOULOUSE, France & GENEVA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Genkyotex (Euronext Paris & Brussels: FR00011790542 – GKTX), a biopharmaceutical company and the... Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases First new drug to treat ALS in 20 years approved in USThe US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) last week gave approval to Radicava (edaravone) for the treatment of ALS, commonly referred to as Lou Gehrig's disease. DNA 19 hours ago - HealthAlso reported by •NaturalNews.com Baxter Achieves Regulatory Milestone for New Peritoneal Dialysis TechnologyDEERFIELD, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Baxter International Inc. (NYSE: BAX), a global innovator in renal care, received guidance from the U.S. Food and Drug... Business Wire 6 days ago - Press Releases Other recent news in Business In the bag: Coach buying KATE SPADE for US$2.4 billion Sinclair Broadcast Group Has Deal To Buy TRIBUNE MEDIA's TV Stations WARREN BUFFETT and Bill Gates don't think Trump's tax cut will help business Frenzy as FACEBOOK down worldwide It is up to Britain – not the EU – to decide whether BREXIT is a success Warren Buffett says UNITED AIRLINES made a 'terrible mistake' Tribune Media is sold to Sinclair in latest blow to CHICAGO's media industry Kushner family apologizes for mentioning WHITE HOUSE adviser Jared Kushner BILL CLINTON and crime writer to pen White House thriller AUSTRIAN COURT Rules Facebook Must Delete ‘Hate Postings' Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Maria Sharapova Heather Wilson Mike Scioscia Current Topics White House Richard Simmons Phoenix South Korea Michael Flynn Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Mindhorn A Cure For HIV Is On The Horizon Fishing For Facebook Likes? They Won't Make You Happier - According To Science What Happened To WhatsApp? Major Outage Hits Millions Has The Pop Bubble Burst? Coke Is Cutting Hundreds Of Jobs Is This Companion Returning To Doctor Who? Who's Paying For Trump's Wall? Not The Taxpayer Is a Lack Of Eye Contact Racist? Oxford University Newsletter Forced To Apologise Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Drug Discovery Technologies Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Drug Discovery Technologies -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 PUNE , MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 8, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Drug Discovery Technologies Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Drug Discovery Technologies -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Drug Discovery Technologies market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to reach $XX million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of XX% from 2015 to 2022. Rise in new diseases and growing demand for therapeutics in various diseases are the factors driving the market growth. Stringent regulations and high initial cost associated with drug discovery are the factors hampering the market. Discovering drugs for diseases like Parkinson disease, cancer, nervous disorders is the opportunity for the market growth. Some of the key players in the market include Bayer Healthcare AG, Roche Holding AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Illumina Inc., Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Beckman Coulter Inc., Aviva Biosciences Corp., Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Novartis AG, Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., Evotec AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Viva Biotech Ltd, Sri Biosciences, GE Healthcare Ltd., Qiagen N.V. and Quantum Pharmaceuticals. Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/731667-drug-discovery-technologies-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Technologies Covered: • DNA & Protein Microarrays • High Throughput Screening • Genomics • Biochips • Proteomic Technologies • Microfluidics • Metabolomics • Pharmacogenomics • Gel Electrophoresis • Bioanalytical Instruments • Chromatography • Bioinformatics • QPCR • Combinatorial Chemistry • Mass Spectrometry • Nanotechnology • RNAi • Nucleic Acid Isolation • Protein • Epigenetics • Cell Based Assays • Laboratory Information Management Systems Applications Covered: • Parkinson’s disease • Cancer • Central Nervous System Disorders • Cardiovascular Diseases • Other Applications Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/731667-drug-discovery-technologies-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 End Users Covered: • Biopharmaceutical Companies • Research Institutes • Biotech Companies • Pharmaceutical Companies Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=731667 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Several PDA Leaders Recognized as Top “Industry Influencers” in Drug Development and Manufacture in 2017 Next PostNext Top 5 Vendors in the Global String Inverters Market from 2017-2021: Technavio Search Recent Posts Annual Beach Cleaning and May 1st Celebration in Creta Maris Beach Resort Arrow Montessori school Set To Present Spring fest 2017 St. Lawrence International Film Festival Announces May Official Selections For Sliff Online New Opportunities with China Trade Show for New Business Owners Social Purchasing Global Market Analysis, Segmentation, Competitors Analysis, Product Research, Trends and Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Lupus Nephritis Market Analysis Shows Growth & Profit Potential with a Forecast During 2016 – 2023 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/08/2017 — In recent times, the Lupus nephritis market has been growing due to the rise of cases trying to prevent and treat the different disorders caused by the lupus nephritis condition. The newest market report titled „Lupus Nephritis Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2023″ has been lately included to the enormous online collection of Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE). This report is an instrumental analysis of the present market trends, product analysis, market dynamics, challenges and growth prospects of the lupus nephritis market. Request for Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/1886 The report starts with an introduction on the booming lupus nephritis market, including its market segments and sub-segments, market trends and market size. The study elaborates on the current market trends, opportunities, and challenges. Furthermore, the evaluation of the market dynamics like supply and demand for the market products helps improved business creation. This vital information provides the buyers with the main growth drivers of the market. Such key analysis is described in a precise yet simple manner to enable investors, understand this market thoroughly. Geographically, the major regions active in this market are included in the report to help buyers identify prospective regions. These regions are North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe, and rest of the world. Similarly, the study analyzes the promising companies from this sector. Some of the major market leaders in the global lupus nephritis market are Roche, Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, and GlaxoSmithKline. The report also reveals that Benlysta, created by GlaxoSmithKline, is the only approved biologic drug in the global lupus nephritis market. In the next section of this report, it analyzes the competitive landscape to help clients build better business plans. These data about the growth process of this sector will help investors build wiser business models, with the help of this exciting report. The analysis of the technological breakthroughs, help new entrants become up-to-date. Some other major aspects that support the growth of the market, like the analysis of the value chain and stakeholders are aptly analyzed in the functional report. Besides this, the evaluation of the emerging niche segments and regional markets is bound to create better plans. Additionally, the objective assessment of the trajectory of the market is also expected to help boost the lupus nephritis market. Thus, this enriched report is sure to help entrepreneurs devise practical business strategies, and gain massive profits from this growing industry. Browse Full Report with TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/lupus-nephritis-market About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Follow Us on LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Follow Us On Twitter-https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Africa-Deployed Sailors Strive to Stay Physically Fit Next PostNext Laser Marking Machine Industry 2017 Global Market By Segment, Types, Regions, Applications And Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Global Swine Health Market Driven by the Rising Demand for Livestock Products: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global swine health market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global swine health market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 08, 2017 04:03 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The global swine health market is projected to grow to USD 2511.64 million by 2021, at a CAGR of nearly 8% over the forecast period, according to Technavio’s latest report. In this report, Technavio covers the market outlook and growth prospects of the global swine health market for 2017-2021. Based on the route of administration (ROA), the market is divided into injectables and oral segments.   The productivity and profitability of pig production depend on the health status of the herd and the way it is managed. The rising demand for livestock products is leading to increased swine production, which has a direct positive impact on the growth of the swine health market.   Technavio’s research study segments the global swine health market into the following regions: APAC EMEA Americas Swine health market in APAC “APAC is both the largest and the fastest growing segment of the swine health market, due to the swift growth in demand for livestock products and of swine farming in China,” says Sapna Jha, a lead analyst at Technavio for cardiovascular and metabolic disorders research. Researchers and vendors in the market space are increasingly focusing on the prevention and treatment of swine-related diseases effectively to boost the livestock production. Also, the rising adoption of vaccines is expected to increase during the forecast period, attributed to the increased awareness among the end-users. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Swine health market in EMEA The growing awareness regarding swine health-related products and drugs in the Middle East and Africa about swine health has led to a surge in the growth of the market segment. Countries such as South Africa, Kenya, and Zambia pose a high risk for developing disease outbreaks amongst its swine population, which is expected to result in an increased demand for antibiotics and vaccines. Also, vendors are devising new product development strategies to address the unmet needs in the market. Swine health market in the Americas “The swine health market in the Americas is projected to be worth nearly USD 530 million by 2021, driven by new product launches and FDA drug approvals,” says Sapna. For instance, Med-Pharmex received approval from the US FDA to launch Florfenicol for the treatment of swine respiratory disease associated with A. pleuropneumoniae, P. multocida, S. choleraesuis, and S. suis. Such initiatives will increase the drug usage to improve swine health, thereby fueling the market growth. The top vendors in the global swine health market highlighted in the report are: Boehringer Ingelheim Ceva Santé Animale Elanco Merck Animal Health Zoetis Browse Related Reports: Global Neutropenia Treatment Market 2017-2021 Global Botanical and Plant-Derived Drugs Market 2017-2021 Global Therapeutic Drug Monitoring Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like cardiovascular devices, in-vitro diagnostics, and oncology. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, resellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary The global swine health market is projected to grow to USD 2511.64 million by 2021, at a CAGR of nearly 8% over the forecast period, according to Technavio’s latest report. #Hashtags #swinehealth #Healthcare #Technavio #Research #MetabolicDisorders Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Thyroid Disorders Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 3.1% by 2022 Global Thyroid Disorder Market Information, by Treatment (drugs and supplements, diagnostics and surgery), by Disease Indication (hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism and other), by Route of Administration (oral, injectable and others) and by End Users (hospitals and home use) – Forecast till 2022 Global Thyroid Disorder Market Information, by Treatment (drugs and supplements, diagnostics and surgery), by Disease Indication (hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism and other), by Route of Administration (oral, injectable and others) and by End Users (hospitals and home use) – Forecast till 2022 Thyroid gland produce the hormones namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4) by trapping iodine from food. These hormones play an important role in the regulation of metabolism, growth & development, intelligence and nervous deficit, fertility, kidney functions, cardiac functions etc. The lack of iodine results in cretinism, goiter, deficient mental development and host of other ailments such as cardiac disorders. According to the international thyroid society almost 20 million Americans suffer from some form of thyroid disease and more than 12 percent of the U.S. population will develop a thyroid condition during their lifetime. The market driving factors for the world thyroid disorder market are growing prevalence of thyroid disorders, good reimbursement options for treatment and increasing awareness about the implications of thyroid disorders. The rise in screening for iodine disorders and thyroid tumors is also leading to the growth of the market. Growth in risk factors such as obesity, diabetes and auto immune diseases etc. are increasing the number of patients who are suffering from thyroid disorders. For example, diabetics are twice more likely to develop hashimoto’s thyroiditis. Increasing focus of governments especially of developing regions on the healthcare sector and is another driver for the global thyroid disorders market. Request for sample report at https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2747 . The market’s restraints includes high costs of the treatment and side-effects associated with current medication. Thyroid disorders treatment medication have a low therapeutic index which is the difference between safe and effective dose. The rise of alternative medicines has also reduced the market size. The market is an extremely consolidated market with few large players dominating it. The thyroid disorder market also reflects an oligopolistic nature in the drugs and supplements segment with a few molecules such as levothyroxine, cytomel, liothyronine, imidazole and propacil dominating the market. The global thyroid disorders market has been evaluated to be a growing market and it is expected that the market will touch moderate growth figures by growing at a CAGR of 3.1% in future. The major participants of this market are namely Allergan, Abbott Laboratories, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer Inc., RLC LABS, AbbVie, Mylan and others. Depending on the geographic region, thyroid disorders market is segmented into four key regions namely America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. Globally, America is the largest market for thyroid disorders followed by Europe. Asia Pacific region is expected to be fastest growing region in thyroid disorders market due to increasing investments in the healthcare sector,  increasing awareness about thyroid disorders, its medication as well as screening.  Browse complete report at https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/thyroid-disorder-market-2747 . Intended Audience Thyroid diagnostic and surgical manufacturers Anti-thyroid disorder drugs suppliers Private research laboratories Research and development (R&D) companies Market research and consulting service providers Government research laboratories Contract manufacturing organizations  Key Players for Global Thyroid Disorder Market: Allergan Abbott Laboratories GlaxoSmithKline plc Merck & Co., Inc. Pfizer Inc. RLC LABS AbbVie Mylan Request for Discount  https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/2747 The report for global thyroid disorder market by Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with detail analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts and key opinion leaders to gain a deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives a clear picture of current market scenario which includes past and estimated future market size with respect to value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides detail information about and strategies used by top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the global thyroid market’s segments and regions. List of Tables TABLE 1    GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) TABLE 2    GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET, BY DRUG CLASS, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) TABLE 3    GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET, BY ROUTE OF ADMINISTRATION, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) TABLE 4        GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET, BY End Users, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) TABLE 5    GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET, BY REGION, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) List of Figures FIGURE 1    RESEARCH PROCESS FIGURE 2    PORTERS FIVE FORCES MODEL FIGURE 3    GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET, BY DRUG CLASS FIGURE 4    GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET, BY ROUTE OF ADMINISTRATION FIGURE 5    GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET, BY End Users FIGURE 6    GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET, BY REGION FIGURE 7    GLOBAL THYROID DISORDERS MARKET: COMPANY SHARE ANALYSIS, 2015 (%)     Media Contact Company Name: Market Research Future Contact Person: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Address:Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/thyroid-disorder-market-2747 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Intergrid Expands International Hosting Network With New Datacentre In Melbourne, Victoria Next PostNext Aid File Recovery Launches New Software Program for SanDisk Data Recovery Search Recent Posts Acetochlor Market 2022: Projected to exceed Global Market Income, Shares and competitive landscape. Photo Printing Market to 2025 Analysis & Trends by Type and Point Of Sales |The Insight Partners Optical Transport Network Industry Research Report 2025 – Analysis and Future Trends |The Insight Partners Worldwide Position Sensors Market Size (Value), Share, Trends, Growth, Company Profiles & Outlook 2017 to 2022 Global Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM) Market Analysis and Industry Research Report to 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Antibacterial Drugs Market Will Grow at a CAGR of 1.30% by 2023 New York, May 08: Market Research Engine has published a new report titled as “Antibacterial Drugs Market By Class (Aminoglycosides, B-Lactams, Tetracyclines, Sulfonamides, Macrolides, Phenicols and Pipeline Drugs) – Global Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2023” The Antibacterial Drugs market is expected to cross US$ 38 Billion by 2023 growing at a CAGR of 1.30% during the given forecast period. Browse Full Report: www.marketresearchengine.com/reportdetails/antibacterial-… The term Antibiotic refers to antimicrobials which are obtained or derived from the bacteria or molds. Antibacterial drugs have different modes of action which includes increasing the cell membrane permeability, interfering with protein synthesis, nucleic acid metabolism, inhibiting cell wall synthesis. These drugs are used in the treatment as well as prevention of bacterial infection. These antibiotic drugs inhibit the growth of or kill the bacteria.The term antibiotic is used to refer to any substance used against microbes. The major driving factors of Antibacterial Drugs Market are as follows: • There is a very high prevalence of infectious diseases. • The research and development activities have increased. • Product differentiation through various methods. • Increased government support. The restraining factors of Antibacterial drugs Market are as follows: • Rise in drug resistant species. • Launch of the generic drugs. • Patent expiry. The Antibacterial drugsMarket is segmented based on Class as Aminoglycosides, B-Lactams, Tetracyclines, Sulfonamides, Quinolones/Fluoroquinolones, Macrolides, Phenicols, Miscellaneous Antibacterials. The Antibacterial Drugs Market geographic segmentation covers various regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Each geography market is further segmented to provide market revenue for select countries such as the U.S., Canada, U.K. Germany, China, Japan, India, Brazil, and GCC countries. This report provides: 1) An overview of the global Antibacterial Drugs Market and related technologies. 2) Analyses of global market trends and projections of compound annual growth rates (CAGRs) through 2020. 3) Identifications of new market opportunities and targeted promotional plans for Antibacterial Drugs Market. 4) Discussion of research and development, and the demand for new products and new applications. 5) Comprehensive company profiles of major players in the industry. REPORT SCOPE: The scope of the report includes a detailed study of global and regional markets for various types of Antibacterial DrugsMarket with the reasons given for variations in the growth of the industry in certain regions. The report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the global market. Key players profiled in the report include Allergen plc, AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly & Co., Forest Laboratories, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc. Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., and Sanofi. are provided in the report. Company profile includes assign such as company summary, financial summary, business strategy and planning, SWOT analysis and current developments. The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players. The Market Segmentation of Antibacterial Drugs is as follows: BY Drug Class: • Aminoglycosides • B-Lactams • Tetracyclines • Sulfonamides • Quinolones/Fluoroquinolones • Macrolides • Phenicols • Miscellaneous Antibacterials BY GEOGRAPHY • North America • Asia Pacific • Europe • Latin America and Africa • Middle East Reasons to buy this Report: 1) Obtain the most up to date information available on all active and planned Antibacterial Drugs Market globally. 2) Identify growth segments and opportunities in the industry. 3) Facilitate decision making on the basis of strong historic and forecast of Antibacterial Drugs market and unit capacity data. 4) Assess your competitor’s refining portfolio and its evolution. About MarketResearchEngine.com Market Research Engine is a global market research and consulting organization. We provide market intelligence in emerging, niche technologies and markets. Our market analysis powered by rigorous methodology and quality metrics provide information and forecasts across emerging markets, emerging technologies and emerging business models. Our deep focus on industry verticals and country reports help our clients to identify opportunities and develop business strategies. Media Contact Company Name: Market Research Engine Contact Person: John Bay Email: john@marketresearchengine.com Phone: +1-855-984-1862, +91-860-565-7204 Country: United States Website: www.marketresearchengine.com/ Address: 3422 SW 15 Street, Suite #8942, Deerfield Beach, FL 33442, United States This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Silk Market Worth 16.94 Billion USD by 2021 Next PostNext American Society of Hematology Announces 2017-2018 Physician-Scientist Career Development Award Recipients Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman BUYINS.NET: APEI, TBF, VONE, VTWG, LYB, ECYT Are Seasonally Ripe To Go Up In the Next Five Weeks Disclosure NewswireTM iCrowdNewswire – May 8, 2017 May 8, 2017 / M2 PRESSWIRE / BUYINS.NET / www.buyins.net is monitoring the Seasonality of American Public Education, Inc. (NASDAQ:APEI), PROSHARES TR 20+YR TRSY (NYSE:TBF), Vanguard Russell 1000 ETF (NASDAQ:VONE), Vanguard Russell 2000 Growth ETF (NASDAQ:VTWG), LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (NYSE:LYB), Endocyte Inc. (NASDAQ:ECYT) and each have a high seasonal probability to go Up in the next weeks. By identifying stocks that are poised to go up or down based on seasonal tendencies, traders can increase their odds of making money. buyins.net is able to analyze over 20 years of data in less than 1 second for any stock in the market and determine if the stock has a long or short seasonal bias, how many trading days the move is expected to last, the probability of that move and the percentage move the stock is expected to make based on the seasonal bias. The technology used to generate these predictions is available for a low monthly fee at: The following stocks are expected to go Up: Symbol Company Expected Return Odds By The Following Date APEI American Public Education, Inc. 4.43% 88.89% (8 of 9) Tuesday, May 9th 2017 TBF PROSHARES TR 20+YR TRSY 1.20% 85.71% (6 of 7) Tuesday, May 9th 2017 VONE Vanguard Russell 1000 ETF 0.75% 66.67% (4 of 6) Tuesday, May 9th 2017 VTWG Vanguard Russell 2000 Growth ETF 1.07% 100.00% (6 of 6) Tuesday, May 9th 2017 LYB LyondellBasell Industries N.V. 1.22% 85.71% (6 of 7) Tuesday, May 9th 2017 ECYT Endocyte Inc. 2.04% 100.00% (6 of 6) Tuesday, May 9th 2017 American Public Education, Inc. (NASDAQ:APEI) – American Public Education, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides online and campus-based postsecondary education. The company operates through two segments, American Public Education and Hondros College of Nursing. It offers 106 degree programs and 103 certificate programs in various fields of study, including business administration, health science, technology, criminal justice, education, and liberal arts, as well as national security, military studies, intelligence, and homeland security. The company also provides diploma in practical nursing and an associate degree in nursing; and an online registered nurse to Bachelor of Science in nursing completion program. American Public Education, Inc. was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Charles Town, West Virginia.. PROSHARES TR 20+YR TRSY (NYSE:TBF) – Proshares Short 20+ Year Treasury Etf. Vanguard Russell 1000 ETF (NASDAQ:VONE) – The investment seeks to track the performance of a benchmark index that measures the investment return of large-capitalization stocks in the United States. The fund employs an indexing investment approach designed to track the performance of the Russell 1000 Index. The index is designed to measure the performance of large-capitalization stocks in the United States. The Advisor attempts to replicate the target index by investing all, or substantially all, of its assets in the stocks that make up the index, holding each stock in approximately the same proportion as its weighting in the index.. Vanguard Russell 2000 Growth ETF (NASDAQ:VTWG) – The investment seeks to track the performance of a benchmark index that measures the investment return of small-capitalization growth stocks in the United States. The fund employs an indexing investment approach designed to track the performance of the Russell 2000 Growth Index. The index is designed to measure the performance of small-capitalization growth stocks in the United States. The advisor attempts to replicate the target index by investing all, or substantially all, of its assets in the stocks that make up the index, holding each stock in approximately the same proportion as its weighting in the index.. LyondellBasell Industries N.V. (NYSE:LYB) – LyondellBasell Industries N.V. operates as a manufacturer of chemicals and polymers, refiner of crude oil, producer of gasoline blending components, and developer and licensor of technologies for production of polymers worldwide. The company operates in five segments: Olefins and Polyolefins Americas; Olefins and Polyolefins Europe, Asia, International; Intermediates and Derivatives; Refining; and Technology. It produces and markets olefins, including ethylene, propylene, and butadiene; polyethylene products, which consist of high density polyethylene, low density polyethylene, and linear low density polyethylene; polyolefins, such as polyethylene and polypropylene (PP); and PP homopolymers, copolymers, and compounds. The company also produces and sells propylene oxide and its derivatives; oxyfuels and related products; and intermediate chemicals, such as styrene monomers, methanol products, glacial acetic acids, vinyl acetate monomers, and ethylene oxides and derivatives. In addition, it refines crude oil into gasoline, diesel, and jet fuel; develops and licenses chemical and polyolefin process technologies; and manufactures and sells polyolefin catalysts, as well as purchases and sells ethylene. The company also exports its products. LyondellBasell Industries N.V. was founded in 2005 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.. Endocyte Inc. (NASDAQ:ECYT) – Endocyte, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, develops targeted therapies for the treatment of cancer and inflammatory diseases in the United States. The company uses its technology to create novel small molecule drug conjugates (SMDCs) and companion imaging agents. It is developing Vintafolide, a SMDC that is in Phase IIb clinical trial to treat non-small cell lung cancer; EC1456, which is in Phase I dose escalation trial for the treatment of advanced solid tumors; and EC1169, a tubulysin therapeutic that is in Phase I dose escalation trial to treat advanced metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. The company s products in pre-clinical development include EC2629, a folate receptor-targeted SMDC for use in treating cancer; EC2319 for the treatment of inflammatory diseases; EC0371 for treating polycystic kidney disease; and SMDC bi-specific adaptor chimeric antigen receptor T-cell for the treatment of immunotherapy in cancer. Endocyte, Inc. has a collaboration agreement with Purdue Research Foundation; Master License Agreement with Purdue Research Foundation; Merck Sharp & Dohme Research GmbH; and Nihon Medi-Physic Co., LTD. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in West Lafayette, Indiana.. About BUYINS.NET BUYINS.NET, http://www.buyins.net, monitors trading in all US stocks in real time and maintains massive databases of short sale and naked short sale time and sales data, short squeeze SqueezeTrigger prices, market-maker price movements, shareholder data, statistical data on earnings, sector correlation, seasonality, hedge fund trading strategies, comparable valuations. Reports include: REGULATORY & COMPLIANCE NEWS Friction Factor – Market maker surveillance system tracking Level II market makers in all stocks to determine Price Friction and compliance with new “Fair Market Making Requirements” Naked Shorts (RegSho) – Tracks EVERY failure to deliver in all US stocks and tracks all Threshold Security Lists daily for which stocks have naked shorts that are not in compliance with Regulation SHO INVESTMENTS & TRADING Earnings – Predicts probability, price move and length of move before and after all US stock earnings reports Seasonality – Predicts probability, price move and length of move based on exact time of year for all US stocks Group Correlation – Tracks sector rotation and stock correlation to its sector and predicts future moves in ALL sectors and industry groups SqueezeTrigger – Massive database that tracks EVERY short sale (not just total short interest) in all US stocks and calculates volume weighted price that a short squeeze will begin in each stock. Valuation – Tracks all known valuation models and applies them. GATS – Tracks and quantifies known trading strategies by backtesting, optimizing and running genetic algorithms and neural networks to ascertain best trading strategies. PatternScan – Automates tracking of every technical pattern and predicts next move in stocks. Insider – Tracks insiders trading records and determines trading performance. Trades by higher-level insiders are generally more predictive than trades by lower level insiders Events – Tracks patterns directly correlated to specific events. SqueezeTrigger is a registered trademark, Reg. No. 3,120,641 DISCLAIMER: BUYINS.NET is not a registered investment advisor and nothing contained in any materials should be construed as a recommendation to buy or sell any securities. [symbol] has not approved the statements made in this release. Please read our report and visit our web site, http://www.buyins.net, for complete risks and disclosures. Contact: Tom Ronk, CEO BUYINS.NET [email protected] 800-715-9999 CategoriesUncategorized TagsDisclosure Newswire, English, Public Companies / Stock Exchange Listed Companies, stock stocks invest investing investor investments trade trader trading finance, United States Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ISA S.A. E.S.P. to Webcast, Live, at VirtualInvestorConferences.com May 11 Next PostNext BUYINS.NET: MHLD SqueezeTrigger Price is $11.94. There is $29,335,200 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Search Recent Posts Microalbuminuria Market Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2025 Global Mobile Phone Turbo Chargers Market : Industry Statistics, Valuable Source of Guidance and Direction for Companies and Individuals Interested in the Market 2016-202 U.S. Business Leaders Share Training, Resources Internationally Global Electroplating Market Will Expand at a Modest CAGR of 3.7%, Revenues Worth over US $21 Billion by 2026 End Christian Business Organization Announces Fellows Program for Students Seeking Summer Internships RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Porcine Vaccine Market – North America Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Porcine Vaccine Market This report on the porcine vaccine market analyzes the current and future scenario of the North America market. Increase in disease indication among swine, technological advancement of RNA strand methodology, and cultivation of pig for growth in standard of living is accounted to form growth in porcine vaccine segment. Increase trading facilities of live hogs/pigs, demand of pork meat and innovation through clinical research activities are some of the drivers expected to drive the North America porcine vaccine market during the forecast period. The North America porcine vaccine market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes market snapshot that provides information about various segments. It also provides information and data analysis of the country’s market with respect to the segments based on disease indication, technology, end-user, and country. A detailed qualitative analysis of drivers and restraints, and opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. Additionally, the section comprises Porters Five Forces Analysis to help understand the competitive landscape in the market. This section also provides market attractiveness analysis in terms of country and market share analysis by key players, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the North America porcine vaccine market. This 131 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Porcine Vaccine Market. Browse through 10 data tables and 43 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/north-america-porcine-… Based on disease indication, the market has been segmented into diarrhoea, swine influenza, porcine reproductive and respiratory virus (PRRSV), porcine circovirus associated disease (PCVAD) and others. Diarrhoea is the most widely spread disease across the North America; porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) hit the United States in 2013 and spread to Canada in 2014 which infected piglets and has 80%-100% mortality rate. The market segments have been analyzed based on available approved products, cost-effectiveness, and preference from veterans for treating the swine with various disease indications. The market size and forecast for each of these segments have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Based on technology, the North America porcine vaccine market has been segmented into inactivated vaccines, live attenuated vaccines, toxoid vaccines, recombinant vaccines, conjugate vaccines, and DNA vaccines. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on increase in demand for disease treatment such as PEDv, PRRSv, and PCVAD. Demand of disease free pork meat, and increasing awareness for treating the cultivated pigs are driving the market share of technological segment. Different types of end-user utilize porcine vaccines to treat swine diseases either. Under the end-user segment, hog/pig production farms plays a major role followed by veterinary hospitals. The market size and forecast in terms of US$ Mn for each segment have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024. The report also provides the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each market segment for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Porcine Vaccine Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Geographically, the North America porcine vaccine market has been categorized into key countries: North America (the U.S. and Canada). The market size and forecast for each of these regions and the mentioned countries have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. The report also profiles major players in the North America porcine vaccine market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, SWOT analysis, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Bayer AG., Bimeda Animal Health, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Ceva Santé Animale, Elanco (Eli Lilly and Company), Merck & Co., Inc., Merial (Sanofi), Vetoquinol, Zoetis Inc. and others. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Surgery Transmission System Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2017 – 2025 – Persistence Market Research Next PostNext Global Foosball Equipment Market by Type, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Do you Know Recent Trends in Booming Sleep Aids Market in the Global Industry? Big Market Research added a report on “Sleep Aids Market By Product (Mattress & Pillows, Sleep Laboratories, Medications, And Sleep Apnea Devices) And Sleep Disorder (Insomnia, Sleep Apnea, Restless Leg Syndrome, Narcolepsy, Sleep Walking, And Other Sleep Disorders) – Global Opportunity Analysis And Industry Forecast, 2017-2023” Sleep aids are drugs and devices that are used to diagnose and treat sleep disorders, such as sleep apnea and insomnia. Sleep disorders are caused due to substance misuse, stressful work environment, and inconsistent sleep pattern. Sleep aids help to improve the quality of sleep by reducing the time required to fall asleep and increasing the duration of quality sleep. The global sleep aids market was valued at $49,543 million in 2016, and is estimated to reach $79,851 million by 2022, registering a CAGR of 7.0% from 2017 to 2023. Request for Sample Copy@ goo.gl/5ugF9q The global sleep aids market is segmented based on product, sleep disorder, and geography. Based on product, it is categorized into mattress & pillows, sleep laboratories, medications, and sleep apnea devices. The medications segment is further divided into prescription-based drugs, over-the-counter (OTC) drugs, and herbal drugs. Based on sleep disorder, it is classified into insomnia, sleep apnea, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, sleep walking, and other sleep disorder. Geographically, it is analyzed across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and LAMEA. The market growth is attributed to the surge in prevalence of sleep disorders, rise in geriatric and obese population, and change in lifestyle. The surge in disposable income; increase in awareness about sleep disorders; stressful work issues; enhanced intake of caffeine, tobacco, and alcohol; and technological advancements are expected to boost the sleep aids market growth. However, adverse effects of sleep aids medication in patient with sleep disorders, such as dizziness, diarrhea, constipation, daytime drowsiness; and expiration on sleep drugs patents are expected to hamper the market growth. For Purchase Enquiry@ goo.gl/rRvdSH KEY BENEFITS • This report offers a detailed quantitative analysis of the current market trends from 2016 to 2023 to identify the prevailing opportunities. • Market estimations provided are based on comprehensive analysis of the key developments in the industry. • The global market is comprehensively analyzed with respect to product, sleep disorder, and geography. • In-depth analysis based on geography facilitates in analyzing the regional market to assist in strategic business planning. • The development strategies adopted by key manufacturers are enlisted to understand the competitive scenario of the market. KEY PLAYERS PROFILED • Koninklijke Philips N.V. • Merck & Co. • Sanofi • DeVilbiss Healthcare LLC. • Pfizer Inc. • SleepMed Inc. • Cadwell Laboratories Inc. • Compumedics Limited • Natus Medical Incorporated • GlaxoSmithKline plc. Sleep Aids Market Key Segments BY PRODUCT • Mattresses & Pillows • Sleep Laboratories • Medications • Sleep Apnea Devices BY SLEEP DISORDER • Insomnia • Sleep Apnea • Restless Legs Syndrome • Narcolepsy • Sleep Walking • Other Sleep Disorders BY GEOGRAPHY • North America • Europe • Asia-Pacific • LAMEA About Us: With the arsenal of different search reports, we help you here to look and buy research reports that will be helpful to you and your organization. Our research reports have the capability and authenticity to support your organization for growth and consistency. With the window of opportunity getting open and shut at a speed of light, it has become very important to survive in the market and only the fittest and competent enough can do so. So, we try and provide with latest changes in the market that can suit your needs and help you take decision accordingly. Our research services ranges into different domains and penetrates in different verticals so that we can carter to diverse needs of various organization. Not wrong to quote that this is the hotspot for research needs of yours. Big Market Research uniqueness lies in its highly ethical reports at economical rates because we value your relationship and growth more than money. Your growth is our aim. Contact Us: 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive, #205, Portland, OR 97220, United States Direct: + 1-503-894-6022 Toll Free: + 1-800-910-6452 Email: help@bigmarketresearch.com Web: www.bigmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Retail Tissue in Hungary Market Next PostNext Alta Devices Demonstrates the Impact of Extended-Endurance Drones and UAVs Search Recent Posts Eric Edson Interviewed by Film Courage Tick Tock Toys Launches Successful Kickstarter Campaign For Fidget Spinner Oncologist and Diagnostics Conference August 28-30, 2017 Brussels, Belgium 50% on discounted for registration and 3 night accommodation Fluorescent Lamp Market – Global Industry SWOT Analysis, Trend Research Report and Forecast 2022 Louisiana Cajun Mansion Announces Opening of New Bed and Breakfast RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Printing Materials for Thin Films Global Market Other Key Strategies By Type & Geography Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Printing Materials for Thin Films Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 08, 2017 ) The global market for printing materials for thin films is accounted for $101.6 million in 2014 and expected to reach $1034.6 million in 2022, representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 33.65% from 2014 to 2022. Electronic semiconductor devices and optical coatings are the main applications benefiting from thin-film construction. The major factors that drive growth in the thin film material market comprise high demand from current & emerging applications, increased demand for efficiency & miniaturization, development in technology, government policies, mandates, and subsidies. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-printing-materials-for-thin-films-market-outlook-2014-2022 These thin films are environmentally friendly, compared to other materials which are also an added advantage for the growth. However, the factors that are hindering the growth of this market are low conversion efficiency and vast investments required in R&D and technology. The drawback for the market growth is developers of the technology incur high investments in research and development to get rid of the defects. The Thin Film Printing Materials market is analyzed based on the following segments application and geography. The major applications includes Electronics, Opto-Electronics, Mechanical/Chemical, Energy, Optical Coatings, Life sciences and Others. In a geographical scenario the thin film market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Row. The Key Players in Thin Film market are Advanced Nano Products, Applied Nano Tech Holdings, Cima Nanotech, Clariant, Diversified Nano, Harima, Inktec, KUnshan Hisense Electronic, Lab21, Merck Performance Materials, Methode Electronics, Nanolab, Qd Vision. Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117241/sample What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 8.1 Advanced Nano Products 8.2 Applied Nano Tech Holdings 8.3 Cima Nanotech 8.4 Clariant 8.5 Diversified Nano 8.6 Harima 8.7 Inktec 8.8 Kunshan Hisense Electronic 8.9 Lab21 9.0 Merck Performance Materials 9.1 Methode Electronics 9.2 Nanolab 9.3 Qd Vision 9.4 Sigma Aldrich 9.5 Ulvac Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000117241/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Human Microbiome Global Market Research Scope, Commercial Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Human Microbiome Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 08, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Human Microbiome Market is accounted for $130.23 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/human-microbiome-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. Applications Covered: - Diagnostics - Therapeutics Diseases Covered: - Cancer - Acute Diarrhea - Diabetes - Mental Disorders - Autoimmune Disorders - Obesity - Other Diseases Products Covered: - Foods - Drugs - Probiotics - Diagnostic Devices - Prebiotics - Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products - Other Probiotics Supplements Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 10.2 E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 10.3 ViThera Pharmaceuticals 10.4 Metabiomics Corp. 10.5 ActoGeniX 10.6 Optibiotix Health Plc 10.7 Vedanta Biosciences, Inc. 10.8 MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC 10.9 Second Genome, Inc. 10.10 ENTEROME Bioscience 10.11 Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. 10.12 Osel, Inc. 10.13 AvidBiotics 10.14 Rebiotix Inc., 10.15 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.16 Seres Therapeutics Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Middle-East and Africa Bio pharmaceuticals Market is growing with a CAGR of 9.16% to reach USD 22.52 billion by 2021 Middle-East and Africa Bio pharmaceuticals Market research report, published by Market Data Forecastestimates that the market is growing with a CAGR of 9.16% to reach USD 22.52 billion by 2021, from USD 14.53 billion in 2016. For full report refer to www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and… Bio pharmaceuticals are all those products related to pharmaceutical drugs which are derived or partially synthesized biological sources. It consists of proteins and nucleic acids which are extracted from indirect biological sources for the purpose of therapeutics or vivo diagnostics. The first biopharmaceutical product which got an approval was Insulin. Biopharmaceuticals can be classified into hematopoietic growth factors, vaccines, interferon, blood factor, monoclonal antibodies, thrombolytic agent and hormone. The extraction of biopharmaceuticals is essential to characterize physiochemical, applying in clinical purposes and for purification. Among the global pharmaceutical market sales, biopharmaceuticals are the estimated to be the fastest growing market which constitutes of about 8% of the market sales. Free Sample for the report is available at www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and… Key factors which affect and thereby shift the market dynamics are studied intrinsically and are presented in an illustrious way in the report. Some of those factors are • Rising disposable income, • Increasing demand for healthcare products, • Accessible modernised goods and services, • Increasing prevalence of obesity, diabetes and heart diseases, • Improving healthcare infrastructure in developing markets, • Establishment of ‘free zones’ for foreign countries, • Lack of skilled professionals. For granular level understanding the Bio pharmaceuticals Market is segmented based on product type and therapeutic type, each being provided with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts. Enquire more about the report at www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/middle-east-and… Based on Product Type: • Monoclonal Antibodies (mAb) • Erythropoietin • Biotech Vaccines • Recombinant Human (RH) Insulin • Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) • Interferon • Human growth hormones (HGH) Based on Therapeutic Type: • Neurology • Infectious diseases • Diabetes • Oncology • Cardiovascular • Other Therapeutic Areas The Middle-East and Africa market is also analyzed individually in both the regions, thereby providing a more detailed geographical understanding of the market. Some of the major countries that hold significant place in this market include Egypt, KSA, UAE, Nigeria and Algeria. To buy the report please go to www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/middle-east-and-a… Some of the key players that operate in the Middle-East and Africa Bio pharmaceuticals market include Amgen and Genzyme, Pfizer, Merck, Johnson & Johnson, Sanofi-Aventis and Eli Lilly. The Middle-East and Africa Bio pharmaceuticals market report offers wide-range of scope: • Regional level analysis that provides an individual perspective of Middle-East and Africa region individually and on a whole • Know more about key areas of industry growth via detailed Segment-level analysis on basis of product type and therapeutic type along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations • Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics • Strategic Analyses containing PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses which are obtained by studying the macro & micro environmental factors that affect the market demographics • Comprehensive listing of key market players along with Company overview, product portfolios, financials (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview • Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies • Market Outlook – Investment opportunities devised by stand in experts to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market For more reports related to the Pharmaceuticals Market: • Global Anti-aging Market: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anti-agi… • Global Anti-coccidials Market:www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anticocc… • Global Anti-fungal drugs Market:www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-anti-fun… • Global Anti-venom Market:www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/global-antiveno… • Middle east and Africa Anti-viral drugs Market:www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/Middle-East-and… About Market Data Forecast: Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Market Data Forecast Blog @ www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. From all-encompassing umbrella markets to extremely specific niche markets covering all the major regions across the globe as part of the research scope, their research services offer one of a kind specialities with competitive pricing options. 502, kakatiya’s empire, Jubilee Gardens, Hyderabad, India. +1-888-702-9626 (U.S. TOLL FREE), contact@marketdataforecast.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sales Market Analysis: Global Boat Structure Membrane Market Research Report 2017 Next PostNext Super Fine Talc Powder Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Close menu Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Memphis Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Entertainment Education Sports Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Praise Video Photos Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Memphis Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Entertainment Education Sports Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Praise Video Photos Community Home > Community New deals for drugs: No heart attack or your money back Linda A. Johnson, AP Medical Writer Leave a comment 4 reads This undated file image provided by Amgen Inc. shows the cholesterol-lowering drug Repatha.  (Robert Dawson/Amgen via AP, File) TRENTON, N.J. (AP) _ Warranties and money-back guarantees, long used to entice buyers of products like hand tools and kitchen gadgets, are now being used to sell something more crucial: pricey new-generation drugs for diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and cancer. Deals being negotiated between drugmakers and the insurers who buy medicines now sometimes include extra rebates _ or even full refunds _ if drugs don’t help patients as expected. It’s part of an effort driven by insurers and government health programs to align the cost of care with the quality of care, and slow the relentless growth of prescription drug costs. “We’re spending less money on drugs that are less effective,” said Dr. Michael Sherman, chief medical officer for the not-for-profit insurer Harvard Pilgrim, which has several of these deals and is negotiating more. Sherman says one-fourth of every dollar it spends on patient care goes to prescription drugs. For the patient, it doesn’t mean a check in the mail if cancer comes back after a round of treatment. But it does mean patients could get a drug that an insurer might otherwise be unwilling to pay for and that might help them. And insurers, who now can track how patients fare through electronic medical records, will be reducing wasteful spending and making at least a dent in overall health care costs. “It’s going to be part of the solution” to soaring drug prices, predicts Roger Longman, CEO of Real Endpoints, an analytics company that assesses the value of medicines for drugmakers, insurers and other clients. Many new drugs now top $100,000 per year or course of treatment, even though their benefits are unclear or only marginally better than cheaper, older drugs. Buyers of those new drugs, usually insurance companies, are hesitant to pay without assurance the drugs will help patients. Not only is that bad for patients, it makes insurers spend even more on complications and hospital stays if the drugs don’t work. As a result, insurers often restrict access to expensive new drugs. Sometimes that’s achieved by making patients pay more out of their own pockets, or making doctors wade through red tape to get authorization for a patient’s medicine. Sometimes patients have to try cheaper drugs first, and only when they fail _ and the patients’ health has deteriorated _ are they allowed to get the pricey new drug. Pharmaceutical companies have an incentive here, too: These deals may help them sell more of the new drug they’ve spent hundreds of millions of dollars or more developing. For example, a new generation of injected cholesterol drugs does an impressive job of reducing so-called bad cholesterol. But the drugs, Amgen’s Repatha and Sanofi’s Praluent, cost $14,000 a year, while cheap generic pills do a good job of lowering cholesterol for most people for $300 a year or less. Predictably, insurers often reject prescriptions for these drugs. So Amgen, trying to boost disappointing sales for a drug expected to be a huge seller, is offering full refunds to insurers if patients have a heart attack or stroke while taking its drug. On Tuesday, Amgen announced its first deal to do so, with Harvard Pilgrim. Sanofi has a contract with insurer Cigna to pay extra rebates if patient cholesterol doesn’t fall as much as expected. “It demonstrates the fact that we are standing behind the value the product has, and we’re willing to put some money behind it,” said James Borneman, Sanofi’s head of strategic pricing. Some insurers are now demanding these deals, which are expected to become standard for some drugs: super-expensive medicines for cancer and rare diseases, and others that are used widely enough to cost insurers millions. In addition, the drugs must have a benefit that’s easy to measure, such as keeping kids with asthma out of the emergency room or preventing growth of cancerous tumors for a certain period. Cigna has been pursuing more of these types of deals after finding that some of its earlier efforts “met or exceeded expectations in terms of benefit to our customers, patients,” said Chris Bradbury, who heads Cigna’s prescription benefit program. One of its early deals, with drugmaker Merck for its diabetes pills Januvia and Janumet, dates to 2009, with rebates pegged to how much patients lower blood sugar. “We keep re-signing that agreement, so I think they’re pretty satisfied,” said Bob McMahon, head of U.S. marketing at Merck, which also has such contracts with insurers and hospital systems covering an asthma medicine and is negotiating contracts for an infection drug. Other companies with such deals for one or more medicines include drugmakers Eli Lilly, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, Novo Nordisk and Roche’s Genentech unit; insurers Aetna and Priority Health, and prescription benefit manager Express Scripts. On their own, these deals are unlikely to reverse the persistent rise in medical spending, experts say. But they improve the chance that the money will at least go to treatments that work best _ by making sure insurers and drug companies have something at stake along with the patient. “There’s a risk on both sides with these contracts,” said Dr. Mark Fendrick, director of the University of Michigan’s Center for Value-Based Insurance Design. “Both want to make sure they’ll get the outcome they want.” ___ Follow Linda A. Johnson at https://twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma . Also On Atlanta Daily World: comments – Add Yours DIGITAL EDITION × Sign Up Now For The Atlanta Daily World Newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Follow Us! Follow Us! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mendix Solidifies Market Leadership in High Productivity aPaaS Market with Analyst Accolades and High Double-Digit Growth in Q1 BOSTON,  May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Mendix, the fastest and easiest platform for creating and continuously improving mobile and web applications, today announced continued strength in business momentum in Q1 2017, including recognition as a Leader by Gartner and Forrester. Mendix reported high double-digit growth in global bookings compared to Q1 2016, including a 209 percent increase in the U.K. The bookings growth was driven by new clients adopting Mendix to change the way they deliver applications and existing customers building out Centers of Excellence to deliver a portfolio of mobile and web applications that change their operations at scale. Global organizations such as CasinoSoft LLC, Cargolux Airlines, Prudential Life Assurance, SUEZ, Veriforce LLC and Zurich, are using the Mendix platform to realize unprecedented time to value for applications that deliver better customer experiences, improve operational efficiency, and grow revenue through new products and services. „We adopted the Mendix platform to serve as an agile layer on top of our core system, mobile and online banking platforms, enabling us to quickly develop differentiating applications and compete with much larger financial institutions,” said Kevin Randall, CIO at USALLIANCE. „Using Mendix, we delivered a self-service portal in three days that integrates seamlessly with our current systems, creating a smoother customer experience for our members using our digital channels, and alleviating demands on our call center staff. We’ve increased our pace of innovation, which has been a win-win for our members, employees and IT team.” „Today’s market leaders are putting high-productivity application platforms at the core of their business strategy,” said Derek Roos, CEO at Mendix. „Businesses across all industries must constantly find new ways to innovate in a world where technology has made it very easy for small disruptors to upend established business models. Global enterprises are using the Mendix platform to transform how they build applications, taking them quickly from ideas to large-scale production to meet customer demands and stay ahead of competition. I’m excited to see our platform’s ability to deliver unmatched time to value be recognized with our placement as a Leader in Gartner’s new Magic Quadrant for Enterprise High Productivity Application Platform as a Service.” Highlights include: Analyst and Industry Recognition Gartner High Productivity aPaaS Magic Quadrant – Mendix was named a Leader in the Gartner „2017 Magic Quadrant for High Productivity Enterprise Application Platform as a Service” report, achieving the furthest overall position for completeness of vision. Forrester Mobile Low-Code Platforms Wave – Mendix was also recognized as a Leader in „The Forrester Wave™ Mobile Low-Code Development Platforms, Q1 2017″, tying for the highest scores in 11 criteria, including mobile offline; data access and management; content and collaboration; quality assurance and feedback management; security controls and app management; and app scaling and performance. According to the report, „the Mendix platform includes mobile capabilities that are frequently sought by tech management teams, such as an embedded enterprise app store, flexible deployment options, and broad reporting capabilities.” CRN’s top Cloud Computing Vendors – Mendix was named one of the „20 Coolest Cloud Platform and Development Vendors of the 2017„, based on Glassdoor scores of employees who would recommend the company to a friend and who approve of the CEO. Strategic Partnerships to Accelerate Digital Transformation in the Enterprise Box – Box and Mendix announced a partnership to provide a fast, easy way to build custom web and mobile apps that operationalize Box content and make it available in any business process on any device. Mendix and Box are jointly developing reusable industry solutions to address common business processes, such as project planning, field worker enablement, case management, claims management, and clinical trial management. IBM – During the IBM Interconnect conference attended by more than 20,000 IT leaders, Mendix was invited to show how Enterprises can leverage emerging technologies like IoT and Blockchain quickly and with ease. Mendix is the only high-productivity platform that offers one-click deployment on IBM Bluemix and enables developers to leverage IBM Watson services (e.g. IoT, Blockchain and cognitive services) as native actions in the platform through drag-and-drop connectors. A video of the demo is available here. Developer Community Growth The Mendix Developer Community continued its strong growth, up 33 percent year over year. More than 40,000 users across 4,000 global organizations are actively using Mendix to build business apps, share reusable components, and respond to user questions. This vibrant community of innovators continues to provide great technical talent for IT organizations to pull from when building out their Center of Excellence. About Mendix Mendix is the fastest and easiest platform to build and continuously improve mobile and web applications that enable innovation. Recognized as a Leader by Gartner, we help our customers digitally transform their organizations and industries by building, managing, and improving apps at unprecedented speed and scale. More than 4,000 forward-thinking organizations, including KLM, Medtronic, Merck, and Philips, use our platform to build business applications to delight their customers and empower their employees. Learn why customers give us high marks on Gartner Peer Insights. Join the Mendix community by following Mendix on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Start building apps for free at www.mendix.com/try-now/ CONTACT: Sarah Salbu, sarah.salbu@mendix.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mendix-solidifies-market-leadership-in-high-productivity-apaas-market-with-analyst-accolades-and-high-double-digit-growth-in-q1-300452777.html SOURCE Mendix Related Links http://www.mendix.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSales Reports Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vonage to Launch Connectivity to Microsoft Workflow Automation Suite Next PostNext Blue 449 Recognized as One of the Best Places to Work Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
