Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Home Home Bloomberg Share on Facebook Share on Twitter A researcher prepares syringes at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance (RISUG) male contraceptive R&D laboratory. Photographer: Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg A New Kind of Male Birth Control Is Coming Novel treatment may be submitted for Indian approval this year by Ari Altstedter More stories by Ari Altstedter March 29, 2017, 6:01 AM EDT Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a Big Pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university startup in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use—but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet, so far only a U.S. non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. Professor Sujoy Guha. Photographer: Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg For Sujoy Guha, the 76-year-old biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to now find a company who wants to sell it—even though male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling—that they would never do it—plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market's 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. Professor Guha's assistant examines sperm samples. Photographer: Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg The procedure is 98 percent effective at preventing pregnancy—about the same as condoms if they are used every time—and has no major side effects, according to R. S. Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than 6 percent. Read More: Durex Wants to Break India's Condom-Buying Taboo Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 percent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 percent relied on their male partner using a condom. A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. A RISUG injection renders sperm infertile. Photographer: Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill. Bayer, which bought Schering in 2006, stopped all research and development activities around male fertility control about a decade ago, said Astrid Kranz, a company spokeswoman. Although an earlier clinical trial involving the administration of hormones via injection and an implant was “efficient, with a tolerable side effect profile,” Kranz said, the Leverkusen, Germany-based drugmaker wasn’t convinced this “inconvenient” regimen would find sufficient market acceptance. Male contraception isn’t an area of active research for Pfizer and Merck either, representatives said. Both companies sell products for female fertility control. Side effects aside, it would take about $100 million and 10 years to bring a hormone-based male birth control pill to market—a low-priority undertaking for pharmaceutical executives, Coelingh Bennink said. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” That’s now the dilemma Indian inventor Guha faces. “In doing anything abroad, quite substantial money is required, and that can only come from the pharmaceutical industry,” Guha said, surrounded by dusty stacks of paper, books and prototype inventions that bury every surface in his office at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, about 130 kilometers (80 miles) west of Kolkata. In the face of disinterest from the pharmaceutical industry, Guha licensed the technology to the Parsemus Foundation, a U.S.-based non-profit, to help establish a market for it outside India, he said. Parsemus is working on its own version, called Vasalgel, that it plans to manufacture and distribute at near cost—or potentially $10 to $20 per person in low- and middle-income countries—and $400 to $600 per person in wealthier markets, Elaine Lissner, the foundation’s founder, said in an email. The foundation, based in Berkeley, California, is seeking donations to fund costly human trials starting next year after a study in 16 rhesus monkeys published last month showed Vasalgel was successful in preventing conception while the primates fraternized with females for 5 to 24 months. Guha meantime has registered a startup in India called IcubedG Ideas Pvt. Ltd. through which he is pushing ahead with introducing the technology in his home country. He leased space in a New Delhi industrial zone in January after developing a method of mass production using a government grant. Three couples who participated in the clinical trials gathered in his Kharagpur office in February to attest to the need. Guha's R&D laboratory located inside the IIT Kharagpur campus. Photographer: Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg Kinkar Ari, a 39-year-old day laborer from a nearby village, said that when he and his wife Aloka decided they didn’t want more children they had a choice between tubal ligation for her or vasectomy for him, but neither could afford the time off to recuperate from the surgery. When a public health worker told the couple about Guha’s promising alternative, Ari decided to enroll in the study. The injection took 15 minutes with some local anesthesia, and after half an hour of observation at the clinic, he said he was able to walk the 2.5 kilometers home. Two days later, he was back at work. Ari was so enthused by the procedure, he convinced two other couples to have it done, he said. Stories like that encourage Guha to persist with the project, he said, even though patents on his invention have long since expired and he won’t see any personal financial gain even if it takes off worldwide. “Why should the burden be borne by the female only?” he said in his office after the three couples had left. “There has to be an equal partnership.” —With assistance from Jared S Hopkins and Johannes Koch.   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Twitch ups its e-commerce game as PC titles go on sale Irish IoT player Asavie plans Asian expansion with new Malaysia HQ Chinese tech giant Tencent spends $1.8bn for 5pc stake in Tesla What can we all expect on the Inspirefest 2017 stage? Leaders’ Insights: Amanda Roche-Kelly, Just Eat Ireland YouTube advertising mess could cost company $750m 2016 saw huge glut of data breaches, with 1.4bn files compromised What does GDPR mean for your energy business? The five-minute CIO: Tom Austin, Gartner US Senate passes motion to let ISPs share customer data with no consent European consumer lawsuit tsunami will come in wake of GDPR Which countries are the most and least prepared for cyberattacks? Enet pumps £175,000 into Northern Ireland telecoms infrastructure US Congress backs biggest privacy U-turn in internet history Bank of Ireland aims Digital Arrows to get more people online Telephony firm IP Telecom signs €1.5m deal with Radius Technologies New TV licence rules could extend to tablet, laptop and PC users Siro and Vodafone to light up 1Gbps business hubs in 15 Irish towns Sugru begins £1.5m crowdfunding bid to ramp up global expansion Meetingroom.io wins audience approval at 21st edition of DublinBeta What can start-ups learn from design thinking? Dublin fintech player ClaimVantage raises €2m Start-up of the week: Nova Leah 6 start-ups to watch that prove the west of Ireland is wide awake ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Leaders’ Insights: Alison Campbell, Knowledge Transfer Ireland DCU’s Prof Joe O’Hara named new president of European education group Researchers find genetic clue that might predict onset of type 1 diabetes Elon Musk now bypassing hands, linking brains directly with computers ‘Cretaceous equivalent of the Serengeti’ found in Australia Irish-led pandemic research shows we’re at greatest ever risk of outbreak Architecture firm reveals crazy plan to attach skyscraper to an asteroid Cork-based Tyndall set to lead €15.5m EU photonics consortium Three revs up for connected cars with Cisco Jasper IoT deal Graphene could soon make smartphones a lot cooler, literally Conversation on AI commerce should be music to tech giants’ ears Weekend takeaway: The machines are coming How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Tech apprenticeships could be the answer to the skills shortage What do you need to know to get a job in emerging technologies? Machine learning: Should we be excited or fearful for our jobs? Data is ‘absolutely essential’ to the future of work Girls in Tech arrives in Ireland to help narrow gender gap What does machine learning mean for the future of work? 5 alternative career goals to make you happy The ultimate cheat sheet for your CV 3 things to ask when your employee is leaving What is transformational talent and how can we get it? 4 things app developers need to know about the internet of things How to deal with confrontation at work MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact What is it like working on the chatbot platforms of the future? Deep learning is about more than AI – it has unified research MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ What is it like to be a graduate at PwC? 10 people to follow if you want a career in AI 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Damovo creates bridge to 30 new Dublin jobs At Qualtrics, culture is a huge part of the interview process Could robots actually take up 30pc of all jobs? PwC thinks so What kind of job can I get in AI development? Freelance economy boom: Lystable to create 10 jobs in Belfast 8 emerging technology jobs that are going to explode this year ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Bonfire night in Derry lands top Sony photo award Facebook is in crackling form to pop Snap’s bubble Here are the early contenders for the Comedy Pet Photography Awards 25 easy ‘teic’ terms you can try for Seachtain na Gaeilge Facebook encourages users to go ‘as Gaeilge’ for SnaG Twitter creates its version of a mute button in latest anti-abuse move Apple rolls out iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 updates, plus Night Shift for Mac Apple brings out Product (RED) edition iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones Where did I park my car? Google Maps will soon tell all First impressions: The Huawei P10 smartphone WhatsApp bows to angry users with promise to return popular feature Arrival of iOS 11 could ‘brick’ close to 200,000 apps Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse When is Stranger Things back? Netflix finally reveals all 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all ALL Growing a career in tech at Intel Ireland NIBRT: We help people who want to work in biotech What does a data analyst do on a day-to-day basis? Closing the talent gap, one child at a time Looking for a job with a top sci-tech company? Make sure you stand out What changes can we make to tackle gender inequality? ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT All Advice People Employers Jobs People In 2015, MSD Animal Health called on farmers across the country to join in on a cancer awareness initiative, painting their farm gates pink in support of the Irish Cancer Society. Image: Chris Bellew/Fennell Photography MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact 4 hours ago1 Share CSR is an integral part of many companies. Ger Brennan, managing director of human health for MSD Ireland, gives us some insight into the pharma giant’s global community work. At MSD, we recognise that we have a responsibility to contribute to society, the environment and our customers. Indeed, employee-led CSR is at the heart of our business, influencing how we operate, how we engage and how others view us. As a nationwide employer, we focus on making a real contribution to the communities in which we operate, and our employees embrace that responsibility wholeheartedly. We have a range of community, workplace and environmental CSR programmes across all of our sites, and our teams are actively engaged in numerous volunteering initiatives around the country. Neighbour of Choice At the local level, across our five sites, we have an ambitious grants programme known as Neighbour of Choice, which supports local charities and organisations, and has been doing so since 2011. Our ambitious programme of activities with local community groups involves projects that enhance the environment, support education and contribute to the local business economy, such as the Friends of Marymount and South Eastern Mountain Rescue Association. Another key initiative that we are delighted to be supporting is the Irish Cancer Society’s Volunteer Driver Service. Cancer is an issue that affects almost every family in Ireland at some stage, and this service provides transport for cancer patients to and from their hospital chemotherapy treatments. MSD is committed to sponsoring the facilitation of this important initiative, which involves more than 1,000 drivers around Ireland dedicated to easing the strain of travel on cancer patients. STEM Skills for Success Another initiative at MSD is the highly successful STEM Skills for Success. This programme, on which we’ve partnered with Junior Achievement Ireland (JAI), aims to equip the next generation with digital skills and get them excited about a potential career in STEM. Since 2012, 34 primary and secondary schools across Ireland have participated in this joint initiative, which is delivered by MSD volunteers from our sites and uses teaching materials developed by JAI. The great thing about this programme is that students are able to acquire practical information, advice and hands-on experience, which provide them with the know-how to fulfil their potential and succeed in a STEM-focused workplace. MSD for Mothers Global programme MSD for Mothers is an exciting initiative that focuses on improving maternal health. With more than 50 projects taking place in more than 30 countries, and a budget commitment from MSD of $500m, this 10-year programme focuses on improving the health and wellbeing of mothers during pregnancy and childbirth. This hugely ambitious programme is all about helping to end preventable maternal mortality and expand women’s access to affordable, quality care. What it all means MSD has been consistently ranked as one of the top five CSR contributors in Ireland, according to Business in the Community Ireland. It’s all about thinking beyond the business. Not only do CSR initiatives motivate our staff – who volunteer across a number of different activities – but our activities impact positively on the wellbeing of the wider community. By Ger Brennan Ger Brennan is managing director of human health at MSD Ireland, and associate vice-president of global marketing. Brennan joined MSD in 2010. Interested in paying it forward? For just €5000, your company can sponsor a group of young people or a disadvantaged group to attend Inspirefest 2017, Silicon Republic’s international sci-tech event. Find out how to sponsor here. Tweet Share Email Share More Share Pin This Reddit In-Depth: Life at MSD Related: employers, MSD, working life Make sure you never miss an opportunity Follow us and stay informed! More from careers MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ MSD on retention: ‘We invest hugely in people and don’t want to lose them’ 5 alternative career goals to make you happy What is it like working on the chatbot platforms of the future? Loading Read More Loading now, one moment please! Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Latest News Dow 20,659 -42.18 -0.20% Nasdaq 5,898 +22.41 +0.38% S&P 500 2,361 +2.56 +0.11% 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 5,074.38 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,381.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.62 2:57 A.M. ET SSE: Lower networks profit to weigh on dividend 2:53 A.M. ET DFS declares special dividend as profit edges up 2:53 A.M. ET William Hill appoints Ruth Prior as finance chief 2:52 A.M. ET Imperial keeps earnings target; to invest £300 mln 2:51 A.M. ET H&M profit drops as sales slow in tough market 2:19 A.M. ET Booker sees 7% rise for full-year same-store sales 2:11 A.M. ET LSE to buy back £200 million of shares 2:10 A.M. ET U.K. airlines face turbulence after Brexit 2:08 A.M. ET Trump administration mulls tariffs on Perrier, Vespas over EU-beef dispute 1:16 A.M. ET Mahindra plans electric cars for U.S., China 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices make steady gains after rallying to a three-week high 1:11 A.M. ET Updated The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban 12:55 A.M. ET Updated Millennials say Instagram is the most narcissistic social network on the planet 3/29 North Carolina lawmakers agree to repeal 'bathroom law' 3/29 Hawaii court extends ruling against Trump's travel ban 3/29 ‘Confused’ Asian markets sag, though energy stocks post gains 3/29 Trump administration may seek only minor adjustments to Nafta Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Top 5 Vendors in the Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market from 2017 to 2021: Technavio By Published: Mar 29, 2017 12:40 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Mar 29, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recentglobal dyslipidemia drugs market 2017-2021report. This market research report also lists 17 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170329005212/en/ Competitive vendor landscape According to the research analysis, the global dyslipidemia drugs market is highly competitive with the presence of numerous small and large vendors. The major vendors in the market are Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca, Merck, Pfizer, and Sanofi. Occasional spurts of competition have been witnessed from local manufacturers present in various countries. New players are also entering the market as they have strong growth opportunities. Companies like Amgen, HanAll BioPharma, Kowa Pharmaceuticals, CJ HealthCare, Catabasis Pharmaceuticals, JW Pharmaceuticals, and Esperion Pharmaceuticals are expected to enter the market during the forecast period. “The global dyslipidemia drugs market will grow at a steady pace due to an increase in the incidence of hypercholesterolemia and chronic diseases. Currently, hypercholesterolemia therapies require lifelong administration and have undesirable side effects. Therefore, there is an increasing demand for improved drugs. The availability of promising drugs, along with changed treatment guidelines, will contribute to drive the growth of the market during the forecast period,” says Sapna Jha, leadcardiovascular and metabolic disordersanalyst from Technavio. Looking for more research on this report? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technaviohealthcare and life sciencesmarket research analysts identify the following key vendors: Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Novelion Therapeutics, develops and markets innovative therapies for individuals with rare debilitating diseases. The company leverages its strong portfolio led by its leading hypercholesterolemia drug, JUXTAPID. The clinical trials in the hypercholesterolemia area will enable the company to develop new products. AstraZeneca AstraZeneca researches, develops, manufactures, and distributes medicines to treat CVDs and metabolic diseases, oncology diseases, respiratory diseases, inflammation, autoimmunity disorders and infections, neurological diseases, and gastrointestinal diseases. The company is focusing on its early-stage pipeline through novel science and technology. Merck Merck researches, develops, manufactures, and markets prescription medicines, biologic therapies, vaccines, and animal health products. The company leverages its portfolio led by hypercholesterolemia drugs such as Zetia and Vytorin. The company focuses on advancing its product pipeline to develop new treatments. Pfizer Pfizer produces, manufactures, and develops pharmaceutical products for arthritis, CVDs, metabolic disorders, infectious diseases, and respiratory diseases. The company has a strong presence in the market through its cholesterol product, Lipitor. The company focuses on implementing inorganic growth strategies to fuel its market presence. Sanofi Sanofi researches, develops, and markets therapeutic solutions and healthcare products. It has an established presence in the hypercholesterolemia market with offerings such as Praluent and Kynamro. The company focuses on collaborating with key players in the healthcare sector. Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like cardiovascular devices , in-vitro diagnostics , and oncology . This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170329005212/en/ SOURCE: Technavio"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Why this financial adviser thinks you should keep piles of cash handy Americans are now utterly intolerant of ever being told they’re wrong about almost anything Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills home goes for landmark vote next month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Regulation How languages are confusing banks' compliance teams View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Top 5 Vendors in the Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market from 2017 to 2021: Technavio Technavio has announced the release of their 'Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market 2017-2021' report. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has announced the release of their 'Global Dyslipidemia Drugs Market 2017-2021' report. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 29, 2017 12:40 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recent global dyslipidemia drugs market 2017-2021 report. This market research report also lists 17 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. Competitive vendor landscape According to the research analysis, the global dyslipidemia drugs market is highly competitive with the presence of numerous small and large vendors. The major vendors in the market are Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, AstraZeneca, Merck, Pfizer, and Sanofi. Occasional spurts of competition have been witnessed from local manufacturers present in various countries. New players are also entering the market as they have strong growth opportunities. Companies like Amgen, HanAll BioPharma, Kowa Pharmaceuticals, CJ HealthCare, Catabasis Pharmaceuticals, JW Pharmaceuticals, and Esperion Pharmaceuticals are expected to enter the market during the forecast period. “The global dyslipidemia drugs market will grow at a steady pace due to an increase in the incidence of hypercholesterolemia and chronic diseases. Currently, hypercholesterolemia therapies require lifelong administration and have undesirable side effects. Therefore, there is an increasing demand for improved drugs. The availability of promising drugs, along with changed treatment guidelines, will contribute to drive the growth of the market during the forecast period,” says Sapna Jha, lead cardiovascular and metabolic disorders analyst from Technavio. Looking for more research on this report? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio healthcare and life sciences market research analysts identify the following key vendors: Aegerion Pharmaceuticals Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Novelion Therapeutics, develops and markets innovative therapies for individuals with rare debilitating diseases. The company leverages its strong portfolio led by its leading hypercholesterolemia drug, JUXTAPID. The clinical trials in the hypercholesterolemia area will enable the company to develop new products. AstraZeneca AstraZeneca researches, develops, manufactures, and distributes medicines to treat CVDs and metabolic diseases, oncology diseases, respiratory diseases, inflammation, autoimmunity disorders and infections, neurological diseases, and gastrointestinal diseases. The company is focusing on its early-stage pipeline through novel science and technology. Merck Merck researches, develops, manufactures, and markets prescription medicines, biologic therapies, vaccines, and animal health products. The company leverages its portfolio led by hypercholesterolemia drugs such as Zetia and Vytorin. The company focuses on advancing its product pipeline to develop new treatments. Pfizer Pfizer produces, manufactures, and develops pharmaceutical products for arthritis, CVDs, metabolic disorders, infectious diseases, and respiratory diseases. The company has a strong presence in the market through its cholesterol product, Lipitor. The company focuses on implementing inorganic growth strategies to fuel its market presence. Sanofi Sanofi researches, develops, and markets therapeutic solutions and healthcare products. It has an established presence in the hypercholesterolemia market with offerings such as Praluent and Kynamro. The company focuses on collaborating with key players in the healthcare sector. Browse Related Reports: Global Muscle Relaxant Drugs Market 2017-2021 Global Lifestyle Drugs Market 2017-2021 Global Epilepsy Drugs Market 2016-2020 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like cardiovascular devices, in-vitro diagnostics, and oncology. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com #Hashtags #Research #Healthcare #Medical #Technavio Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, March 30, 2017 3:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Life New injectable, sperm-zapping male contraceptive faces hurdle with drugmakers Thursday March 30, 2017 01:24 PM GMT+8 ICYMI One year on, what do Myanmar’s people think of Suu Kyi? The Edit: Odyssey on the Brahmaputra River The Edit: ‘An Inconvenient Sequel’ delivers sobering message Curry scores 29, leads Warriors fightback in Spurs defeat Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. — AFP Relaxnews picMUMBAI, March 30 — Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a Big Pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university startup in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use — but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the US$10 billion (RM 44.1 billion) market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the US$3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc and Merck & Co, according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as US$10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organisation says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet, so far only a US non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, the 76-year-old biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to now find a company who wants to sell it — even though male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling — that they would never do it — plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 per cent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 per cent effective at preventing pregnancy — about the same as condoms if they are used every time — and has no major side effects, according to R. S. Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than 6 per cent. Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 per cent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 per cent relied on their male partner using a condom. A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill. Bayer, which bought Schering in 2006, stopped all research and development activities around male fertility control about a decade ago, said Astrid Kranz, a company spokeswoman. Although an earlier clinical trial involving the administration of hormones via injection and an implant was “efficient, with a tolerable side effect profile,” Kranz said, the Leverkusen, Germany-based drugmaker wasn’t convinced this “inconvenient” regimen would find sufficient market acceptance. Male contraception isn’t an area of active research for Pfizer and Merck either, representatives said. Both companies sell products for female fertility control. Side effects aside, it would take about US$100 million and 10 years to bring a hormone-based male birth control pill to market — a low-priority undertaking for pharmaceutical executives, Coelingh Bennink said. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” That’s now the dilemma Indian inventor Guha faces. “In doing anything abroad, quite substantial money is required, and that can only come from the pharmaceutical industry,” Guha said, surrounded by dusty stacks of paper, books and prototype inventions that bury every surface in his office at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, about 130 kilometres (80 miles) west of Kolkata. In the face of disinterest from the pharmaceutical industry, Guha licensed the technology to the Parsemus Foundation, a US-based non-profit, to help establish a market for it outside India, he said. Parsemus is working on its own version, called Vasalgel, that it plans to manufacture and distribute at near cost — or potentially US$10 to US$20 per person in low — and middle-income countries — and US$400 to US$600 per person in wealthier markets, Elaine Lissner, the foundation’s founder, said in an email. The foundation, based in Berkeley, California, is seeking donations to fund costly human trials starting next year after a study in 16 rhesus monkeys published last month showed Vasalgel was successful in preventing conception while the primates fraternised with females for 5 to 24 months. Guha meantime has registered a startup in India called IcubedG Ideas Pvt. Ltd through which he is pushing ahead with introducing the technology in his home country. He leased space in a New Delhi industrial zone in January after developing a method of mass production using a government grant. Three couples who participated in the clinical trials gathered in his Kharagpur office in February to attest to the need. Kinkar Ari, a 39-year-old day labourer from a nearby village, said that when he and his wife Aloka decided they didn’t want more children they had a choice between tubal ligation for her or vasectomy for him, but neither could afford the time off to recuperate from the surgery. When a public health worker told the couple about Guha’s promising alternative, Ari decided to enroll in the study. The injection took 15 minutes with some local anesthesia, and after half an hour of observation at the clinic, he said he was able to walk the 2.5 kilometres home. Two days later, he was back at work. Ari was so enthused by the procedure, he convinced two other couples to have it done, he said. Stories like that encourage Guha to persist with the project, he said, even though patents on his invention have long since expired and he won’t see any personal financial gain even if it takes off worldwide. “Why should the burden be borne by the female only?” he said in his office after the three couples had left. “There has to be an equal partnership.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Could marathon running be damaging your kidneys? It's now Ronaldo airport in Madeira, not everyone happy with his bust (VIDEO) Mysterious ‘Gollum-like’ being caught on tape in Aceh forest (VIDEO) Russian man rescues pregnant dog buried alive for two days (VIDEO) Stylish dogs rule the catwalks of Shanghai’s streets The jihadi who turned to Jesus Shop, sup, and style up at Merchant & Sisters, KL’s first modern general store Russian man rescues pregnant dog buried alive for two days (VIDEO) How two teens in leggings became a PR mess for United Airlines Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ‘moving in together’ Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Condom brand Durex turns to jeans for countering India sex taboo Male contraceptive vasalgel passes animal tests Study finds gel alternative to vasectomy works in monkeys For Nigerian mothers, escape from Boko Haram shakes up childbirth customs Seeking halal contraception in Kenya’s Muslim northeast Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Insomnia Market Research Report : Current & Upcoming Trends Analysis with forecast upto 2026 Global Insomnia Market: Geographical Study For the most part of the share in world insomnia market, the Americas including North America are foretold to showcase extensive dominance while offering some groundbreaking opportunities for global players. In the U.S., the OTC treatment market is anticipated to register a higher CAGR to address its growth in the insomnia pharmacological treatment sector. The OTC sleep aids market can be classified into valerian roots, melatonin, and antihistamines. An increasing number of patients are convinced to adopt OTC sleep aids because of the infamous side effects caused by prescription drugs and low prices and easy availability of OTC treatments. The U.S. insomnia market is predicted to gain support from the rising consumption of valerian roots and melatonin, owing to their crucial advantages such as decreased stress levels and less side effects. The Americas could be followed by Europe, the Middle East, and Africa on account of the augmenting interest in spreading health awareness through various programs and inflating geriatric population. The insomnia market in Asia Pacific is also looked upon as a decent opportunity for vendors to capitalize on with the elevating disposable income and upsurge in the occurrence of chronic diseases. Global Insomnia Market: Brief Account The world insomnia market is envisaged to recoup promisingly from its drowsy growth in the past with a number of worthwhile and well-timed opportunities to take advantage of. Insomnia drugs could find an application in the treatment of Parkinson and Alzheimer’s disease as sedatives. The younger population can increase the global demand as intensively as the geriatric group with rising stress levels and persisting diseases such as cancer at the forefront. The launch of new products such as E-2006 by Eisai Co. Ltd. and Belsomra by Merck & Co. Inc. is forecasted to stimulate the market growth handsomely. The global insomnia market could be segmented according to over-the-counter (OTC) treatment, non-pharmacological treatments, and pharmacological treatments, where each category is evaluated to contribute their part toward the global growth. The researchers who have authored this report prioritize painstaking primary and secondary research to compile statistical data and other analytics of the global insomnia market. Players in the market can gain a decisive insight into the guidelines required to extend their portfolio in the right direction and achieve a tangible success in the market. Browse full report on Insomnia Market – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/insomnia-market.html Global Insomnia Market: Key Trends With the two premier categorizations of the worldwide insomnia market into play, viz. non-pharmacological treatments and pharmacological treatments, manufacturers can expect lucrative prospects from both the segments. The cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (CBTI) listed under non-pharmacological treatments extends the ability of physicians to heal patients or understand their health issues in a comprehensive manner. Such treatments including hypnotherapy can be employed by doctors to take multiple approaches during the treatment of their patients. There are other treatments such as aroma music, bright light, biofeedback, acupuncture, and yoga therapies which could contribute to the growth of the non-pharmacological treatments market. Likewise, pharmacological treatments are prognosticated to lay a strong platform for the global insomnia market to find more growth prospects on the back of key segments such as OTC sleep aids and prescription sleep aids. The international insomnia market could go through a downtime period due to inferior diagnosis rate, below par patient compliance, patent erosion, and ascendancy of generic products. Howbeit, the surging incidences of insomnia and unfulfilled medical needs, for instance, the inefficiency of central nervous system (CNS) drugs, are foreseen to compensate for the probable decline in growth. Global Insomnia Market: Top Companies Some of the prominent companies functioning in the international insomnia market are Purdue Pharma L.P., Pernix Therapeutics, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd., Sanofi, Pfizer, Inc., Meda Consumer Healthcare Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., and Eisai, Co. Ltd. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa) Request for brochure of this report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Health, Health & Medicine, intelligence, Markets, Music, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Reverse Shoulder Anthroplasty Market : Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts 2024 Next PostNext Immunoassay Market : Advanced technologies & growth opportunities in global Industry by 2026 Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Insomnia Market Research Report : Current & Upcoming Trends Analysis with forecast upto 2026 Global Insomnia Market: Geographical Study For the most part of the share in world insomnia market, the Americas including North America are foretold to showcase extensive dominance while offering some groundbreaking opportunities for global players. In the U.S., the OTC treatment market is anticipated to register a higher CAGR to address its growth in the insomnia pharmacological treatment sector. The OTC sleep aids market can be classified into valerian roots, melatonin, and antihistamines. An increasing number of patients are convinced to adopt OTC sleep aids because of the infamous side effects caused by prescription drugs and low prices and easy availability of OTC treatments. The U.S. insomnia market is predicted to gain support from the rising consumption of valerian roots and melatonin, owing to their crucial advantages such as decreased stress levels and less side effects. The Americas could be followed by Europe, the Middle East, and Africa on account of the augmenting interest in spreading health awareness through various programs and inflating geriatric population. The insomnia market in Asia Pacific is also looked upon as a decent opportunity for vendors to capitalize on with the elevating disposable income and upsurge in the occurrence of chronic diseases. Global Insomnia Market: Brief Account The world insomnia market is envisaged to recoup promisingly from its drowsy growth in the past with a number of worthwhile and well-timed opportunities to take advantage of. Insomnia drugs could find an application in the treatment of Parkinson and Alzheimer’s disease as sedatives. The younger population can increase the global demand as intensively as the geriatric group with rising stress levels and persisting diseases such as cancer at the forefront. The launch of new products such as E-2006 by Eisai Co. Ltd. and Belsomra by Merck & Co. Inc. is forecasted to stimulate the market growth handsomely. The global insomnia market could be segmented according to over-the-counter (OTC) treatment, non-pharmacological treatments, and pharmacological treatments, where each category is evaluated to contribute their part toward the global growth. The researchers who have authored this report prioritize painstaking primary and secondary research to compile statistical data and other analytics of the global insomnia market. Players in the market can gain a decisive insight into the guidelines required to extend their portfolio in the right direction and achieve a tangible success in the market. Browse full report on Insomnia Market – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/insomnia-market.html Global Insomnia Market: Key Trends With the two premier categorizations of the worldwide insomnia market into play, viz. non-pharmacological treatments and pharmacological treatments, manufacturers can expect lucrative prospects from both the segments. The cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (CBTI) listed under non-pharmacological treatments extends the ability of physicians to heal patients or understand their health issues in a comprehensive manner. Such treatments including hypnotherapy can be employed by doctors to take multiple approaches during the treatment of their patients. There are other treatments such as aroma music, bright light, biofeedback, acupuncture, and yoga therapies which could contribute to the growth of the non-pharmacological treatments market. Likewise, pharmacological treatments are prognosticated to lay a strong platform for the global insomnia market to find more growth prospects on the back of key segments such as OTC sleep aids and prescription sleep aids. The international insomnia market could go through a downtime period due to inferior diagnosis rate, below par patient compliance, patent erosion, and ascendancy of generic products. Howbeit, the surging incidences of insomnia and unfulfilled medical needs, for instance, the inefficiency of central nervous system (CNS) drugs, are foreseen to compensate for the probable decline in growth. Global Insomnia Market: Top Companies Some of the prominent companies functioning in the international insomnia market are Purdue Pharma L.P., Pernix Therapeutics, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd., Sanofi, Pfizer, Inc., Meda Consumer Healthcare Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., and Eisai, Co. Ltd. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa) Request for brochure of this report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Health, Health & Medicine, intelligence, Markets, Music, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Reverse Shoulder Anthroplasty Market : Trends, Opportunities and Forecasts 2024 Next PostNext Immunoassay Market : Advanced technologies & growth opportunities in global Industry by 2026 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Global Orally Disintegrating Tablet Market 2017- Pfizer Inc, Eli Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc, AstraZeneca Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 03/29/2017 — The Orally Disintegrating Tablet Market 2017 Research Report investigates a thorough and complete study on Orally Disintegrating Tablet industry volume, market Share, market Trends, Orally Disintegrating Tablet Growth aspects, wide range of applications, Utilization ratio, Supply and demand analysis, manufacturing capacity, Price durinf Forecast period from 2017 to 2022 The research report labeled Global Orally Disintegrating Tablet Market 2017 presents the penetrating study of Orally Disintegrating Tablet market globally, concentrating on complete analysis of the present and past historical details of Orally Disintegrating Tablet market. The competitive landscape view of the Orally Disintegrating Tablet industry is also covered in this research document. Request Report Sample Here: https://market.biz/report/global-orally-disintegrating-tablet-market-2017/68942/#inquiry Competitive Study of Global Orally Disintegrating Tablet Market 2017 Based on Key Vendors: Pfizer Inc Eli Lilly and Company Merck & Co., Inc AstraZeneca Bristol-Myers Squibb Company GlaxoSmithKline plc Johnson and Johnson Mission Pharmacal Company Sciele Pharma The report organizes the Orally Disintegrating Tablet market across the globe into distinct portion based on industry standards. It also distinguishes the market based on geographical regions. The report mainly throws light on dominant players in the regions of (United States, EU, China, and Japan). Other regions can be added accordingly. Discrete aspects of the Orally Disintegrating Tablet industry like value chain analysis, Orally Disintegrating Tablet industry rules and policies, the factors driving the growth of the market and the constraints hampering the growth are explained. In next section, the Orally Disintegrating Tablet report mentions the products that are currently available in the market along with their cost structures, manufacturing volume, requirement and supply analysis, import/export scenario and their overall contribution to the Orally Disintegrating Tablet market revenue globally. Buy Complete Report Here (To Get Instant access): https://market.biz/report/global-orally-disintegrating-tablet-market-2017/68942/ Further, the report analyzes the feasibility of investment, investment return analysis and shows a complete picture of market development scope and business strategies followed by leading Orally Disintegrating Tablet industry players along with their company profile, market share and contact information. Lastly, the report enlists the vital conclusions that will assist all individuals who have a keen interest in Orally Disintegrating Tablet Market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Computing, Industry, Markets, section, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mega Data Centers Market Significant Growth with the Internet of Things (IoT), the Wireless Data Explosion, 2017 to 2023 Next PostNext Tocopherols Mixed Market Is Expected to Grow Fast by 2017-2025 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Thu, Mar 30 2017. 01 25 AM IST Hilleman Labs inks MoU with ICMR to develop new vaccine for diarrhea Hilleman Labs will take the lead in further development of the vaccine candidate for which National Institute of Cholera and Enteric Diseases has already conducted initial research Subscribe to our newsletter. Isha Trivedi Hilleman Labs is also developing four other vaccines for diarrhoeal diseases. Mumbai: Hilleman Laboratories, a non-profit joint venture of pharmaceutical major Merck, Sharp & Dohme and UK-based Wellcome Trust, on Wednesday signed a memorandum of understanding with National Institute of Cholera and Enteric Diseases (NICED), a part of Indian Council of Medical Research’s (ICMR), to develop a new vaccine for diarrhoea caused by Shigella bacteria. Hilleman Labs will take the lead in further development of the vaccine candidate for which NICED has already conducted initial research and also be responsible for its regulatory filings and commercialization, said Davinder Gill, chief executive officer of the company. NICED will provide support in the research studies. Shigellosis is one of the leading causes of death among children under five years of age, especially in low-income developing countries of Africa and South Asia. “Candidate vaccine against the infection have been developed and tested at NICED by using the in-vitro animal models, which showed significant immune response and protection against the infection,” Shanta Dutta, director of NICED, said. Hilleman Labs is also developing four other vaccines for diarrhoeal diseases. Its rotavirus vaccine is in phase-II clinical trials and the company is in discussions with various companies for potential out-licensing or partnerships. Isha Trivedi Topics: Hilleman Labs diarrhoea vaccine Shigella bacteria ICMR NICED More From Livemint READ MORE Samsung Galaxy S8: Any more wow factor than Google Pixel XL? People’s Bank of China raises money rates twice this year Theresa May’s opening Brexit bid to tie security to trade hits wall First Published: Thu, Mar 30 2017. 01 25 AM IST Editor's Picks GST: The final countdown begins All GST bills passed in Lok Sabha for uniform taxation across India Why Sebi’s silence in the NSE case is dangerous Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8: Any more wow factor than Google Pixel XL? People’s Bank of China raises money rates twice this year Theresa May’s opening Brexit bid to tie security to trade hits wall Proportion of women directors up 180%, but gender diversity lags in India: Survey Global gold prices fall on stronger dollar Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . While you were sleeping: UPDATED Brexit under way, Wall Street mixed Margreet Dietz Thursday March 30, 2017 Share Theresa May Play NBR radio on Wall Street was mixed, following Tuesday's rally, while the British pound weakened as the UK formally began its exit from the European Union. Meanwhile, US Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said the "base-case" is for four interest rate increases this year. The central bank hiked its target rate by a quarter percentage point at its most recent meeting earlier this month and flagged a total of three increases in 2017. "My own view is that an increase at every other [Federal Open Market Committee] meeting over the course of this year could and should be the committee's default, unless economic data come in inconsistent with forecasts," Mr Rosengren said in prepared remarks for a speech in Boston. "The base case would be four tightenings, reflecting the strength of the economy that I believe justifies more regular normalisation of interest rates." Dow drops, S&P rises Wall Street was mixed. At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 42.18 points, or 0.2%, to 20,659.32. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index rose for the fourth consecutive session, adding 0.4% to 5897.55 while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 0.1% to 2361.13. "We're going to be fairly range-bound as we get to the earnings season or until there is some significant development on tax reforms," Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston, told Reuters. The Dow moved lower as slides in shares of UnitedHealth Group and those of Travelers, down 1.2% and 0.8% respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Merck and those of Pfizer, up 1.0% and 0.7% respectively. The latest US housing data offered further signs of strength. A National Association of Realtors report showed its pending home sales index climbed 5.5% to 112.3 in February, the highest in 10 months and up from 106.4 in January. "Buyers came back in force last month as a modest, seasonal uptick in listings were enough to fuel an increase in contract signings throughout the country," Lawrence Yun, NAR chief economist, said in the report. "The stock market's continued rise and steady hiring in most markets is spurring significant interest in buying, as well as the expectation from some households that delaying their home search may mean paying higher interest rates later this year." Drug companies advance Vertex Pharmaceuticals shares soared 20% after the company said its cystic fibrosis treatment succeeded in a clinical trial. "The tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination treatment demonstrated clinically meaningful benefits, with a favourable safety profile, across multiple patient groups," Vertex executive vice president Jeffrey Chodakewitz said in a statement. "This combination treatment may provide a promising new option for treating the underlying cause of CF in the future and brings us increasingly closer to our goal of developing new medicines for all people with the disease." Regeneron Pharmaceuticals rose 3.0% and Sanofi gained 0.7% in Paris after the US Food and Drug Administration announced approval for their new dermatitis drug. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.3% increase from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index advanced 0.4%, as did Germany's DAX Index, while France's CAC40 Index gained 0.5%. The UK pound weakened 0.4% against the US dollar, while the euro slid 0.6%, as UK Prime Minister Theresa May triggered Article 50, formally beginning the country's exit from the European Union. "We're in for a long period of volatility for the pound and UK assets," Neil Wilson, a market analyst at ETX Capital, wrote in a note, Bloomberg reported. "Details are everything now." (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Eric Rosengren brexit Wall St Dow Jones Related Articles:  While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow's bounce ends eight-day losing streak Wed 29 Mar 17 While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow extends longest slide since 2011 Tue 28 Mar 17 1 World week ahead: Optimism turns to tax cuts Mon 27 Mar 17 While you were sleeping: UPDATED US healthcare stocks fall as vote is delayed Fri 24 Mar 17 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7026 -0.0006 -0.09% AUD 0.9166 0.0001 0.01% EUR 0.6535 0.0000 0.00% GBP 0.5647 -0.0005 -0.09% HKD 5.4597 -0.0034 -0.06% JPY 78.1870 0.0710 0.09% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1252.9 2.430 2017-03-29T00: Oil Brent 52.4 1.060 2017-03-29T00: Oil Nymex 49.5 1.100 2017-03-29T00: Silver Index 18.2 0.000 2017-03-29T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7139.4 7177.7 7133.6 0.50% NASDAQ 5875.4 5900.9 5875.1 0.38% DAX 12195.9 12233.8 12149.4 0.44% DJI 20675.8 20684.7 20701.5 -0.20% FTSE 7343.4 7373.7 7343.4 0.41% HKSE 24429.1 24431.1 24392.0 -0.35% NI225 19150.8 19218.1 19217.5 -0.80% ASX 5873.5 5899.2 5873.5 0.39% Most Popular Read Hard-fought gains in govt better than nothing in opposition, Maori Party's Flavell says MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Xero, Infratil while NPT falls Samsung’s redemption phone has a nifty trick for business users Xero passes a million subscribers ERA rejects Crimson Consulting's bid to suppress employment dispute Commented Stakes are too high not to have an inquiry on Hager book allegations US Congress votes to put people's web browser histories up for sale Momentum grows to replace the RMA NZ companies lift spending on R&D but still lag behind OECD average Samsung’s redemption phone has a nifty trick for business users Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Michael Stiassny talks of “personal abhorrence” at bid behaviour Xero's Rod Drury on reaching a million subscribers Tech commentator Paul Spain gives his verdict on Samsung's Galaxy S8 ‘I promise you, they will pay the penalty,’ says ‘godfather of advertising effectiveness’ Peter Field Hobson Wealth’s James Grigor weighs in on Hallenstein Glasson results NZUS Council director analyses Trump’s trade strategy and controversial tax proposal, on Trump’s Beltway Only available on Previous article Dollar touches week-high vs British pound, euro as Brexit formally triggered One law for all urban planning backed by NBR poll Next article Editor’s Insight: Five ways to lift the country’s tax burden US Congress votes to put people's web browser histories up for sale Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED Brexit under way, Wall Street mixed
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Modern Medicine Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine Could flashing light treat Alzheimer’s? Fresh approaches to treating the disease Meg Tirrell | @megtirrell 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Drug industry looks for new ways to solve the Alzheimer's condundrum    20 Hours Ago | 04:24 Alzheimer's disease is one of the biggest unanswered questions in medicine. Five million Americans are currently estimated to have the mind-ravaging disease, a number expected to triple by 2050 without effective interventions. But the track record in drug development has been terrible: a success rate of less than 1 percent. "Already 1 of $5 of Medicare and Medicaid goes to Alzheimer's," said Rudy Tanzi, director of the genetics and aging research unit at Massachusetts General Hospital and a professor of neurology at Harvard Medical School. "As 71 million Baby Boomers like I head toward risk age, it will go into 1 of $3 or 1 of $2, and Alzheimer's will single-handedly collapse our health-care system. It will single-handedly collapse Medicare and Medicaid in this country." The need for treatments stands in stark contrast to science's understanding of the disease. With each major clinical trial failure — there have been at least eight in the last decade, most recently Eli Lilly's, in November, and Merck's, in February — the field questions whether researchers are even focusing on the right thing. Specifically: the amyloid plaques clogging the brain that are hallmarks of Alzheimer's. "The idea has been tested and shown to be incorrect," said George Perry, professor and dean of the College of Sciences at the University of Texas at San Antonio. "On a rational basis there's no reason to continue with this hypothesis." Perry is in the minority. Researchers like Harvard's Tanzi are convinced by genetic data that amyloid is the right target, saying patients just need to be treated earlier in the disease, before it's started robbing them of memory and cognition. "Any scientist who's been reading the literature carefully and paying attention to all the details for the last 30 years of the journey of the amyloid hypothesis would have to come to only one conclusion, and that is that the trials have failed the hypothesis," Tanzi said in an interview in his office in Boston. And despite the failure rate, the leading trials in Alzheimer's disease are still targeting amyloid — but earlier in the disease's course. Biogen is spending more than $2 billion to answer this question in late-stage clinical studies. But because of the controversy, it's refreshing to see alternative ideas, however early in development. There's the approach of young biotech Voyager Therapeutics, using the viral delivery systems of gene therapy to penetrate the blood-brain barrier, what some have described as a sort of screen door between the body and the brain, to create proteins in brain cells to affect the disease. "The cool thing about this approach is that because the vector gets into brain cells, neurons or glia, it sets up shop and with a single injection we can produce antibody for many, many years," said Voyager CEO Dr. Steve Paul. Paul spent years at Lilly and subscribes to the amyloid hypothesis, though a main focus of Voyager's Alzheimer's program is another important protein, tau. It's still a few years from testing in humans. Another early approach is even more radical: the idea that we could treat Alzheimer's with light. In a paper published in the journal Nature in December, researchers at MIT led by Dr. Li-Huei Tsai found that light entrainment cleared plaques from the brains of mice. The idea focuses on a brainwave frequency known as gamma. "Gamma rhythms are known to be involved in higher-order brain functions, like perception, attention, and the formation of working memory," Tsai said from her lab at MIT's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Those rhythms — neurons firing synchronously in the brain — have been found to be impaired in people with Alzheimer's, Tsai explained. So she set out to see what would happen if they could be restored. She decided to use a flashing light to aim to restore the rhythms — an idea she says she got after seeing research from the late 1980s in cats. And sure enough, by rigging LED lights to flash at the gamma frequency — 40 times per second — her team found gamma rhythms were restored in the brains of mice. "We were delighted," Tsai said. So then the question of what happens when those rhythms come back in an Alzheimer's disease brain. "It was unbelievable," Tsai recalled. "At first we were very surprised to see that after we induced gamma rhythms in the Alzheimer's model, the amyloid is greatly reduced. Within just one hour, we saw the amyloid level was cut almost by half." There were other signs of good news in the brain, too: an effect on tau and inflammation, also implicated in Alzheimer's, plus a restoring of the function of microglia — what Tsai described as the brain's janitors — against amyloid. Source: M.I.T. Scans show normal gamma rhythm versus that in a brain affected by Alzheimer's. So does this mean all it takes to treat Alzheimer's is for people to sit in a room for an hour a day with LED lights flashing at 40 times per second? Not so fast, Tsai said. Though she said there has been a lot of excitement around the work. "Since the paper was published in December last year I literally have been bombarded by emails and phone calls," Tsai said. "Because the approach is so easy and non-invasive, many people want to know how to apply it to human subjects. I think we still really need to know whether there is any adverse effect after long-term treatment." A startup company, Cognito Therapeutics, has licensed the technology from MIT to advance potential treatments into human testing. Tsai cautioned there is still a ways to go. "Of course we know there are hundreds of drugs that seem to work perfectly on mouse models, only to all fail in human trials," Tsai said. "Even though we are just super excited about our results so far, I just want to emphasize that." Meg TirrellReporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MRK --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 10 05 PM IST New type male contraceptive developed in India faces biggest hurdle: Drugmakers Sujoy Guha’s RIHUG method is a reversible procedure that could cost as little as $10, overcoming compliance problems with condoms and female birth-control pills Subscribe to our newsletter. Ari Altstedter IIT Kharagpur grad Sujoy Guha’s RIHUG birth control method has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales. Photo: HT Mumbai: Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a Big Pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university start-up in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use—but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with years-long fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet, so far only a US non-profit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, the 76-year-old biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to now find a company who wants to sell it—even though male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling—that they would never do it—plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynaecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The procedure is 98% effective at preventing pregnancy—about the same as condoms if they are used every time—and has no major side effects, according to R. S. Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than 6%. Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60% of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8% relied on their male partner using a condom. A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill. Bayer, which bought Schering in 2006, stopped all research and development activities around male fertility control about a decade ago, said Astrid Kranz, a company spokeswoman. Although an earlier clinical trial involving the administration of hormones via injection and an implant was “efficient, with a tolerable side effect profile,” Kranz said, the Leverkusen, Germany-based drugmaker wasn’t convinced this “inconvenient” regimen would find sufficient market acceptance. Male contraception isn’t an area of active research for Pfizer and Merck either, representatives said. Both companies sell products for female fertility control. Side effects aside, it would take about $100 million and 10 years to bring a hormone-based male birth control pill to market—a low-priority undertaking for pharmaceutical executives, Coelingh Bennink said. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” That’s now the dilemma Indian inventor Guha faces. “In doing anything abroad, quite substantial money is required, and that can only come from the pharmaceutical industry,” Guha said, surrounded by dusty stacks of paper, books and prototype inventions that bury every surface in his office at the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, about 130 kilometers (80 miles) west of Kolkata. In the face of disinterest from the pharmaceutical industry, Guha licensed the technology to the Parsemus Foundation, a U.S.-based non-profit, to help establish a market for it outside India, he said. Parsemus is working on its own version, called Vasalgel, that it plans to manufacture and distribute at near cost—or $10 to $12 per person in low- and middle-income countries—and $400 to $600 per person in wealthier markets, Elaine Lissner, the foundation’s founder, said in an email. The foundation, based in Berkeley, California, is seeking donations to fund costly human trials starting next year after a study in 16 rhesus monkeys published last month showed Vasalgel was successful in preventing conception while the primates fraternized with females for 5 to 24 months. Guha meantime has registered a start-up in India called IcubedG Ideas Pvt. Ltd. through which he is pushing ahead with introducing the technology in his home country. He leased space in a New Delhi industrial zone in January after developing a method of mass production using a government grant. Three couples who participated in the clinical trials gathered in his Kharagpur office in February to attest to the need. Kinkar Ari, a 39-year-old day labourer from a nearby village, said that when he and his wife Aloka decided they didn’t want more children they had a choice between tubal ligation for her or vasectomy for him, but neither could afford the time off to recuperate from the surgery. When a public health worker told the couple about Guha’s promising alternative, Ari decided to enrol in the study. The injection took 15 minutes with some local anesthesia, and after half an hour of observation at the clinic, he said he was able to walk the 2.5 kilometers home. Two days later, he was back at work. Ari was so enthused by the procedure, he convinced two other couples to have it done, he said. Stories like that encourage Guha to persist with the project, he said, even though patents on his invention have long since expired and he won’t see any personal financial gain even if it takes off worldwide. “Why should the burden be borne by the female only?” he said in his office after the three couples had left. “There has to be an equal partnership.” Bloomberg Jared S Hopkins and Johannes Koch contributed to this story. Ari Altstedter Topics: male contraceptives condoms birth control pills Sujoy Guha IIT Kharagpur More From Livemint READ MORE Raimund Genes, Trend Micro CTO and EmTech India keynote speaker, dies at 54 Samsung Galaxy S8: Any more wow factor than Google Pixel XL? People’s Bank of China raises money rates twice this year First Published: Wed, Mar 29 2017. 10 05 PM IST Editor's Picks GST: The final countdown begins All GST bills passed in Lok Sabha for uniform taxation across India Why Sebi’s silence in the NSE case is dangerous Latest News Raimund Genes, Trend Micro CTO and EmTech India keynote speaker, dies at 54 Samsung Galaxy S8: Any more wow factor than Google Pixel XL? People’s Bank of China raises money rates twice this year Theresa May’s opening Brexit bid to tie security to trade hits wall Proportion of women directors up 180%, but gender diversity lags in India: Survey Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Tyme Technologies Announces Two New Board of Director Appointments -- David Carberry and James Biehl Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 29, 2017 9:33am   Comments Share: NEW YORK, March 29, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Tyme Technologies, Inc. (OTCQB:TYMI), a specialty biotechnology company developing cancer therapeutics targeted at multiple tumor types, today announced the addition of two new members to its Board of Directors, David Carberry and James Biehl.  "These additions significantly expand Tyme's Board expertise in the life sciences, healthcare, financial, accounting and legal sectors. We are delighted to add Dave and Jim to the Tyme team," said CEO Steve Hoffman. David Carberry, 64, is a retired healthcare financial executive with over 40 years of experience in the industry. Most recently, from April 2012 to June 2016 Mr. Carberry was the Chief Financial Officer of Excellis Health Solutions, LLC, a consulting and software solutions company focused on the healthcare industry. Prior to that, Mr. Carberry was Chief Financial Officer of Aldagen, a biopharmaceutical company, for three years. Mr. Carberry also served in a number of financial oversight roles within Johnson & Johnson and related divisions between 1981 and 2008, including Vice President, Finance of Independence Technology L.L.C., Johnson & Johnson/Merck Consumer Pharmaceuticals, a joint venture, and Vice President, Finance of Johnson Health Care Systems, Inc., a healthcare account management and business services provider. Jim Biehl, 53, has been a partner at the law firm of Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP in Princeton, NJ since 1989 in the Corporate and Securities group. As a corporate lawyer with over 25 years of experience representing public and private companies with structuring, negotiating and managing sophisticated securities and corporate transactional matters, he has extensive experience with federal and state securities laws, public debt and equity financings, mergers and acquisitions, corporate venture transactions, joint ventures and strategic alliances, emerging company formation and management, and corporate governance matters. Jim's industry experience includes representing big pharma, healthcare systems, healthcare consulting firms, consumer products, and medical device companies. About Tyme Tyme Technologies is developing a novel first-in-class therapy, SM-88, that is designed to use cancer's unusual metabolism to selectively break down the cellular defenses of tumors, leading to tumor cell death. Through clinical trials and expanded access programs, SM-88 has been used in over 84 individuals and shown a clinical response in thirteen cancer types. In its initial Phase I trial for end-stage, metastatic cancer patients, SM-88 treatment resulted in a median overall survival of 26 months, with 32% of patients alive at the end of the three year evaluation period without any drug-related serious adverse events. The Company is currently conducting a Phase II trial in prostate cancer in addition to ongoing collaborations with the Mayo Clinic, Mount Sinai, the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and other institutions. For more information, visit our website: www.tymeinc.com. Forward-Looking Statements/Disclosure Notice In addition to historical information, this press release contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements within this press release include, without limitation, statements regarding our drug candidates (including SM-88), our drug development plans and strategies, our completed and planned clinical trials and the therapeutic design and mechanisms of our drug candidates; and readers can identify forward-looking statements by sentences or passages involving the use of terms such as "anticipates," "believes," "designed," "could," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "plans," "potential," "predicts," "projects," "should," "would" and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on management's current expectations, which are subject to uncertainty, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of Tyme's control. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any historical results and future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to achieve clinical study start and completion dates; the possibility of unfavorable study results, including unfavorable new clinical data and additional analyses of existing data; risks associated with early, initial data, including the risk that the final Phase II data analysis, final results of additional clinical trials, or both, may be different from the preliminary data analysis and may not support further clinical development; whether and when any applications or other submissions for SM-88 may be filed with regulatory authorities; whether and when regulatory authorities may approve any applications or submissions; decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters that could affect commercial availability of SM-88; competitive developments; and the factors described in the section captioned "Risk Factors" of Tyme's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016 (available at www.sec.gov). The information contained in this press release is as of January 31, 2017 and Tyme assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as a result of future events or developments. Contact:

Lisa Wilson
In-Site Communications, Inc.
T: 212.452.2793
E: lwilson@insitecony.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 RHT, PTX: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 WBA, RAD: Baird Updates Its View On Walgreen's With New Rite-Aid Assu... 3 VRNT, FDS: 10 Stocks To Watch For March 28, 2017 4 MDRX, WAGE: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For... 5 IEP: The Who's Who Of Hedge Fund Managers... 6 AAPL: At This Price, Is It Too Late To Buy A... 7 SNAP: Cowen Initiates Snap Inc. At Outperform 1 CMCSA, AMZN: The Stars Of Stock Market Media & Telecom Gather At CinemaCon 2017 2 FB: Why Facebook Is The Best Pure Play In Consumer Internet 3 EGLT, GRPN: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 FXB, GBP: British Pound Remains Stable As The Brexit Proces... 5 AMZN: A Question Of When, Not If: Amazon And The $1... 6 NFLX: Equities.com Talks Tradier Integration, A... 7 HYD, MUB: Who Is Buying Municipal Bonds? View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Global Travel Vaccines Market Health related complications are greater in developing countries and rural areas because of dissimilarities in sanitary conditions, available food and water bases. The immunization Practices Advisory Committee of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) mentions that travelers should be up-to-date on routine immunizations, irrespective of travel plans. The target population for the travel vaccines market include outbound travelers. The travel vaccines for the prevention of hepatitis A, hepatitis B, yellow fever, tetanus, poliomyelitis, meningococcal disease, typhoid fever are manufactured by leading market players namely Sanofi Pasteur, Merck, Novartis and GlaxoSmithKline. Among these aforementioned companies, Sanofi Pasteur and GSK are the notable players in the travel vaccines market that accounts for approximately 85% of total market. Recently in March 2014, Sanofi Pasteur, the vaccines segment of Sanofi announced its long term strategic collaboration with SK Chemicals Company to develop pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV). A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/5753 The driving factors for the growth of this market include increase in awareness about vaccine preventable diseases and rise in global travel traffic. Moreover, innovation of novel vaccine technologies and technological advancements towards molecular genetics is further boosting the growth of market in coming years. However, requirement of expertise for the production of vaccines and unfavorable healthcare funding towards vaccination could pose a challenge for the growth this market. Geographically, North America will be the leading market for global travel vaccines market, followed by Europe and Asia-Pacific. The major contributing factors for North America to lead the market include involvement of large number of companies in the production of vaccines and introduction of superior range of vaccines in the market. However, Asia-Pacific market is forecast to grow at a significant growth rate in coming years. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/5753 The leading players of this market include GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi Pasteur, Merck, Novartis, and Pfizer. Other key participants of this market include ALK – Abelló A/S, Bavarian Nordic A/S, Crucell N.V., CSL Ltd. Medimmune Inc. and Vaxin Inc. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Health, Health & Medicine, intelligence, major, Markets, Technology, Travel Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Laser Cladding Equipment Market to Grow at a CAGR of 8% by 2021 – Slowdown in the Global Oil & Gas Sector Limits Growth – Research and Markets Next PostNext Global Trigeminal Neuralgia (TN) Therapeutics Market Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Syndax Announces Presentations at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 29, 2017 7:00am   Comments Share: WALTHAM, Mass., March 29, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Syndax," the "Company" or "we") (NASDAQ:SNDX), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing entinostat and SNDX-6352 in multiple cancer indications, announces a list of select poster presentations featuring entinostat at the upcoming American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting being held April 1-5, 2017 in Washington, D.C. The abstracts feature new data and insight into how entinostat alters the cancer cell and tumor microenvironment to enhance immunotherapeutic approaches in renal, lung, breast, and pancreatic cancer models. Key Entinostat Posters of Interest: Title: Induced MHCII expression on breast cancer cells broadens the responding T cell repertoire, delays tumor-specific T cell exhaustion, and impairs tumor growth Abstract Number: 643 Location: Section 27 Date and Time: Sunday, April 2 from 1:00-5:00 PM ET Title: Epigenetic modulation of the tumor microenvironment enhances vaccine induced T cell responses in a murine model of pancreatic cancer Abstract Number: 1686 Location: Section 29 Date and Time: Monday, April 3 from 8:00 AM-12:00 PM ET Title: Promotion of immunogenicity using epigenetic modulation and immune checkpoint inhibition in mouse models of breast cancer Abstract Number: 3667 Location: Section 27 Date and Time: Tuesday, April 4 from 8:00 AM-12:00 PM ET Title: Harnessing epigenetic reprogramming by histone deacetylase inhibitor MS275 for pancreatic cancer therapy Abstract Number: 5065 Location: Section 2 Date and Time: Wednesday, April 5 from 8:00 AM-12:00 PM ET Title: HDAC inhibitor Entinostat disrupts function of PMN-MDSC Abstract Number: 5595 Location: Section 24 Date and Time: Wednesday, April 5 from 8:00 AM-12:00 PM ET About Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Syndax is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing an innovative pipeline of combination therapies in multiple cancer indications. Our lead product candidate, entinostat, which was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA following positive results from our Phase 2b clinical trial, ENCORE 301, is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial for advanced hormone receptor positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative breast cancer. Syndax is developing entinostat, which has direct effects on both cancer cells and immune regulatory cells, and SNDX-6352, an anti-CSF-1R monoclonal antibody, to enhance the body's immune response on tumors that have shown sensitivity to immunotherapy. Entinostat is being evaluated as a combination therapeutic in Phase 1b/2 clinical trials with Merck & Co., Inc. for non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma; with Genentech, Inc. for TNBC; and with Pfizer Inc. and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, for ovarian cancer. SNDX-6352 is being evaluated in a single ascending dose Phase 1 clinical trial and is expected to be developed to treat a variety of cancers. For more information on Syndax, please visit www.syndax.com. Syndax's Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "may," "will," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "believe" and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Syndax's expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include, but are not limited to, statements about the progress, timing, clinical development and scope of clinical trials and the reporting of clinical data for Syndax's product candidates, and the potential use of SNDX-6352 to treat various cancer indications. Many factors may cause differences between current expectations and actual results including unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical or clinical studies, clinical trial site activation or enrollment rates that are lower than expected, changes in expected or existing competition, changes in the regulatory environment, failure of Syndax's collaborators to support or advance collaborations or product candidates and unexpected litigation or other disputes. Other factors that may cause Syndax's actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are discussed in Syndax's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors" sections contained therein. Except as required by law, Syndax assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations, even as new information becomes available. Investor Contacts
Heather Savelle
Argot Partners
heather@argotpartners.com
Tel 646.395.3734

Media Contact
Eliza Schleifstein
Argot Partners
eliza@argotpartners.com
Tel 973.361.1546 View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 QUIK, CAMT: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GLMD, GBR: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 WBA, RAD: Baird Updates Its View On Walgreen's With New Ri... 4 DRI, INFO: 10 Stocks To Watch For March 28, 2017 5 BBY, ABCO: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downg... 6 IEP: The Who's Who Of Hedge Fund... 7 JNJ, WMT: Here's Every Major... 1 VRNT, RH: 10 Stocks To Watch For March 28, 2017 2 Economic Data Scheduled For Wednesday 3 OMN, VRML: Earnings Scheduled For March 29, 2017 4 RH, NAVI: Watch These 8 Huge Put Purchases In Wednesday Trade 5 SDRL, SPLS: Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesda... 6 F, TCEHY: Big Day For The Auto Industry: Ford,... 7 KTOS, BMY: Benzinga's Option Alert... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 March 2017 by Military News Global Central Nervous System Agents Market 2017 – Teva, Takeda, Shire Pune, Mahrashtra — (SBWIRE) — 03/29/2017 — The report entitled Global Central Nervous System Agents Market 2017 presents key insights into the global Central Nervous System Agents market along with the latest up-to-date industry details and forthcoming Central Nervous System Agents industry trends, which will assist the readers to focus on product specification and end users driving the overall market revenue and profitability. Report Keynotes: The main motive of the report on „Global Central Nervous System Agents Market 2017” is to study comprehensive details of the market investors, key industry players which will enable them to make vital decisions in regards to Central Nervous System Agents growth opportunities and future investment scope. This report highlights the prominent industry competitors and provides the deep analysis of the major factors influencing the market. The report also covers the forecasts market study related to industry trends, market volume, market share estimates and company profiles of top industry players. Do Inquiry Before Buying Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-central-nervous-system-agents-market-icrw/42267/#inquiry Dominant Central Nervous System Agents market players: 1 Teva 2 Takeda 3 Shire 4 Sanofi 5 Roche 6 Pfizer 7 Novartis 8 Merck 9 Johnson & Johnson 10 GSK 11 Eli Lilly 12 Bristol-Myers Squibb 13 Biogen 14 Bayer 15 AstraZeneca 16 Astellas 17 Actavis 18 AbbVie Get Sample Copy Of Report Here: https://market.biz/report/global-central-nervous-system-agents-market-icrw/42267/#requestforsample This Report examines the global Central Nervous System Agents market concerning product type, application service, client and geography. The global Central Nervous System Agents market covers major continents. Region wise Analysis of Central Nervous System Agents Market: 1 USA 2 Europe 3 Japan 4 China 5 India 6 South East Asia The global Central Nervous System Agents market has been segmentized into two parts product and application. Product Segment Analysis of Central Nervous System Agents Market: 1 Sedative-hypnotics 2 Antiepileptics 3 Antipsychotic Drugs 4 Antidepressants 5 Analgesics 6 Drugs for Neurodegeneration Disease Finally, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Central Nervous System Agents market, offering market size and estimates for the period from 2016 to 2021, keeping in mind the above mentioned factors. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Geography, Industry, major, Markets, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Cobalt-Based Superalloys Market 2017 – VDM Metals, Sandvik Next PostNext Global Cenosphere Market 2017 -Zhenjiang Landai, Zhengzhou Aojie, Yanbian Yunming Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Rosengren sees four hikes 10:19 March 30, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk March 30 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed, following Tuesdays rally, while the British pound weakened as the UK formally began its exit from the European Union.Thursday 30 March 2017 07:17 AM While you were sleeping: Rosengren sees four hikes By Margreet Dietz March 30 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed, following Tuesday’s rally, while the British pound weakened as the UK formally began its exit from the European Union. Meanwhile, US Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said the “base-case” is for four interest rate increases this year. The central bank hiked its target rate by a quarter percentage point at its most recent meeting earlier this month, and flagged a total of three increases in 2017. “My own view is that an increase at every other [Federal Open Market Committee] meeting over the course of this year could and should be the committee’s default, unless economic data come in inconsistent with forecasts,” Rosengren said in prepared remarks for a speech in Boston. “The base case would be four tightenings, reflecting the strength of the economy that I believe justifies more regular normalisation of interest rates,” according to Rosengren. Wall Street was mixed. In 1.26pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 percent. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index added 0.3 percent. In 1.10pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index inched 0.01 percent lower. “We’re going to be fairly range-bound as we get to the earnings season or until there is some significant development on tax reforms,” Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston, told Reuters. The Dow moved lower as slides in shares of UnitedHealth Group and those of Travelers, down 1.2 percent and 0.8 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Merck and those of Pfizer, up 1 percent and 0.7 percent respectively. The latest US housing data offered further signs of strength. A National Association of Realtors report showed its pending home sales index climbed 5.5 percent to 112.3 in February, the highest in 10 months and up from 106.4 in January. “Buyers came back in force last month as a modest, seasonal uptick in listings were enough to fuel an increase in contract signings throughout the country,” Lawrence Yun, NAR chief economist, said in the report. “The stock market’s continued rise and steady hiring in most markets is spurring significant interest in buying, as well as the expectation from some households that delaying their home search may mean paying higher interest rates later this year,” Yun noted. Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals soared, up 22 percent as of 1.32pm trading in New York, after the company said its cystic fibrosis treatment succeeded in a clinical trial. “The tezacaftor/ivacaftor combination treatment demonstrated clinically meaningful benefits, with a favourable safety profile, across multiple patient groups,” Jeffrey Chodakewitz, Vertex Executive Vice President, said in a statement. “This combination treatment may provide a promising new option for treating the underlying cause of CF in the future and brings us increasingly closer to our goal of developing new medicines for all people with the disease.” In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day with a 0.3 percent increase from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index advanced 0.4 percent, as did Germany’s DAX Index, while France’s CAC40 Index gained 0.5 percent. The British pound weakened 0.4 percent against the US dollar, while the euro slid 0.6 percent, as UK Prime Minister Theresa May triggered Article 50, formally beginning the country’s exit from the European Union. “We’re in for a long period of volatility for the pound and UK assets,” Neil Wilson, a market analyst at ETX Capital, wrote in a note, Bloomberg reported. “Details are everything now.” (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Hamilton breakthrough helps farmers improve nitrogen loss NPT shareholders urged to reject Kiwi Property offer Thames Has Good Reason to Be Angry Over Lack of Policing Kiwi renters subjected to damp and mouldy homes Warren Leslie inducted as PrintNZ Life Member HIFX Weekly FX Technical Report Jonathan Sinclair on the triggering of Article 50 Xero’s million customer milestone Five Mile welcomes opening of The Warehouse NIWA’s Hotspot Watch – Facts: Soil Moisture Is light rail the panacea for our transport ills? Hyper Drive zooms ahead with growth in mobile shopping Dairy consultants qualify under new certification scheme Maori King opens Seeka’s iconic new head office in Te Puke NZWSI Market Report: North Island Wool Auction Eases Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site HPV vaccination during pregnancy shows no ill effects News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Health HPV vaccination during pregnancy shows no ill effects Posted 30 Mar 2017 05:20 Updated 30 Mar 2017 06:10 Email More A A (Reuters Health) - New evidence from a Danish nationwide study suggests that Sanofi Pasteur's quadrivalent human papillomavirus vaccine (HPV), marketed as Gardasil, is not dangerous in the unusual case when it is inadvertently given during early pregnancy. Among 1,665 women exposed to the Gardasil vaccine while pregnant, there was no increased risk of having a child with a major birth defect compared to 6,660 women not exposed during pregnancy. The analysis also showed no elevated risk for spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, low birthweight, stillbirth or having a child who is small for gestational age. "Before our study, very little was known about the safety of HPV vaccination in pregnancy," coauthor Dr. Anders Hviid told Reuters Health in an email. "The lesson is that for young women who are inadvertently vaccinated early in pregnancy there is no need to worry; our results do not support that this exposure has an adverse effect on the unborn baby." And for now, "HPV vaccines should still not be administered in pregnancy," said Hviid, a senior investigator in the department of epidemiology research at the Statens Serum Institute in Copenhagen. "The study doesn't cover all bases, but what it generally says is very positive news," Dr. Robert Burk of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York told Reuters Health in a telephone interview. "As far as they can measure in a large population, there seems not to be a major detectable detrimental effect of the HPV vaccine. It's kind of what we anticipated, but the news is as good as you're going to get about a vaccine." Merck manufactures the vaccine in the United States. The study did not look at the safety of the bivalent version of the vaccine that covers fewer strains of HPV. More than 72 million women and girls worldwide have received HPV vaccines, which are designed to protect against cervical and other cancers. The vaccine is recommended for women aged 9 to 26 but not during pregnancy. However, women who are pregnant but don't yet realize it are sometimes vaccinated. "It's not that uncommon," said Burk, a professor of microbiology, immunology, epidemiology and population health who was not involved in the study. "You're immunizing women in their reproductive window when a good chunk of women are getting pregnant." One previous analysis that pooled data from two studies reported an elevated spontaneous abortion rate among women who got pregnant within 90 days of vaccination with the bivalent HPV vaccine, but other research has called that finding into question. The new study, reported in the New England Journal of Medicine, looked at all pregnant women in Denmark using several national registries. The data included the years 2006 to 2013. Instances of spontaneous abortion within the first six weeks of pregnancy were not included, the authors write, because many cases of spontaneous abortion during the first weeks of gestation may go unrecognized. Although the raw data did suggest higher rates of low birth weight, preterm birth and major birth defects, vaccinated women were also more likely to be smokers, unmarried and have both lower incomes and lower levels of education, putting them at higher risk for those outcomes in the first place. Once the research team adjusted for those factors, they found no significant difference in risk for women who got the vaccine while pregnant. SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2mCwpkn New England Journal of Medicine, online March 29, 2017. (This story refiles to add dropped letter in headline.) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Latest News Dow 20,659 -42.18 -0.20% Nasdaq 5,898 +22.41 +0.38% S&P 500 2,361 +2.56 +0.11% 3:03 A.M. ET Updated France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,074.38 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,381.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.62 2:57 A.M. ET SSE: Lower networks profit to weigh on dividend 2:53 A.M. ET DFS declares special dividend as profit edges up 2:53 A.M. ET William Hill appoints Ruth Prior as finance chief 2:52 A.M. ET Imperial keeps earnings target; to invest £300 mln 2:51 A.M. ET H&M profit drops as sales slow in tough market 2:19 A.M. ET Booker sees 7% rise for full-year same-store sales 2:11 A.M. ET LSE to buy back £200 million of shares 2:10 A.M. ET U.K. airlines face turbulence after Brexit 2:08 A.M. ET Trump administration mulls tariffs on Perrier, Vespas over EU-beef dispute 1:16 A.M. ET Mahindra plans electric cars for U.S., China 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices make steady gains after rallying to a three-week high 1:11 A.M. ET Updated The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban 12:55 A.M. ET Updated Millennials say Instagram is the most narcissistic social network on the planet 3/29 North Carolina lawmakers agree to repeal 'bathroom law' 3/29 Hawaii court extends ruling against Trump's travel ban 3/29 ‘Confused’ Asian markets sag, though energy stocks post gains 3/29 Trump administration may seek only minor adjustments to Nafta Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Veterinary Vaccines: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021) By Published: Mar 29, 2017 4:16 p.m. ET Share LONDON, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- REPORT OBJECTIVES The report "Veterinary Vaccines: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)" provides market intelligence on the different market segments, based on type, species, sales channel, and geography. Market size and forecast (2012-2021) has been provided in the report. The primary objectives of this report are to provide 1) comprehensive global market intelligence through detailed segmentation, 2) market size and forecasts, growth rates, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market situation, trends, 3) detailed analysis of current dynamics and trends, key market players, and strategies in the market, 4) detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants, 5) provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and restraints of the market and, 6) support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. RESEARCH METHODOLOGY In our market size and forecast determination efforts, an extensive secondary research was initially completed to gain a good perspective of the market in each region. Extensive primary research was also carried out by interviewing the key executives from the industry. These interviews helped us to fill-in the data gaps after secondary research. Several secondary sources such as encyclopedia, directories, and databases have been used to identify and collect information useful for this extensive techno-commercial study. The respondents– selected experts from manufacturers and selected suppliers - have been interviewed to obtain and verify critical information as well as to assess the future prospects. The usage of obtained information is based on the perceived reliability by the research team. In many cases, a combination of several sources was used. Sprout Intelligence provides an in-depth analysis of the market segmentation, which is a critical element of the market intelligence reports at Sprout Intelligence. KEY AUDIENCE Executives in marketing, strategic planning and new product development will find such discussions in our reports pertinent and useful. Management consultants, investment bankers, manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, and regulatory authorities are amongst our regular clientele served. DATA SOURCES The general data sources used in this report are company websites, trade association publications, regulatory authorities, journals, magazines, news websites, press releases, media publications, interaction with industry experts, company executives, research papers, articles, patents, scientific literature, among many others. KEY FINDINGS FROM THE REPORT - The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 5% from 2017 to 2021. - The USA, Canada, Ireland, India, and France are the leading countries in veterinary vaccines market. - The key players in this market are Zoetis, Elanco, Ceva, Merck, Merial, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bayer, and Virbac among many others. - Sprout Intelligence expert team estimated that the global Veterinary Vaccines market in 2016 was worth more than USD 5 billion. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4699222/About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.comFor more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.comTel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veterinary-vaccines-global-market-intelligence-2012-2021-300431423.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why this financial adviser thinks you should keep piles of cash handy Americans are now utterly intolerant of ever being told they’re wrong about almost anything Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills home goes for landmark vote next month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Regulation How languages are confusing banks' compliance teams View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Philadelphia Home News Restaurants Health Arts & Events Shopping Magazine Business Real Estate Politics Weddings LGBTQ The Scene Best of Philly Poll Facebook Twitter Google+ Subscribe Search Search … Navigation ▼ Latest News Innovation & Tech Startups Philly Economy These 8 Startups Landed a Spot in Dreamit Health’s Spring 2017 Cohort The bunch includes Philly startups like Biorealize and Group K Diagnostics. By Fabiola Cineas  |  March 29, 2017 at 2:45 pm comment on this post Image via Pixabay. Dreamit Health recently announced its spring 2017 cohort of startups, and it’s medley of eight impressive early stage companies from all around the world. The new group represents Dreamit’s 22nd cohort, and this cycle represents the accelerator’s fifth year in partnership with Penn Medicine and Independence Blue Cross. The selected startups are addressing everything from the patient experience to the medical workflow. The 14-week program will kick off with six weeks of business model refinement when the companies will work closely with Dreamit managing directors to get in shape for their next round of funding. The companies will then put their innovations to the test with two weeks of face-to-face customer immersions. They’ll get the chance to pitch and receive feedback from national healthcare giants like Blue Cross, Merck, Penn Medicine, and Digitas Health. To wrap up the program, the startups will engage in a Philadelphia Demo Day and then take part in a two-week, bi-coastal investor roadshow.  “The Dreamit program shortens the sales cycle for startups and creates momentum that leads to more customers, which in turn leads to a much higher rate of raising follow-up on rounds of financing,” said Dreamit CEO Avi Savar. “Selling to health enterprise is about relationships, and Dreamit helps startups build bonds with healthcare executives in a very condensed time.” Here are the eight startups in Dreamit’s 2017 spring term: Biorealize, a Philly-based startup, is developing Microbial Design Studio, a machine that helps biologists test genetically modified organisms. Citus Health is building a workflow automation and remote patient support platform that can eliminate call centers in home healthcare. Bluedrop Medical, all the way from Ireland, is developing a cloud-based device that can help people with diabetes monitor and scan for foot ulcers. Hailing from the UK, Marmo Health is working on a mobile messaging app for patient support groups. Kaizen Health wants to help streamline non-emergency transportation on their platform by connecting patients to transportation services like Lyft for their healthcare appointments. Cylera’s cybersecurity machine learning hardware is being developed to protect medical devices from cyber attacks. To help reduce medical errors, Tine Health designs training content for nurses about medical devices and procedures on their mobile platform. Group K Diagnostics, lead by a team of Philadelphia-based medical professionals, offers point of care diagnostics that can provide multiple results from one patient sample within 30 minutes of less. The results can be read on a smartphone or desktop app or with a comparison paper guide. The eight startups will be hosted at Dreamit Health’s Philly offices, and they’ll have access to the space for all of 2017. And as Dreamit announced in early 2016, the startups have the option to reject the accelerator’s seed funding in order to keep their equity. Follow @fabiolacineas on Twitter. Read More About: Biorealize, DreamIt Health, Group K Diagnostics « Previous Post comment on this post You May Also Like Dreamit Health Gets $325,000 Grant More Proof that Philly is Health Care Tech Capital A Mouthpiece that Detects Concussions Around The Web Be respectful of our online community and contribute to an engaging conversation. We reserve the right to ban impersonators and remove comments that contain personal attacks, threats, or profanity, or are flat-out offensive. By posting here, you are permitting Philadelphia magazine and Metro Corp. to edit and republish your comment in all media. Magazine Subscribe and Save up to 89%! Subscribe Most Popular Business Lew Blum Interview: The Philly Towing Titan Loves His Job — Business Frontier Just Launched Non-Stop Flights to Puerto Rico From Philly — Business Philly Is the Nation’s 10th-Best City for Women in Tech — Business Phillymag.com Lew Blum Interview: The Philly Towing Titan Loves His Job — Business SEPTA Wants to "Rebuild The System" With $7.3B Plan — News Couch or 5K: This New Race Ends With Dottie’s Donuts for All — Be Well Philly Sponsor Content < > Pennsylvania’s Opioid Crisis: When Pain Relief Turns Into Addiction Addiction isn’t always linked to an illegal substance. In fact, a report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention states addiction and overdose from prescription opioid medications has been More >> Next Article: Connect with BizPhilly Follow Us on Twitter Editor Fabiola Cineas | Email Get Our Free Newsletter Sections News Restaurants Health Art & Events Shopping & Style Magazine Sunday Magazine Real Estate Weddings Gay & Lesbian Best of Philly Blogs News Foobooz Birds 24/7 Citified BizPhilly Be Well Philly Philadelphia Wedding G Philly Property The Scene Shoppist Ticket Company About Newsletters Advertise Careers Diversity Policy Privacy Policy Subscribe Now Customer Care Give a Gift Search … Facebook Twitter Established 1908 Philadelphia Magazine 1818 Market Street, Philadelphia PA 19103 Copyright © 2017 Metro Corp. All rights reserved. Member, American Society of Magazine Editors and City and Regional Magazine Association.
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 March 2017 by Military News Pulmonary Drug Delivery Devices Market Value Share Analysis, By Application, 2016 and 2024 Global Pulmonary Drug Delivery Devices Market: Snapshot The global market for pulmonary drug devices has gained substantially over the last few years and, with the alarming rise in the air pollution leading to the increased incidence rate of respiratory disorders, it is likely to maintain its growth at a high pace in the years to come. The increasing number of smokers across the world is also adding to the rising pool of the patients suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (COPD), consequently benefitting the worldwide pulmonary drug delivery devices market considerably. Going forward, the market is expected to gain significant momentum over the next few years due to the increasing research and development activities in asthma and COPD treatments. However, various regulatory hurdles and the patent expiry of blockbuster drugs may restrict the growth of this market to some extent in the near future. Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pulmonary-drug-deliver… The global market for pulmonary drug devices presented an opportunity worth US$32.2 bn in 2015. Propagating at a CAGR of 3.30% during the period from 2016 to 2024, the market is likely to attain a value of US$43.05 bn by the end of 2024. North America and Europe to Continue to Lead Global Pulmonary Drug Delivery Devices Market Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa are the main regional markets for pulmonary drug delivery devices. Of these, North America has acquired the top position and is followed closely by Europe. The increasing prevalence of COPD is the key factor behind the growth of these regional markets. Analysts expect both the markets to retain their position over the forthcoming years, thanks to the technological advancements in pulmonary drug delivery devices. The U.S. and Canada have surfaced as the key domestic markets in North America, whereas, the Europe market for pulmonary drug delivery devices is led by Germany. On the other hand, the pulmonary drug delivery devices market in Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa are likely to present great opportunities to manufacturers in the near future due to the high incidence rate of respiratory disorders. The growing awareness among consumers and their increasing disposable income are also projected to drive these markets over the next few years. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Demand for Pulmonary Drug Delivery Devices to Remain High among Asthma Patients Pulmonary drug delivery devices find a widespread application in the treatment of asthma, COPD, and cystic fibrosis. Among these, the demand from the asthma segment is much higher than others and is likely to remain so over the next few years, thanks to the robust pipeline of drugs for the treatment of asthma. Some the key players operating in the global market for pulmonary drug delivery devices are Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Novartis AG, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, AstraZeneca Plc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Merck & Co. Inc., MannKind Corp., Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Mylan N.V., Omron Corp., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., 3M Healthcare, Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Gerresheimer AG, Bespak, AptarGroup Inc., SHL Group, Nypro Healthcare Inc., Hovione, and Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFood and Beverage, Health & Medicine, Industry, intelligence, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pharmaceutical Hot Melt Extrusion Industry Predictions for 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext Global Optocoupler Market by Type, Trends, Applications, Geography and Forecast to 2021 Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,659 -42.18 -0.20% Nasdaq 5,898 +22.41 +0.38% S&P 500 2,361 +2.56 +0.11% 3:03 A.M. ET Updated France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,074.38 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,381.42 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.62 2:57 A.M. ET SSE: Lower networks profit to weigh on dividend 2:53 A.M. ET DFS declares special dividend as profit edges up 2:53 A.M. ET William Hill appoints Ruth Prior as finance chief 2:52 A.M. ET Imperial keeps earnings target; to invest £300 mln 2:51 A.M. ET H&M profit drops as sales slow in tough market 2:19 A.M. ET Booker sees 7% rise for full-year same-store sales 2:11 A.M. ET LSE to buy back £200 million of shares 2:10 A.M. ET U.K. airlines face turbulence after Brexit 2:08 A.M. ET Trump administration mulls tariffs on Perrier, Vespas over EU-beef dispute 1:16 A.M. ET Mahindra plans electric cars for U.S., China 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices make steady gains after rallying to a three-week high 1:11 A.M. ET Updated The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban 12:55 A.M. ET Updated Millennials say Instagram is the most narcissistic social network on the planet 3/29 North Carolina lawmakers agree to repeal 'bathroom law' 3/29 Hawaii court extends ruling against Trump's travel ban 3/29 ‘Confused’ Asian markets sag, though energy stocks post gains 3/29 Trump administration may seek only minor adjustments to Nafta Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Intec Pharma Provides Update on Phase III ACCORDANCE Study of the Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa in Parkinson's Disease Patients By Published: Mar 29, 2017 7:30 a.m. ET Share Expects to Complete Enrollment in the Fourth Quarter of 2017 JERUSALEM, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- JERUSALEM, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Intec Pharma Ltd. (Nasdaq; TASE: NTEC), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill™ platform technology, today provided an update on the ACCORDANCE study, the Company's global Phase III clinical trial of the Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa (AP-CD/LD) as a treatment for Parkinson's disease (PD) symptoms in advanced PD patients.   The Company announced that the current pace of recruitment of patients into the ACCORDANCE study, together with the reduction in the sample size of the study from 460 patients to 328 patients that was announced previously, has enabled the Company to reduce the expected number of clinical sites for the study. To date, 72 sites have been activated in the U.S., Europe and Israel and the Company expects to complete enrollment in the ACCORDANCE study in the fourth quarter of 2017. Intec also reported that patients who have completed the ACCORDANCE study have continued into the open-label extension portion of the trial. Enrollment to the open label extension trial is open only for patients who complete the 25 weeks phase III trial and are interested in continuing to a 12 month treatment period on AP-CD/LD. "We are very pleased with the recruitment rate of the ACCORDANCE Phase III clinical trial and look forward to our anticipated completion of enrollment into this important study in the fourth quarter of 2017," stated Zeev Weiss, Chief Executive Officer of Intec Pharma. "OFF episodes are debilitating events for people with Parkinson's disease. We believe that our AP-CD/LD has a significant potential to make a substantial difference in the treatment of Parkinson's disease." About the Accordance Phase III Clinical Trial  The ACCORDANCE study is a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, parallel, active-controlled Phase III clinical trial in the United States, Europe and Israel. The study is expected to enroll approximately 328 participants across the two original arms: AP-CD/LD or Sinemet [®] IR, an immediate-release carbidopa levodopa medication that is currently on the market. The primary efficacy endpoint of the study is change from baseline to end of treatment in the percentage of daily OFF time during waking hours. Secondary endpoints include safety, daily OFF time (hours), ON time with and without troublesome dyskinesia (hours), number of daily LD doses and quality-of-life measurements as evaluated by the Parkinson's Disease Questionnaires: CG1-1, Parkinson's Disease Sleep Scale and the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS).   The total treatment period for each patient is 25 weeks, comprised of a six-week, open-label titration on Sinemet IR for all patients, followed by a six-week open-label titration on two AP-CD/LD doses (two or three-times daily) and a 13-week double-blind, double-dummy active comparator period, in which half of the patients are randomized to Sinemet IR.   All patients completing the ACCORDANCE study are eligible to enter a 12-month open-label extension study.   Sinemet [®] is a registered trademark of Merck & Co., Inc. About Intec Pharma Ltd.  Intec Pharma Ltd. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs based on its proprietary Accordion Pill platform technology. The Company's Accordion Pill is an oral drug delivery system that is designed to improve the efficacy and safety of existing drugs and drugs in development by utilizing an efficient gastric retention and specific release mechanism. The Company's product pipeline includes four product candidates in clinical trial stages: Accordion Pill Carbidopa/Levodopa, or AP-CDLD, which is being developed for the treatment of Parkinson's disease symptoms in advanced Parkinson's disease patients; Accordion Pill Zaleplon, or AP-ZP, which is being developed for the treatment of insomnia, including sleep induction and the improvement of sleep maintenance; an Accordion Pill that is being developed for the prevention and treatment of gastroduodenal and small bowel Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drug (NSAID)-induced ulcers; and AP-CBD/THC, an Accordion Pill with the two primary cannabinoids contained in Cannabis sativa, cannabidiol (CBD) and tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), which is being developed for various indications including low back pain and Fibromyalgia. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  This press release contains forward-looking statements about the Company's expectations, beliefs and intentions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "believe", "expect", "intend", "plan", "may", "should", "could", "might", "seek", "target", "will", "project", "forecast", "continue" or "anticipate" or their negatives or variations of these words or other comparable words or by the fact that these statements do not relate strictly to historical matters. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and assessments made in light of management's experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate.  Forward-looking statements in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, and the company undertakes no duty to update or revise any such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of the company's control. Important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from forward-looking statements are described in the sections titled "Risk Factors" in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and include the following: the company's ability to develop and commercialize its product candidates and obtain additional financing necessary therefor; the length, cost and uncertain results of the company's clinical trials, including uncertainty regarding the Company's ability to enroll the required number of patients therein; the potential of adverse side effects, other safety risks, or legal prohibitions on the use of certain products in certain jurisdictions that could preclude the approval of the company's drug candidates; the availability of reimbursement from government authorities and health insurance companies for the company's products; the impact of product liability lawsuits; and the influence of extensive and costly government regulation. Contacts:Zeev Weiss Chief Executive Officer Intec Pharma +972-(2)586-4657 zeev@intecpharma.comAnne Marie Fields Senior Vice President LHA +1-212-838-3777 afields@lhai.com SOURCE Intec Pharma Ltd Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why this financial adviser thinks you should keep piles of cash handy Americans are now utterly intolerant of ever being told they’re wrong about almost anything Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets The country with the most U.S. visa refusals is not named in Trump’s travel ban People spend small fortunes to bury pets at this cemetery MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills home goes for landmark vote next month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Regulation How languages are confusing banks' compliance teams View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Mar 30, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Local BORDERLAND Registration is open for shelter’s walk BLADE STAFF Published on March 29, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Daisy Mae waits patiently for a treat from her owners Sara and Patrick Lisk of Portage during the Toledo Area Humane Society Bark in the Park fund-raiser walk in 2016. This year's event is scheduled for May 20. The Blade/Katie Rausch Enlarge | Buy This Image Registration is open for the Toledo Area Humane Society’s 32nd-annual Bark in the Park. The 1.25-mile walk accompanied by games, food, and live entertainment is slated for May 20 from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the animal shelter, 827 Illinois Ave. in Maumee. The walk begins at noon, and prizes will be awarded both to individuals and teams. The humane society hopes to raise $60,000, used to help care for nearly 4,000 animals the shelter handles each year. This year’s event is sponsored by Veterinary Centers of America along with Pet Wants Perrysburg, Merck, Glass City Federal Credit Union, Invisible Fence Brand, and Three Dog Bakery. Visit toledohumane.org for registration information. Related Items borderland , Toledo Area Humane Society , Bark in the Park Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Veterinary Vaccines: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021) News provided by ReportBuyer Mar 29, 2017, 16:16 ET Share this article LONDON, March 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- REPORT OBJECTIVES The report "Veterinary Vaccines: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021)" provides market intelligence on the different market segments, based on type, species, sales channel, and geography. Market size and forecast (2012-2021) has been provided in the report. The primary objectives of this report are to provide 1) comprehensive global market intelligence through detailed segmentation, 2) market size and forecasts, growth rates, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market situation, trends, 3) detailed analysis of current dynamics and trends, key market players, and strategies in the market, 4) detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants, 5) provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and restraints of the market and, 6) support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. RESEARCH METHODOLOGY In our market size and forecast determination efforts, an extensive secondary research was initially completed to gain a good perspective of the market in each region. Extensive primary research was also carried out by interviewing the key executives from the industry. These interviews helped us to fill-in the data gaps after secondary research. Several secondary sources such as encyclopedia, directories, and databases have been used to identify and collect information useful for this extensive techno-commercial study. The respondents– selected experts from manufacturers and selected suppliers - have been interviewed to obtain and verify critical information as well as to assess the future prospects. The usage of obtained information is based on the perceived reliability by the research team. In many cases, a combination of several sources was used. Sprout Intelligence provides an in-depth analysis of the market segmentation, which is a critical element of the market intelligence reports at Sprout Intelligence. KEY AUDIENCE Executives in marketing, strategic planning and new product development will find such discussions in our reports pertinent and useful. Management consultants, investment bankers, manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, and regulatory authorities are amongst our regular clientele served. DATA SOURCES The general data sources used in this report are company websites, trade association publications, regulatory authorities, journals, magazines, news websites, press releases, media publications, interaction with industry experts, company executives, research papers, articles, patents, scientific literature, among many others. KEY FINDINGS FROM THE REPORT - The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 5% from 2017 to 2021. - The USA, Canada, Ireland, India, and France are the leading countries in veterinary vaccines market. - The key players in this market are Zoetis, Elanco, Ceva, Merck, Merial, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bayer, and Virbac among many others. - Sprout Intelligence expert team estimated that the global Veterinary Vaccines market in 2016 was worth more than USD 5 billion. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4699222/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veterinary-vaccines-global-market-intelligence-2012-2021-300431423.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Mar 29, 2017, 16:18 ET Preview: Used Cooking Oil (UCO): Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021) Mar 29, 2017, 16:14 ET Preview: Yeast Extracts: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021) My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 29, 2017, 18:04 ETHome Retail Series Kitchen Furniture 2016 Mar 29, 2017, 18:01 ETVendor Comparison in Analytics of Things 2017: MnM DIVE Matrix Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Veterinary Vaccines: Global Market Intelligence (2012-2021) News provided by ReportBuyer Mar 29, 2017, 16:16 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Health Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Nutrition & Fitness Multiple Sclerosis Roche MS drug Ocrevus approved by FDA after three-month delay Published March 29, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print The approval puts the potential blockbuster drug back on track after a delay caused by regulators' concerns over manufacturing issues.  (Reuters) The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Roche Holding AG’s multiple sclerosis (MS) drug Ocrevus Tuesday, making it the first U.S.-approved medicine for the primary progressive form of the neurological disease (PPMS). Patients diagnosed with PPMS account for 10 to 15 percent of MS cases, and experience gradual worsening of neurological symptoms. Ocrevus, known chemically as ocrelizumab, was also approved to treat the more common form of MS known as relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS), and will be available to people within two weeks. The immunosuppressive drug works to reduce the immune system’s assault on the body’s own neurons, and has the potential to significantly improve the lives of more than 400,000 Americans currently living with the disease. “This is a major therapeutic advance,” Dr. Harold L. Weiner, director of the Partners MS Center at Brigham Women’s Hospital in Boston, told STAT News. “And it opens a whole new area of understanding about MS.”   According to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, MS is an unpredictable disease that attacks the central nervous system and disrupts the flow of information within the brain and between the brain and body. The severity of the disease cannot be predicted and most patients are diagnosed between the ages of 20 and 50. Patients enrolled in a PPMS study who took Ocrevus were 47 percent more likely than those who received a placebo to show no evidence of disease progression, Reuters reported. Roche said trials involving PPMS patients showed 75 percent more patients reached “no evidence of disease activity” status when taking Ocrevus compared with those using Merck & Co Inc’s Rebif, which is an older MS therapy. More on this... What it's like to be diagnosed with multiple sclerosis at age 25 Fox & Friends: Janice Dean discusses FDA delay of promising MS drug Jamie-Lynn Sigler shares longtime MS struggle to raise awareness of disease The most commonly used MS treatment among patients in the U.S. is Copaxone, which is manufactured by Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd. Roche set an annual price of $65,000 for the twice-a-year infusion and acknowledged concerns about drug pricing. Roche said its list price is 25 percent less than Rebif, which is listed for $86,000 per year. The approval comes after a three-month delay caused by the FDA’s concerns over manufacturing issues. Novartis AG is currently developing its own MS treatment, BAF312, for secondary progressive multiple sclerosis, and could file for regulatory approval within the coming months. Other companies, including GeNeuro SA, are seeking new drug alternatives for different forms of MS.  Reuters contributed to this report. Advertisement Trending in Health 1 '90210' actor Luke Perry opens up about 2015 cancer scare 2 Should you be concerned about listeria? 3 Meningitis outbreak in Nigeria kills 269 people 4 Devon and Leah Still celebrate two years in remission 5 'Second skeleton': Woman's rare disease turning muscle tissue to bone See all Trends Top Health Centers View All Back Pain Cancer Depression Heart Disease Pain Management Sexual Health Beauty & Skin Cold and Flu Digestive Health Nutrition Pregnancy Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
