on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Monday, April 3, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Business Real Estate Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Fashion Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Erik Lukens column Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Health Pulse Magazine Opioids addiction Slideshows Obits MORE Jobs Nation Science/Tech Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe My Account Digital Newsstand Submit a photo Home Local/State Sports Business Lifestyle Entertainment Slideshows Obits Jobs Science/Tech Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com My Account Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Home Nation / World Birth control for men not exciting Big Pharma print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google 3019217 false Research assistants work at the reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance (RISUG) male contraceptive treatment research and development laboratory at the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in Kharagpur, West Bengal, India. (Sumit Dayal/Bloomberg) Click here to enlarge image Birth control for men not exciting Big Pharma By Ari Altstedter / Bloomberg Published Apr 2, 2017 at 12:02AM Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive in more than a century. But rather than a Big Pharma lab, the breakthrough is emerging from a university startup in the heart of rural India. Years of human trials on the injectable, sperm-zapping product are coming to an end, and researchers are preparing to submit it for regulatory approval. Results so far show it’s safe, effective and easy to use — but gaining little traction with drugmakers. That’s frustrating its inventor, who says his technique could play a crucial role in condom-averse populations. A new birth control method for men has the potential to win as much as half the $10 billion market for female contraceptives worldwide and cut into the $3.2 billion of annual condom sales, businesses dominated by pharmaceutical giants Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., according to estimates from the last major drug company to explore the area. India’s reversible procedure could cost as little as $10 in poor countries, and may provide males with yearslong fertility control, overcoming compliance problems and avoiding ongoing costs associated with condoms and the female birth-control pill, which is usually taken daily. It could also ease the burden on the 225 million women in developing countries, who the World Health Organization says have an unmet need for contraception. Yet so far only a U.S. nonprofit has taken up development of the technology abroad. For Sujoy Guha, 76, the biomedical engineer who invented the product, the challenge is to find a company that wants to sell it. But male contraception is an area Big Pharma has so far shown little interest in. “The fact that the big companies are run by white, middle-aged males who have the same feeling — that they would never do it — plays a major role,” said Herjan Coelingh Bennink, a gynecology professor who helped develop the contraceptives Implanon and Cerazette as head of research and development in women’s health for Organon International from 1987 to 2000. “If those companies were run by women, it would be totally different.” Guha’s technique for impairing male fertility relies on a polymer gel that’s injected into the sperm-carrying tubes in the scrotum. The gel, which has the consistency of melted chocolate, carries a positive charge that acts as a buffer on negatively charged sperm, damaging their heads and tails, and rendering them infertile. The treatment, known as reversible inhibition of sperm under guidance, or RISUG, is reversed with a second shot that breaks down the gel, allowing sperm to reach the penis normally. The expected launch of RISUG over the next two years will contribute to the Indian contraceptive market’s 17 percent growth through 2021, according to a report last year from Pharmaion Consultants, based near New Delhi. The procedure is 98 percent effective at preventing pregnancy — about the same as condoms if they are used every time — and has no major side effects, according to R. S. Sharma, head of reproductive biology and maternal health at the Indian Council of Medical Research. About 540 men have received it in India, where it continues to prevent pregnancies in their partners 13 years after treatment, he said. A submission to regulators this year will seek approval for RISUG as a permanent method of birth control. That will be appended with clinical data supporting reversibility, Sharma said. India has more married women with an unmet need for family planning than any other country, and social stigma and a lack of privacy in stores has kept condom use to less than 6 percent. Globally, men tend to take a back seat in matters of contraception. Almost 60 percent of women in spousal relationships used the contraceptive pill or some other form of modern contraception worldwide in 2015, according to a United Nations report. In contrast, 8 percent relied on their male partner using a condom. A new option for male birth control could garner as much as half the female contraceptives market, according to research by Organon in the 1990s, when the Dutch drugmaker partnered with Germany’s Schering AG on the last major effort to develop a male birth control pill. Demand would come from couples in long-term relationships looking to share family-planning responsibilities and single men looking for an alternative to condoms to prevent an unintended pregnancy from casual sex, Coelingh Bennink said. Still, there were questions at Organon about whether it would be worthwhile financially to develop a new entrant in the low-margin contraceptives market, and the project was eventually shelved, he said. Efforts on a hormone-based male contraceptive continued in 2008 in a study co-funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and UN agencies that was published in October. While the injected regimen’s efficacy was “relatively good” compared to other methods, the study was terminated early after a safety review. The authors noted a “relatively high” frequency of mild to moderate mood disorders, sparking a media uproar over perceived double standards in the development of contraceptives because the side effects seemed similar to those women experience on the pill. Bayer, which bought Schering in 2006, stopped all research and development activities around male fertility control about a decade ago, said Astrid Kranz, a company spokeswoman. Male contraception isn’t an area of active research for Pfizer and Merck either, representatives said. Both companies sell products for female fertility control. Side effects aside, it would take about $100 million and 10 years to bring a hormone-based male birth control pill to market — a low-priority undertaking for pharmaceutical executives, Coelingh Bennink said. In the face of disinterest from the pharmaceutical industry, Guha licensed the technology to the Parsemus Foundation, a U.S.-based nonprofit, to help establish a market for it outside India, he said. Parsemus is working on its own version, called Vasalgel, that it plans to manufacture and distribute at near cost-or potentially $10 to $20 per person in low- and middle-income countries — and $400 to $600 per person in wealthier markets, Elaine Lissner, the foundation’s founder, said in an email. The foundation, based in Berkeley, California, is seeking donations to fund costly human trials starting next year after a study in 16 rhesus monkeys published last month showed Vasalgel was successful in preventing conception while the primates fraternized with females for 5 to 24 months. Guha meanwhile has registered a startup in India called IcubedG Ideas Pvt. Ltd. through which he is pushing ahead with introducing the technology in his home country. He leased space in a New Delhi industrial zone in January after developing a method of mass production using a government grant. Three couples who participated in the clinical trials gathered in his Kharagpur office in February to attest to the need. Kinkar Ari, 39, a day laborer from a nearby village, said that when he and his wife decided they didn’t want more children they had a choice between tubal ligation for her or vasectomy for him, but neither could afford the time off to recuperate from the surgery. When a public health worker told the couple about Guha’s promising alternative, Ari decided to enroll in the study. The injection took 15 minutes with local anesthesia, and after half an hour of observation at the clinic, he said, he was able to walk the 2.5 kilometers home. Two days later, he was back at work. Ari was so enthused by the procedure he convinced two other couples to have it done, he said. Such stories encourage Guha to persist, he said, even though patents on his invention have long since expired and he won’t see any personal financial gain even if it takes off worldwide. “Why should the burden be borne by the female only?” he said in his office after the three couples had left. “There has to be an equal partnership.” 16881537 View next article in Nation & World     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Nation / World How warm and wet Mars lost its atmosphere, and why Earth didn’t 04/01/2017 Mars was once wetter and warmer, and very possibly a congenial environment ... more School nurses now stock heroin antidote 03/30/2017 At every school in New Rochelle, New York, just north of the ... more Options emerge to help seniors pay dental bills 03/31/2017 Alex Maddalena had gone five years without seeing a dentist.He knew that ... more Birth control for men not exciting Big Pharma 04/02/2017 Doctors are on the cusp of launching the first new male contraceptive ... more As Trump pulls back on climate, states step up 03/29/2017 Jim Brainard is a Republican mayor in a Republican city in a ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Submit a news tip Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
Latest News Dow 20,663 -65.27 -0.31% Nasdaq 5,912 -2.61 -0.04% S&P 500 2,363 -5.34 -0.23% 2:43 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser to review food unit, options 2:21 A.M. ET China Caixin manufacturing PMI edges down in March 2:20 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to 1.97% 1:13 A.M. ET Australian house price growth fastest in 7 years 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices hold steady as investors watch for Saudi exports 4/02 Australia retail sales unexpectedly drop in Feb. 4/02 Updated Trump says U.S. can resolve North Korea situation alone 4/02 Asian markets march toward gains ahead of U.S.-China summit 4/02 Updated Search for survivors in Colombia after flooding, landslide kill hundreds 4/02 Updated Over 60% of stock investors made money in March — even as Snap IPO hurt many 4/02 Updated Mark Cuban: Trump ‘had no clue’ about Russian campaign ties 4/02 Malaysia manufacturing output weakens in March 4/02 Updated The growing divide between the haves and the have-nots, in one stunning chart 4/02 Updated Neil deGrasse Tyson says he won’t be a SpaceX customer until Elon Musk does this 4/02 Updated Trump presidency: a ‘buy low’ candidate? 4/02 Donald Trump has a really good reason for playing golf again 4/02 Japanese business confidence weaker than expected 4/02 South Carolina women win their first NCAA basketball title 4/02 Chicago teen arrested in sexual assault broadcast on Facebook Live 4/02 Updated 5 easy ways you can screw up a job offer Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Data on Verastem’s Focal Adhesion Kinase Inhibitor Defactinib Presented at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting By Published: Apr 2, 2017 2:05 p.m. ET Share BOSTON, Apr 02, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Verastem, Inc. VSTM, -6.33% focused on discovering and developing drugs to treat cancer, today announced the oral presentation of data for its lead focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitor, defactinib, by the Company’s scientific collaborator David G. DeNardo, PhD, Assistant Professor of Medicine, Division of Oncology, Department of Immunology, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) annual meeting in Washington, DC. In an oral presentation titled, “Reprogramming the tumor microenvironment to improve responses to therapy,” Dr. DeNardo described data demonstrating that FAK inhibition can enable efficacy of PD-1 inhibition in preclinical models of pancreatic cancer that, like the clinical disease, are otherwise refractory to checkpoint inhibition. As described in Dr. DeNardo’s presentation, a clinical trial is in progress, which combines Verastem’s FAK inhibitor defactinib with Merck’s PD-1 inhibitor pembrolizumab together with gemcitabine in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Initial analysis of immune biomarkers from matched pairs of metastatic biopsies, taken either pre or post treatment, from patients with PDAC has been conducted in this study. “Immunotherapeutic agents have shown little clinical benefit in pancreatic cancer and this is likely due, at least in part, to the presence of an immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment including a dense stroma which may prevent T cell entry into, or function within, tumor tissues,” said Dr. DeNardo. “Our initial biomarker data, indicating an increase in activated proliferating cytotoxic T cells together with a reduction in tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) appear promising. We are extremely interested to see whether these immune changes that may shift the balance from immunosuppressive to immunoreactive tumors, may translate into a clinical benefit for pancreatic cancer patients who have few effective treatment options.” Jonathan Pachter, PhD, Verastem’s Chief Scientific Officer, added, “Pancreatic cancer has the highest mortality rate of all major cancers, and the disease is still considered largely incurable. The data presented today by Dr. DeNardo at AACR 2017 provide important support and rationale for the ongoing clinical study evaluating Verastem’s lead FAK inhibitor defactinib in combination with pembrolizumab and gemcitabine in patients with pancreatic cancer.” The ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial is being conducted at the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis under the direction of Andrea Wang-Gillam, MD, PhD, Clinical Director of the Gastrointestinal Oncology Program with financial support from the Precision Medicine Research Associates and the BJH Foundation. The trial, which is expected to enroll approximately 50 patients, is currently completing its dose-escalation portion. Details for the oral symposium presentation at AACR 2017 are: Title: Reprogramming the Tumor Microenvironment to Facilitate Responses to Immunotherapy Session: Major Symposium; SY14 – Myelomonocytic Cells and Stroma as Therapeutic Targets Location: Room 206 – Level 2 Washington Convention Center Date and time: Sunday, April 2, 2017 from 2:05-2:30pm ET A copy of the oral presentation slides will be available here following the conclusion of Dr. DeNardo’s presentation and a webcast will be available from AACR beginning on April 26, 2017. About the Tumor Microenvironment The tumor microenvironment encompasses multiple tumor and non-tumor cell populations and an extracellular matrix that support cancer cell survival. This includes immunosuppressive regulatory T cells, myeloid-derived suppressor cells, tumor-associated macrophages, cancer-associated fibroblasts and extracellular matrix proteins that can hamper the entry and therapeutic benefit of cytotoxic T cells and anti-cancer drugs. In addition to targeting the proliferative and survival signaling of cancer cells, Verastem’s product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib, also target the tumor microenvironment to potentially improve a patient’s response to therapy. About Defactinib Defactinib is an investigational inhibitor of FAK, a non-receptor tyrosine kinase encoded by the PTK-2 gene that mediates oncogenic signaling in response to cellular adhesion and growth factors. [1] Based on the multi-faceted roles of FAK, defactinib is used to treat cancer through modulation of the tumor microenvironment, enhancement of anti-tumor immunity, and reduction of cancer stem cells. [2,3] Defactinib is currently being evaluated in combination with immunotherapy for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma, in three combination clinical trials with pembrolizumab or avelumab from Merck & Co. and Pfizer/Merck KGaA, respectively. [4,5,6] Information about these and additional clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of defactinib can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Verastem, Inc. Verastem, Inc. VSTM, -6.33% is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing drugs to improve outcomes for patients with cancer. Verastem is currently developing duvelisib, a dual inhibitor of PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma, which has successfully met its primary endpoint in a Phase 2 study in iNHL and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with CLL. In addition, Verastem is developing the FAK inhibitor defactinib, which is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types, including pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer and non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. Verastem’s product candidates seek to treat cancer by modulating the local tumor microenvironment, enhancing anti-tumor immunity and reducing cancer stem cells. For more information, please visit www.verastem.com. Verastem forward-looking statements notice: This press release includes forward-looking statements about Verastem's strategy, future plans and prospects, including statements regarding the development and activity of Verastem's investigational product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib (VS-6063), and Verastem's PI3K and FAK programs generally, the structure of our planned and pending clinical trials and the timeline and indications for clinical development, our rights to develop or commercialize our product candidates and our ability to finance contemplated development activities and fund operations for a specified period. The words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "target," "potential," "will," "would," "could," "should," "continue," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statement. Applicable risks and uncertainties include the risks that the preclinical testing of Verastem's product candidates and preliminary or interim data from clinical trials may not be predictive of the results or success of ongoing or later clinical trials; that data may not be available when expected; that enrollment of clinical trials may take longer than expected; that our product candidates will cause unexpected safety events or result in an unmanageable safety profile as compared to their level of efficacy; that Verastem will be unable to successfully initiate or complete the clinical development of its product candidates; that the development of Verastem's product candidates will take longer or cost more than planned; that Verastem may not have sufficient cash to fund its contemplated operations; that Verastem will not pursue or submit regulatory filings for its product candidates; and that Verastem's product candidates will not receive regulatory approval, become commercially successful products, or result in new treatment options being offered to patients. Other risks and uncertainties include those identified under the heading "Risk Factors" in Verastem's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in any subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect Verastem's views as of the date of this release, and Verastem does not undertake and specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. [1] Schaller MD and Parsons JT. Focal adhesion kinase: an integrin-linked protein tyrosine kinase. Trends Cell Biol. 1993 3: 258-62. [2] Jiang H et al. Targeting focal adhesion kinase renders pancreatic cancers responsive to checkpoint immunotherapy. Nat Med 2016: Aug 22(8) 851-60. [3] Sulzmaier FJ et al. FAK in cancer: mechanistic findings and clinical applications. Nature Rev Cancer. 2014 14: 598-610. [4] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02546531 [5] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02943317 [6] www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02758587 View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170402005084/en/ SOURCE: Verastem, Inc. Verastem, Inc. Brian Sullivan, 781-292-4214 Director, Corporate Development bsullivan@verastem.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References VSTM -0.14 -6.33% Most Popular Instagram users: we’ve created the most narcissistic social network on the planet Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Mark Cuban: Trump ‘had no clue’ about Russian campaign ties Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Verastem Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: VSTM $2.07 -0.14 (-6.33%) Volume 1.8M Open $2.00 High $2.07 Low $1.82 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 76.6M Verastem Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: VSTM $2.07 -0.14 (-6.33%) Volume 1.8M Open $2.00 High $2.07 Low $1.82 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 76.6M
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 April 2017 by Military News Data on Verastem’s Focal Adhesion Kinase Inhibitor Defactinib Presented at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Verastem, Inc. (NASDAQ: VSTM), focused on discovering and developing drugs to treat cancer, today announced the oral presentation of data for its lead focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitor, defactinib, by the Company’s scientific collaborator David G. DeNardo, PhD, Assistant Professor of Medicine, Division of Oncology, Department of Immunology, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, at the 2017 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) annual meeting in Washington, DC. In an oral presentation titled, “Reprogramming the tumor microenvironment to improve responses to therapy,” Dr. DeNardo described data demonstrating that FAK inhibition can enable efficacy of PD-1 inhibition in preclinical models of pancreatic cancer that, like the clinical disease, are otherwise refractory to checkpoint inhibition. As described in Dr. DeNardo’s presentation, a clinical trial is in progress, which combines Verastem’s FAK inhibitor defactinib with Merck’s PD-1 inhibitor pembrolizumab together with gemcitabine in patients with advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Initial analysis of immune biomarkers from matched pairs of metastatic biopsies, taken either pre or post treatment, from patients with PDAC has been conducted in this study. “Immunotherapeutic agents have shown little clinical benefit in pancreatic cancer and this is likely due, at least in part, to the presence of an immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment including a dense stroma which may prevent T cell entry into, or function within, tumor tissues,” said Dr. DeNardo. “Our initial biomarker data, indicating an increase in activated proliferating cytotoxic T cells together with a reduction in tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) appear promising. We are extremely interested to see whether these immune changes that may shift the balance from immunosuppressive to immunoreactive tumors, may translate into a clinical benefit for pancreatic cancer patients who have few effective treatment options.” Jonathan Pachter, PhD, Verastem’s Chief Scientific Officer, added, “Pancreatic cancer has the highest mortality rate of all major cancers, and the disease is still considered largely incurable. The data presented today by Dr. DeNardo at AACR 2017 provide important support and rationale for the ongoing clinical study evaluating Verastem’s lead FAK inhibitor defactinib in combination with pembrolizumab and gemcitabine in patients with pancreatic cancer.” The ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial is being conducted at the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis under the direction of Andrea Wang-Gillam, MD, PhD, Clinical Director of the Gastrointestinal Oncology Program with financial support from the Precision Medicine Research Associates and the BJH Foundation. The trial, which is expected to enroll approximately 50 patients, is currently completing its dose-escalation portion. Details for the oral symposium presentation at AACR 2017 are: Title: Reprogramming the Tumor Microenvironment to Facilitate Responses to Immunotherapy Session: Major Symposium; SY14 – Myelomonocytic Cells and Stroma as Therapeutic Targets Location: Room 206 – Level 2 Washington Convention Center Date and time: Sunday, April 2, 2017 from 2:05-2:30pm ET A copy of the oral presentation slides will be available here following the conclusion of Dr. DeNardo’s presentation and a webcast will be available from AACR beginning on April 26, 2017. About the Tumor Microenvironment The tumor microenvironment encompasses multiple tumor and non-tumor cell populations and an extracellular matrix that support cancer cell survival. This includes immunosuppressive regulatory T cells, myeloid-derived suppressor cells, tumor-associated macrophages, cancer-associated fibroblasts and extracellular matrix proteins that can hamper the entry and therapeutic benefit of cytotoxic T cells and anti-cancer drugs. In addition to targeting the proliferative and survival signaling of cancer cells, Verastem’s product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib, also target the tumor microenvironment to potentially improve a patient’s response to therapy. About Defactinib Defactinib is an investigational inhibitor of FAK, a non-receptor tyrosine kinase encoded by the PTK-2 gene that mediates oncogenic signaling in response to cellular adhesion and growth factors.1 Based on the multi-faceted roles of FAK, defactinib is used to treat cancer through modulation of the tumor microenvironment, enhancement of anti-tumor immunity, and reduction of cancer stem cells.2,3 Defactinib is currently being evaluated in combination with immunotherapy for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma, in three combination clinical trials with pembrolizumab or avelumab from Merck & Co. and Pfizer/Merck KGaA, respectively.4,5,6 Information about these and additional clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of defactinib can be found on www.clinicaltrials.gov. About Verastem, Inc. Verastem, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSTM) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing drugs to improve outcomes for patients with cancer. Verastem is currently developing duvelisib, a dual inhibitor of PI3K-delta and PI3K-gamma, which has successfully met its primary endpoint in a Phase 2 study in iNHL and is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with CLL. In addition, Verastem is developing the FAK inhibitor defactinib, which is currently being evaluated in three separate clinical collaborations in combination with immunotherapeutic agents for the treatment of several different cancer types, including pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer and non-small cell lung cancer, and mesothelioma. Verastem’s product candidates seek to treat cancer by modulating the local tumor microenvironment, enhancing anti-tumor immunity and reducing cancer stem cells. For more information, please visit www.verastem.com. Verastem forward-looking statements notice: This press release includes forward-looking statements about Verastem’s strategy, future plans and prospects, including statements regarding the development and activity of Verastem’s investigational product candidates, including duvelisib and defactinib (VS-6063), and Verastem’s PI3K and FAK programs generally, the structure of our planned and pending clinical trials and the timeline and indications for clinical development, our rights to develop or commercialize our product candidates and our ability to finance contemplated development activities and fund operations for a specified period. The words „anticipate,” „believe,” „estimate,” „expect,” „intend,” „may,” „plan,” „predict,” „project,” „target,” „potential,” „will,” „would,” „could,” „should,” „continue,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Each forward-looking statement is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statement. Applicable risks and uncertainties include the risks that the preclinical testing of Verastem’s product candidates and preliminary or interim data from clinical trials may not be predictive of the results or success of ongoing or later clinical trials; that data may not be available when expected; that enrollment of clinical trials may take longer than expected; that our product candidates will cause unexpected safety events or result in an unmanageable safety profile as compared to their level of efficacy; that Verastem will be unable to successfully initiate or complete the clinical development of its product candidates; that the development of Verastem’s product candidates will take longer or cost more than planned; that Verastem may not have sufficient cash to fund its contemplated operations; that Verastem will not pursue or submit regulatory filings for its product candidates; and that Verastem’s product candidates will not receive regulatory approval, become commercially successful products, or result in new treatment options being offered to patients. Other risks and uncertainties include those identified under the heading „Risk Factors” in Verastem’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in any subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect Verastem’s views as of the date of this release, and Verastem does not undertake and specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 1Schaller MD and Parsons JT. Focal adhesion kinase: an integrin-linked protein tyrosine kinase. Trends Cell Biol. 1993 3: 258-62. 2Jiang H et al. Targeting focal adhesion kinase renders pancreatic cancers responsive to checkpoint immunotherapy. Nat Med 2016: Aug 22(8) 851-60. 3Sulzmaier FJ et al. FAK in cancer: mechanistic findings and clinical applications. Nature Rev Cancer. 2014 14: 598-610. 4www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02546531 5www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02943317 6www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02758587 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LexisNexis Risk Solutions and Human API Partner to Help Streamline Life Insurance Process for Millions of Consumers Next PostNext Conagra Brands Recalls Hunt’s Chili Kits Due To Potential Presence Of Salmonella In Chili Seasoning Packet Search Recent Posts Electronic Payment System For Transportation Market Growth and Forecast 2016-2026 2017 Oil and Gas Indsutry – Top 5 Emerging Markets Analysis Research Report Activated PEGs Industry – Global Market Status with Regional Outlook in New Research U.S. Home Ceiling Fan Market will reach USD 445.30 Million by 2021: Zion Market Research Mineral Feed Market Expected to Expand at a Steady CAGR through 2026 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 5 Deadliest Diseases in the U.S. -- and the Top Drugs Potentially on the Way to Treat Them Promising treatments could be on the way to address the diseases causing the most American deaths. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Apr 2, 2017 at 7:23AM Just five diseases caused the deaths of roughly 1.6 million Americans in 2015, the most recent year for which the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has statistics. Many more patients suffer from the diseases.  Promising drugs could be on the way to treat these diseases, from drugmakers including Alnylam (NASDAQ:ALNY), AstraZeneca (NYSE:AZN), Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB), Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), Merck (NYSE:MRK), and The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO). Here are the five deadliest diseases in the U.S. -- and some of the top drugs that could be available for treatment in the not-too-distant future. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Heart disease Heart disease took the lives of more than 614,000 Americans in 2015. The most common type of heart disease, coronary heart disease (CHD), kills around 370,000 people in the U.S. each year.  CHD is caused by the buildup of plaque inside the coronary arteries. The good news is that keeping your cholesterol in check can help prevent CHD. Even better, a new class of drugs known as PCSK9 inhibitors could help more people lower their cholesterol levels than ever before. A couple of PCSK9 inhibitors have already received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), but another promising one could be on the way. The Medicines Company and partner Alnylam recently announced great results for inclisiran in a mid-stage clinical study.  The experimental drug works by turning off the liver's synthesis of PCSK9, a protein that's important in regulating cholesterol levels in the body. PCSK9 inhibitors that are currently available require 12 to 24 injections each year. Inclisiran, however, requires only two shots per year. The Medicines Company and Alnylam will next evaluate the drug in a late-stage clinical trial, so it will be a few years before inclisiran could reach the market.  2. Cancer Nearly 592,000 people in the U.S. died from cancer in 2015. Lung cancer accounted for more than a third of those deaths.  Two powerful lung cancer drugs have received FDA approval over the last couple of years for treating the most common type of lung cancer, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Bristol-Myers Squibb won approval for Opdivo in March 2015, while Merck got the green light for Keytruda in October 2016.  Both drugs are also approved for treating other types of cancer, including melanoma and classical Hodgkin lymphoma.  The biggest opportunity for treating lung cancer could lie with combination therapies with Opdivo and Keytruda. Bristol-Myers Squibb has multiple combination studies in progress, with several reporting data in 2018. Merck awaits approval for a Keytruda/chemotherapy combo and is evaluating Keytruda in combination with other drugs targeting lung cancer as well.  3. Chronic lower respiratory diseases Chronic lower respiratory diseases caused more than 147,000 deaths in the U.S. in 2015. The most deadly chronic lower respiratory disease is chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), which includes emphysema and chronic bronchitis.  Several drugmakers are developing COPD treatments. One leading the way is AstraZeneca. The big pharmaceutical company is evaluating two experimental COPD drugs in late-stage studies. PT010 delivers a triple-whammy, combining three types of COPD treatments: a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA), a long-acting β2-agonist (LABA), and an inhaled corticosteroid. Benralizumab is a monoclonal antibody that inhibits interleukin-5 receptor (IL-5R), a signaling protein of the immune system. AstraZeneca expects to file for U.S. regulatory approval for both PT010 and benralizumab in 2018.  4. Stroke More than 133,000 Americans died in 2015 from stroke. There are several drugs currently approved for treating stroke, but a recent study suggests that the best of the bunch could be Bristol-Myers Squibb's Eliquis. An analysis of Medicare data showed that Eliquis reduced stroke risk by 60% compared to warfarin, a commonly used drug for treating stroke. That result was much higher than any of the drug's main rivals.  There aren't too many drugmakers working on the development of new stroke drugs right now, although several non-profit and government organizations are involved in research. However, Bristol-Myers Squibb is collaborating on additional studies of Eliquis in potentially preventing and treating stroke.   5. Alzheimer's disease Alzheimer's disease took over 93,000 American lives in 2015. Unfortunately, the landscape is full of once-promising drugs for the condition that didn't pan out. Biogen hopes to change the story, though. In December, the biotech reported positive results from an early stage clinical study of aducanumab. Patients with early Alzheimer's disease who took the experimental drug experienced reduced rates of clinical decline and lower levels of amyloid plaque, which is thought to play a role in causing the disease. These early stage results could bode well for Biogen's late-stage studies of aducanumab that are currently under way. Although it will be a few years before these studies wrap up, Biogen just might be able to succeed where others haven't.  Cautious optimism Drugs that seem promising can prove to be ineffective. Safety issues can also arise. Still, there is reason to be cautiously optimistic. Significant progress has been made in treating all of these deadly diseases in recent years, with the notable exception of Alzheimer's disease. The drugs that are being studied today could be the game-changing treatments of the future.  Keith Speights has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alnylam Pharmaceuticals and Biogen. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Apr 2, 2017 at 7:23AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $63.54 up $0.09 (0.14%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $54.38 down $0.98 (-1.77%) Alnylam Pharmaceuticals NASDAQ:ALNY $51.25 no change (0.00%) AstraZeneca NYSE:AZN $31.14 down $0.03 (-0.10%) Biogen NASDAQ:BIIB $273.42 up $4.36 (1.62%) The Medicines Company NASDAQ:MDCO $48.90 down $0.19 (-0.39%) Read More Should Investors Worry About Bristol-Myers Squibb's Recent Setbacks? 3 Top Cancer Drug Stocks to Buy in 2017 Merck Makes Nice With Bristol-Myers Squibb The Big Reason Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Stock Exploded 15% Higher in February Factor Xa's Win Billions of Dollars in Sales From Warfarin Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 5 Deadliest Diseases in the U.S. -- and the Top Drugs Potentially on the Way to Treat Them @themotleyfool #stocks $MRK, $BMY, $ALNY, $AZN, $BIIB, $MDCO
Latest News Dow 20,663 -65.27 -0.31% Nasdaq 5,912 -2.61 -0.04% S&P 500 2,363 -5.34 -0.23% 2:43 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser to review food unit, options 2:21 A.M. ET China Caixin manufacturing PMI edges down in March 2:20 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to 1.97% 1:13 A.M. ET Australian house price growth fastest in 7 years 1:12 A.M. ET Oil prices hold steady as investors watch for Saudi exports 4/02 Australia retail sales unexpectedly drop in Feb. 4/02 Updated Trump says U.S. can resolve North Korea situation alone 4/02 Asian markets march toward gains ahead of U.S.-China summit 4/02 Updated Search for survivors in Colombia after flooding, landslide kill hundreds 4/02 Updated Over 60% of stock investors made money in March — even as Snap IPO hurt many 4/02 Updated Mark Cuban: Trump ‘had no clue’ about Russian campaign ties 4/02 Malaysia manufacturing output weakens in March 4/02 Updated The growing divide between the haves and the have-nots, in one stunning chart 4/02 Updated Neil deGrasse Tyson says he won’t be a SpaceX customer until Elon Musk does this 4/02 Updated Trump presidency: a ‘buy low’ candidate? 4/02 Donald Trump has a really good reason for playing golf again 4/02 Japanese business confidence weaker than expected 4/02 South Carolina women win their first NCAA basketball title 4/02 Chicago teen arrested in sexual assault broadcast on Facebook Live 4/02 Updated 5 easy ways you can screw up a job offer Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports By Published: Apr 2, 2017 9:30 p.m. ET Share PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact:Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports SOURCE ReportsnReports Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Instagram users: we’ve created the most narcissistic social network on the planet Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco Mark Cuban: Trump ‘had no clue’ about Russian campaign ties Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 2 829 -0,7%  Dow 20 663 -0,3%  Nasdaq 5 436 -0,1%  Euro 1,0668 0,1%  ATX P 1 434 -0,5%  EStoxx50 3 501 0,6%  Nikkei 18 983 0,4%  CHF 1,0686 -0,1%  DAX 12 313 0,5%  FTSE100 7 323 -0,6%  Öl 53,6 1,5%  Gold 1 247 -0,2%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 03.04.2017 03:30:00 A A Teilen Drucken Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports Tweet PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Krieg der Währungen Protektionismus bedroht die Weltwirtschaft "Das Jahr der zwei Hälften" Börse aktuell - Live Ticker ATX fester erwartet -- Asiens Börsen freundlich TecDAX dürfte stärker starten. Dow Jones schwächer. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 – ReportnReports PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions’ development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report” is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions’ development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune – 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports SOURCE ReportsnReports CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Le chef de la direction de Bombardier demande d’ajuster la rémunération prévue pour 2016 des membres de la haute direction de la Société Next PostNext Tesla Q1 2017 Vehicle Production and Deliveries Search Recent Posts Alkane Resources Ltd. (ANLKY: OTCQX International) | Northern Molong Porphyry Project – exploration update Tesla Q1 2017 Vehicle Production and Deliveries Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 – ReportnReports Le chef de la direction de Bombardier demande d’ajuster la rémunération prévue pour 2016 des membres de la haute direction de la Société Bombardier’s Chief Executive Officer Makes Statement Adjusting 2016 Compensation for Senior Executive Officers Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports News provided by ReportsnReports Apr 02, 2017, 21:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports SOURCE ReportsnReports Mar 31, 2017, 13:00 ET Preview: Offshore Supply Vessel Market Growing at CAGR of 6.03% During 2016 to 2021- ReportsnReports My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 31, 2017, 13:00 ETOffshore Supply Vessel Market Growing at CAGR of 6.03% During... Mar 31, 2017, 12:00 ETVideo Surveillance Market Growing at a CAGR of 15.4% During 2017... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports News provided by ReportsnReports Apr 02, 2017, 21:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 April 2017 by Military News Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 – ReportnReports PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals, Supplementary Medicine, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diamond Resorts International – Sedona Awaits Travelers with Red Rocks and Blue Skies Next PostNext Ghost in the Shell an economic bonanza for Wellington Search Recent Posts NDIS funding allows Sunshine to invest in people who care Tramada Launches Tramada University Export Development Canada Signals Millions in New Loans for Indian Companies with the Opening of its First Financing Branch in Singapore Autism Awareness Ghost in the Shell an economic bonanza for Wellington Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports News provided by ReportsnReports 02:30 BST Share this article PUNE, India, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Corticosteroids Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Complete report on Corticosteroids industry spread across 105 pages providing 08 company profiles and 181 tables and figures is available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/901158-global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017.html. Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Region, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, China, Europe, Japan, India, Southeast Asia split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Corticosteroids in each application. This report studies Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson, GSK, AstraZeneca and Cipla. Buy a copy at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=901158 . Related Reports:  Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market Research Report 2017 The Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry, 2017 Market Research Report" is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry with a focus on the global market. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the Steroid-Corticosteroids manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. Then, the report explores the international major industry players in detail. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2012-2017 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. The report then estimates 2016-2021 market development trends of Steroid-Corticosteroids industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Steroid-Corticosteroids Industry before evaluating its feasibility. Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2011-2021 global Steroid-Corticosteroids industry covering all important parameters. United States Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2017 Market Research Report This report studies Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States market, focuses on price, sales, revenue of each type in Global. This report also focuses on the sales (consumption), production, import and export of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids in United States, forecast to 2021, from 2016. Firstly, this report focuses on price, sales, revenue and growth rate of each type, as well as the types and each type price of key manufacturers, through interviewing key manufacturers. Second on basis of segments by manufacturers, this report focuses on the sales, price of each type, average price of Centrifugal Intranasal Corticosteroids, revenue and market share, for key manufacturers. The Intranasal Corticosteroids industry development trends and marketing channels are also analyzed and the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With the tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals. Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report The Europe Intranasal Corticosteroids Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Intranasal Corticosteroids industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Intranasal Corticosteroids market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (Germany, UK, France, Russia, Italy, Benelux and Spain), and other regions can be added. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole Next to Inox theatre Bund garden road Pune - 411011 Maharashtra, India + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us On:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports SOURCE ReportsnReports 31 Mar, 2017, 18:00 BST Preview: Offshore Supply Vessel Market Growing at CAGR of 6.03% During 2016 to 2021- ReportsnReports My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Corticosteroids Market Key Players Profile and Industry Analysis to 2022 - ReportnReports News provided by ReportsnReports 02:30 BST Share this article Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Haulage & Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
TheHorse.com: Your Guide to Equine Health Care Sign In Register Topics News Videos & Photos Free Reports Blogs Free Horses Tools Podcasts Newsletters Magazine Shop Fixing Treatment Aversion in Horses By Maureen Gallatin Apr 2, 2017 Topics: Behavior Veterinary Practice Equine Welfare & Legislation AAEP Convention Horsemanship Science Print Email Favorite Share Tweet Newsletters If a horse is uncomfortable in a confined space, try taking him outside for injections or administering them in a spacious stall. Photo: Anne M. Eberhardt/The Horse Remember when you got a lollipop at the doctor’s office right after you got a shot? Using the same idea of creating positive experiences makes handling horses for veterinary procedures easier and safer for everyone, including the horse. That’s not just someone’s opinion. There’s sufficient science to substantiate that positive-reinforcement-based, nonconfrontational handling of animals reduces stress, increases safety, and makes the workplace much more comfortable. Sue McDonnell, PhD, Cert. AAB, founding head of the equine behavior program at the University of Pennsylvania's School of Veterinary Medicine, has extensive experience retraining horses—including “problem” horses—and in teaching others the best ways to deliver veterinary care. At the 2016 American Association of Equine Practitioners convention, held Dec. 3-7 in Orlando, Florida, McDonnell told veterinarians during a Sunrise Session, hosted by Merck Animal Health, to “make the procedure as painless as possible, work in the environment most comfortable to the horse, and learn to fill your toolbox with positive-only methods.” Of course, that can be easier said than done, especially if increased restraint is your go-to tool for when things don’t go in the direction you want. Here’s a look at why McDonnell advocates for a more positive approach. As a grazing prey species native to open plains, horses are almost single-trial learners, especially with negative experiences. They learn to avoid procedures that have been unpleasant, stressful, or painful, but they can accept one bad experience in an otherwise positive situation. The good news is that behavior is learned, and, as such, it can be unlearned. It's a matter of rebalancing so the positive outweighs the negative, she said. Even the horse with a background of negative experiences can change, given a positive environment and handling. McDonnell said many experienced horse people must unlearn being punitive (inflicting punishment) and learn to adopt a positive-only approach. One way McDonnell helps horses is by helping horse people change their behavior. Applying science-based learning principles for any horse training scenario requires that you stop thinking about what you don't want. Focus instead on what you want, and reinforce that. Rather than punishing the undesirable behavior, think of something you can teach the horse to do on the fly—in five or 10 seconds—that’s counter to the undesirable reaction. McDonnell said it's common for equestrians to inadvertently train avoidance responses using pressure and release. “We put pressure, the horses react, we back off because we have to because they're big or we weren't prepared, and the horse almost immediately gets into an avoidance cycle,” she said. “Recognize when something is not working, and change your approach before the horse becomes conditioned to avoid.” She reviewed how to prevent or overcome that avoidance pattern in five common stressful situations: Injections or Blood Collection Make them as painless as possible. Go with the finest gauge needle practical. Get in a comfortable setting. If you know the horse is uncomfortable in a confined clinic space, step outside or do it in a stall. Use as loose a restraint as is possible and a quiet manner. Use soothing, reinforcing, distracting scratching of the withers or food distractions. McDonnell said the biggest mistake she sees with injections or blood draws is people not stabilizing their hand on the horse before the needle touches him. “Stabilizing the hand seems to convey security to the horse, and if the horse should move, you’re much less likely to have to do multiple sticks,” she said. She says you can—and should—teach an old pony new tricks. She illustrated with photos of a pony that responded with dangerously energetic avoidance behaviors of rearing and longeing at personnel. He needed “counterconditioning.” McDonnell said she put a pan of grain on the ground at the same time she brought the needle out of her pocket. He couldn’t go for the grain and rear at the same time. “It doesn’t make sense that it works with these cases of dangerously avoiding behaviors, but it does,” she said. “You could also do ‘target’ and ‘clicker’ training, where you teach a horse to hold his nose to a target. They learn quickly.” Oral Treatments Again, choose a comfortable environment with minimal restraint. McDonnell said it’s a bit of an art to learn to confine the horse without him feeling trapped, yet not able to back away from you completely. Survey the situation so you don’t accidentally punish the horse, for instance, by leaving a water bucket on the wall he might back up into. Mary Poppins said a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down, and McDonnel said that, actually, a sweet syrup loaded into the syringe ahead of and behind the medication is a good idea. And dip the tip of the syringe into something sweet, like light corn syrup, as an extra incentive for the horse to behave. Ideally, you want the horse’s head at your waist level to administer oral medications (entice him to lower his head using food). Stabilize the syringe against the side of the horse’s face, and keep the tip pointed down to the corners of his lips. As you get near the crease, the horse will sense the sweet, and open his mouth as if to ask for it. Rotate the syringe gently onto the tongue, avoiding the gums, teeth and palate while administering the treatment. You can condition the horse to eagerly take his medicine by giving him a syringe of sweet syrup once a day for 10 days. Ophthalmic Treatments Horses learn quickly how to avoid eye treatments, but they can unlearn the avoidance behavior just as quickly. You need a safe, comfortable environment with minimal restraint and a food treat to maintain their positive, motivational interest. Food helps encourage the horse to lower his head and helps him stay in a forward focus. Most horses will want to get to the food more than they want to avoid the treatment. Direct the focus by moving the food so the horse’s head is at a level comfortable for you to treat his eye. Again, stabilize your hand against the face so that if the horse moves, you can maintain contact and be less likely to poke the eye. Deposit the treatment at the inside corner of the eye. It will migrate on its own. Don’t “paint” the eye. Give a treat before and after administering the ointment. The Lip Twitch While often misused, said McDonnell, twitches can be helpful when applied appropriately. She said the important thing is to reach for a twitch right away, rather than in response to a situation already gone bad. Like tranquilizers, twitches are more challenging to apply and less effective once the animal is agitated. In a calm, quiet, confident, unhurried, and efficient manner, give a treat, and then put the twitch on. Don’t put it on too tight or lead the horse by it. For the first 3 to 5 minutes, the twitch is annoying, which can distract the horse from a procedure, but there’s no analgesic (pain-relieving) benefit to the horse. After that, endorphin levels reach an effective level. You’ll see the horse relax or have a glazed look in his eye as he experiences about 10 minutes of analgesia. It’s important to remove the twitch when you see the horse first begin to be restless. He’s approaching “blow” stage, where the endorphins will have worn off, she said. Procedures will be more painful than normal. The horse will eventually be able to run you over or “explode” off the twitch and will be left with a bad impression. Just as the you remove the twitch, offer the horse a treat and rub his nose. If you aren’t finished with the procedure, allow the horse to rest a few minutes, and repeat the twitching, making sure to keep it all a positive experience. Intranasal Vaccines Merck Animal Health arranged for McDonnell to help develop the least upsetting way of delivering an intranasal vaccine. If you’ve ever seen a horse get an “up the nose” vaccine, you know they only have to receive it once to avoid it in the future. At the New Bolton lab, they worked from the behavioral aspects, but also with the actual applicator. Merck came up with a short, easy-to-use applicator that sprays a fine mist into the horse’s nose and doesn’t require reaching the applicator up into the nostrils. Of course, the same rules of handling apply—minimal restraint, nonconfrontational manner, and don’t forget a treat before and after vaccination. Take-Home Message You don’t have to be confrontational to teach your horse to behave for veterinary procedures. Research has shown that positive-reinforcement-based handling and training can produce positive results and a happy horse. About the Author Maureen Gallatin Maureen Gallatin is a freelance writer, founder of Horses on a Mission, and author of the inspirational devotional, An Extra Flake. Stay on top of the most recent Horse Health news with FREE weekly newsletters from TheHorse.com. Learn More Free Newsletters Sign up for the latest in: Horse Health Nutrition Soundness & Lameness In-Depth Welfare & Industry News Farm & Barn Breeding Older Horse Care Sports Medicine Vet & Professional Equine Behavior Reader Favorites Important Messages from TheHorse.com From our partners Bluegrass Equine Digest TheHorse.com Partner Emails Email Related Content Blog An Open Letter to Drivers Who Aren't Horse People Download Infectious Disease: EPM (AAEP Convention 2012) Download Gastrointestinal Tract (AAEP Convention 2012) Download Managing Emergencies (AAEP Convention 2012) Download Reproduction (AAEP Convention 2012) Download Joint Injections (AAEP Convention 2012) Download Equine Dental Care (AAEP Convention 2012) Download Stem Cell Therapy (AAEP Convention 2012) Download Top Equine Studies of 2012 (AAEP Convention 2012) Download Veterinary Ethics (AAEP Convention 2012) PrevNext POLL: Big Spender What is the most expensive item you expect to purchase for your horse this year? Tell us about it in the comments! Saddle and/or tack Feed and hay Horse trailer Pickup Farm equipment (tractor, manure spreader, etc.) Medications or veterinary treatment Other (please specify) Comments. 100 Characters Max View Results Horse Care How to care for the basic health needs of horses Diseases and Conditions Horse-health-problem risk factors, prevention, diagnosis, and treatment Nutrition Proper feeding practices for foals, adult horses, and older horses Lameness Prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of leg lameness Hoof Care Prevention and treatment for problems of the equine foot Farm and Barn Design and maintain a healthy horse operation Breeding and Reproduction Horse breeding from planning through foal care Vet and Professional News and issues for equine health professionals Sports Medicine All aspects of caring for performance horses Welfare and Industry Discussions about the welfare of our equine friends Topics A-Z Recent News Lawsuit Filed Over Allegedly Mishandled Stored Semen An Arkansas women claims an equine reproduction facility mishandled semen from her now-deceased Missouri Fox Trotter. Read More Fixing Treatment Aversion in Horses The Horse, Zoetis Partner for Parasite Awareness House Members Reintroduce PAST Act Reining In Equine Infectious Respiratory Diseases Security Protocols for Horses in 2017 Blue Grass Stakes AAEP Announces 2017 Continuing Education Opportunities Barr Introduces Equine Tax Bills Special Shirt, Girth Help Evaluate Horse, Human Interaction View More Event Coverage International Hoof Care Summit 2017 Cincinnati, Ohio AAEP Convention 2016 Orlando, Florida BEVA Congress 2016 Birmingham, England ACT Conference 2016 Asheville, North Carolina     Videos News/Interviews Seminars Vet Procedures Featured Series How-To Webcasts Products 5 Things You Need to Know Slideshows Infographics Slideshow Forages for Feeding Horses Slideshow Horse Grains and Feeds Slideshow The Horse's Countdown to Spring Challenge Free Reports Fact Sheets Quick references of horse conditions, diseases & health topics Special Reports In-depth reports on many aspects of horse health care Convention Reports Detailed summaries of conventions and seminars on horse health Forms Featured Free Reports Special Report Equine Pastern Dermatitis Convention Report 2016 BEVA Congress Wrap Up Special Report Equine Influenza Blogs Across the Fence At Home with Horses Horse Sense (and Sensibility) Horses and the Law Old Horses: Better With Age Smart Horse Keeping The Horse 911: What's Your Emergency? The Winning Edge Trail Riding with The Horse Weird Horse News Commentary Equine Behavior Horse Nutrition Featured Blogs Old Horses: Better With Age Keep 'Em Moving, Part II Horse Sense (and Sensibility) The Devil Is in the Details Smart Horse Keeping My Mustang Isn't Who I Thought She Was Adopt a Horse Browse horses that are FREE to a good home. All Breeds Thoroughbreds Standardbreds List Your Horse Add your FREE horse to our list of adoptable horses. List Your Horse Horses that Found a Home Adoption Resources Learn more about adoption, whether you’re adopting a horse or giving a horse away. Featured Adoptable Horse She's a gem Mairead She's been an easy keeper. No medical issues. Rides English. Forward but not crazy. Requires firm hand so a slightly advanced rider would be best suited. Up to date on shots, farrier etc. Read More Farm Call: Your Questions Answered Q&As about caring for your horse Event Calendar Find upcoming horse health educational events Glossary Look up the meaning of horse health terms TheHorse.com en Español Articulos en Español (Articles in Spanish) Normal Vital Signs Healthy temperature, heart, & respiration rates Weight Calculator Estimate your horse's weight Mare Gestation Calculator Estimate your mare’s foaling date Polls Users weigh in on horse health care New Products Recently launched horse health products Get-A-DVM Find an AAEP veterinarian near you Podcasts Ask TheHorse Live The Horse's experts answer your questions during a monthly live audio event. Weekly Horse Health Report A weekly discussion on horse health topics. Featured Podcasts Upcoming Live Event: Apr 13, 8:00 PM EDT Managing and Caring for the EMS Horse Listen Now! Help, My Horse Was Exposed to EHV! Listen Now! Equine Herpesvirus Update Sign up for Free Newsletters Get the latest news and information on horse health care. Horse Health Nutrition Soundness & Lameness In-Depth Welfare & Industry News Farm & Barn Breeding Older Horse Care Sports Medicine Vet & Professional Equine Behavior Reader Favorites Important Messages from TheHorse.com From our partners Bluegrass Equine Digest TheHorse.com Partner Emails Name Email In the March 2017 Issue: Cover Story Mares Behaving Badly: Is It Estrus or Something Else? Find out if her frustrating antics are due to estrus, and learn about ways to keep them in check. Also in this issue: First-Aid Basics, Part 2 Clear and Present Danger: Disease Defense Feeding Horses with Endocrine Disorders The Springtime Sweep Special AAEP Convention Wrap-Up Buy This Issue Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Edition Shop The Horse Books & Products The Horse Magazine Back Issues Magazine Subscriptions eBooks Educational Materials Apparel and GIfts Sale   Featured Products Equine Body Condition Score Poster I make dirt, sweat, and slobber look good! T-shirt     Partners in Equine Health AAEP AAEVT WEVA Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube RSS Digital Edition Subscribe Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Buy A Copy Help Meet the Staff Freelance Info Terms of Use Privacy Policy Community Policy Cookie Policy Seek the advice of a qualified veterinarian before proceeding with any diagnosis, treatment, or therapy. Copyright © 2017 The Horse Media Group LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without written permission of The Horse Media Group LLC is prohibited. THE HORSE, THE HORSE logo, THEHORSE.COM and THEHORSE.COM logo are trademarks of The Horse Media Group LLC.
× Ad Blocker Interference Detected It looks like you're using an ad blocker, which blocks not only this site's ads but also article content. Please whitelist this site to be able to see all the articles, without missing out on important news. Firefox: Click ad blocker icon in menu bar and then click "Disable on naturalnews.com" to whitelist. Chrome: Click ad blocker icon in menu bar and then click "Enabled on this site" to whitelist. Opera: Click ad blocker icon in menu bar and then click "Enabled on this site" to whitelist. Internet Explorer: Click Tools icon in menu bar then click "Manage add-ons". In Manage Add-ons windows, find ad blocker add-on and disable it. It will apply after restart IE. Naturalnews.com Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com The insane vaccine industry now wants you FIRED from your job if you aren’t vaccinated Sunday, April 02, 2017 by: D. Samuelson Tags: health freedom at risk, HPV, mandatory workplace vaccines, Medical Tyranny, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Vaccine industry run amuck, World Mercury Project, zostavax (Natural News) You may work for a company that has initiated a “workplace wellness program” as part of their human resources health care offerings. These programs could include classes to quit smoking, lose weight, ease stress or any other type of exercise or action that your company believes fits under the guise of “disease prevention.” Under Obamacare, which goes under the Orwellian name of the “Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,” employers that offer wellness programs, says Healthimpactnews.com, can get “rewards of up to 50% off of insurance premiums” for individuals who sign up. So there’s quite an incentive for employers to get their workers involved. A new bill called H.R. 1313, sponsored and introduced by Virginia Foxx (R-NC), appears to be “a threat to anyone participating in these programs.” Why?  Hidden in the legalese of H.R. 1313 is a loophole where companies may have the power to mandate that their employees get vaccines as part of the wellness program in order to keep their jobs. This way, the company can be in compliance to the federal “government’s endorsed standard of care, which includes receipt of federally recognized vaccines.” The draconian march toward forced vaccinations has gained more ground than you may realize. According to the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) there are 134 bills in 35 states that have been introduced to “restrict, eliminate or expand vaccine exemptions” as well as bills to “shame school children with vaccine exemptions.” The President and co-founder of NVIC, Barbara Loe Fisher, a staunch advocate for health freedom and informed consent, urges all concerned to get involved in the fight against forced vaccinations. One thing is absolutely certain. The pharmaceutical industry will not back down from concocting vaccines. It matters not who is injured or maimed. The most recent Merck & Co. disaster is the vaccine for shingles they named Zostavax. Fiercepharma.com reports there have been “thousands of complaints,” with injuries ranging from shingles, to blindness, paralysis, brain damage and death. Merck happens to also be the producer of the Gardasil HPV vaccine that has been pushed on females 9 – 26 since its FDA approval in 2006. It has since expanded the market to include males.  A  2015 report from Lifesitenews.com detailed over 50 cases of serious medical injury to Canadian teens after taking the HPV shot and “in the U.S., more than 100 deaths and tens of thousands of reports of adverse actions.” The controversy concerning the link between autism and vaccines continues. While President Trump made overtures to Robert F. Kennedy Jr. early in his administration about Kennedy leading a commission to study those links, there’s been little news since. On the other hand, Kennedy has only become more vocal with his World Mercury Project. He, along with Robert DeNiro, made a $100,000 offer to anyone who can provide a peer reviewed scientific study stating that thimerosal, a mercury containing preservative, “is safe in the amounts contained in vaccines currently being administered to American children and pregnant women.” Health Ranger Mike Adams has also chimed in on this subject with his own challenge. While we understand that children are the most vulnerable to the toxic effects of vaccines, the idea that H.R. 1313 could be used to force employees to take whatever vaccine their employer deemed necessary means that all are vulnerable to the pharmaceutical vaccine cartel and their sorcery. It’s imperative to keep informed and stand against their medical tyranny. Sources: HealthImpactNews.com NVIC.com YouTube.com Fiercepharma.com LifeSiteNews.com WorldMercuryProject.org Science.NaturalNews.com YouTube.com Previous :Lack of sleep said to be health time bomb, the “next sugar” Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on health freedom at risk The insane vaccine industry now wants you FIRED from your job if you aren’t vaccinated Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-02-the-insane-vaccine-industry-now-wants-you-fired-from-your-job-if-you-arent-vaccinated.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-02-the-insane-vaccine-industry-now-wants-you-fired-from-your-job-if-you-arent-vaccinated.html">The insane vaccine industry now wants you FIRED from your job if you aren’t vaccinated</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com Avoid these leftovers lurking in your fridge, they could make you sick - NaturalNews.com The corrupt vaccine industry has the means and motive to stage a massive false flag “outbreak” to demand nationwide vaccine mandates - NaturalNews.com Zika virus vaccine will genetically re-engineer your DNA - NaturalNews.com America has collapsed into a PHARMA STATE run by government-protected drug cartels - NaturalNews.com How to construct a “bugout” home for $250 - NaturalNews.com 10 Foods your liver loves you to consume - NaturalNews.com When society collapses, you are far more likely to be killed by disease than by human violence - NaturalNews.com New study claims using GPS “disables” parts of the human brain - NaturalNews.com Glyphosate contamination will cause 50% of children to be autistic by 2025, according to researcher Canola is the new margarine - throw it all out Scientists have discovered a way to destroy cancer tumors using nothing but sound waves - NaturalNews.com 82% of households are now purchasing organic items - NaturalNews.com FAKE SCIENCE? Video game research says “end of the world” apocalyptic scenarios will see humans calmly helping others rather than panicking - NaturalNews.com Cholesterol is NOT the enemy: It's inflammation that's making you fat and killing you slowly Bye bye Coumadin, so long Plavix - Say hello to five natural blood thinners that protect against strokes and blood clots Banned video reveals the horrors of Venezuela’s starving population - NaturalNews.com Vaccine Injury Denialism is the denial of fundamental human dignity… see this highly emotional video of children damaged by vaccines - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger awarded U.S. patent for breakthrough anti-radiation formula that eliminates Cesium-137 from your body - NaturalNews.com Scientists have discovered a way to destroy cancer tumors using nothing but sound waves - NaturalNews.com Healthy eyes – Creating clear vision naturally - NaturalNews.com Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Banned video reveals the horrors of Venezuela’s starving population - NaturalNews.com BULLETPROOF BRAIN: Health Ranger lecture reveals secrets of protecting your brain from aluminum and mercury in mandatory vaccines - NaturalNews.com Bill in West Virginia would BAN homeschooling, treating it as child abuse - NaturalNews.com Earthquake scientists have been totally WRONG: Quake risk “dramatically underestimated” warns new report - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Avoid these leftovers lurking in your fridge, they could make you sick - NaturalNews.com Five new websites to bookmark for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com FAKE SCIENCE on parade as exact opposite news headlines appear right next to each other, citing the exact same study - NaturalNews.com Vaccine Injury Denialism is the denial of fundamental human dignity… see this highly emotional video of children damaged by vaccines - NaturalNews.com New bill would allow farmers to sue Monsanto if GMO crops invade their property - NaturalNews.com FACT CHECK: Yes, the CDC and FDA both confirm African Green Monkey kidney cells are put in vaccines used across the U.S. - NaturalNews.com 8 ways to make healthy organic soil for your garden - NaturalNews.com The corrupt vaccine industry has the means and motive to stage a massive false flag “outbreak” to demand nationwide vaccine mandates - NaturalNews.com CDC document bombshell reveals list of all vaccine excipients, including “African Green Monkey Kidney Cells” and fibroblast cells from aborted human fetuses … see the complete list - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com How Big Pharma gets away with selling crystal meth to children: By renaming it 'Adderall' BREAKING: CDC confirms Natural News 100% CORRECT on report of African Green Monkey kidney cells used in vaccines - NaturalNews.com VACCINE STUDY: Peer-reviewed study shows vaccinated children have a 700% higher chance of neurodevelopmental disorder - NaturalNews.com Brand name processed foods found laced with glyphosate weed killer… Cheerios, Wheaties and more - NaturalNews.com Countless teenage girls suffer paralysis, blood clots, brain damage and chronic pain from force-vaccination of Gardasil’s HPV “shot in the dark” - NaturalNews.com Woman accidentally cremated while still alive - NaturalNews.com Heartbreaking letter from dying EPA scientist begs Monsanto “moles” inside the agency to stop lying about dangers of RoundUp (glyphosate) - NaturalNews.com Vitamin C breakthrough discovery: Low-cost nutrient halts growth of cancer stem cells… 1000% more effective than cancer drug… peer-reviewed science confirms powerful effects - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Meet Dr. Jack Wolfson, a courageous cardiologist willing to tell the truth about modern medicine Vault 7 bombshell just vindicated every conspiracy theorist: The CIA can spy on anyone through TVs, iPhones, smart phones and Windows PCs - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Vaccine overload disorder is sweeping the nation while MDs are calling it anything but what it really is - NaturalNews.com Five new websites to bookmark for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease 10 health benefits of cucumbers CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News How To Alkalize Your pH and Remove Acid Build-Up (Naturalnewsblogs.com) Moringa: The power-packed plant (Naturalnewsblogs.com) Apple Cider Vinegar Dosage for Optimum Health Benefits (Naturalnewsblogs.com) Babies being fed dangerous pesticides through toxic breastmilk after mothers eat pesticide-laden food (Naturalnews.com) Would you try this new vegetarian burger that "bleeds?" Even if it's made from GMOs? (Naturalnews.com) BULLETPROOF BRAIN: Health Ranger lecture reveals secrets of protecting your brain from aluminum and mercury in mandatory vaccines (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor The Gold Sector's Greatest Comeback Tale Canadian heavyweight Goldcorp Inc. (NYSE: GG) has consistently been one of the most innovative “thinkers” in the global mining business. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: IPO News: Is This Extremely Secretive $4.7 Billion Company About to Go Public? Message: URL: http://bit.ly/2nEqx7m  −  two  =  one Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: IPO News: Is This Extremely Secretive $4.7 Billion Company About to Go Public? Message: URL: http://bit.ly/2nEqx7m 3  ×  5  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow Biotech and Pharma Alertsno responses IPOs IPO News: Is This Extremely Secretive $4.7 Billion Company About to Go Public? By Jack Delaney, Associate Editor, Money Morning • March 31, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website seven  −   =  four Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter IPO News: There's a massive new development out of Cambridge, Mass., the home to some of the top academic minds at Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). A secretive biotech company that doesn't sell any products somehow has a valuation of $4.7 billion. This stealthy startup is sitting on $1.3 billion in cash and has raised over $1.9 billion since its inception. Little is known about the CEO other than he reportedly has a $500 million fortune. But here's what we do now… This private company could revolutionize modern medicine, and it may go public soon if it can successfully launch a new vaccine … IPO News: The Secret $4 Billion Biotech Firm with Big Plans There are reportedly 12 drugs in its pipeline, although there are very few clues as to what the biotech firm is actually working on. According to Forbes, the company's remedies could cure everything from cancer to the Zika virus. In fact, well-known pharmaceutical companies are lining up to invest or work with the secretive group. In 2013, this private business signed a deal for a $240 million cash payment with AstraZeneca Plc. (NYSE ADR: AZN), a biopharmaceutical company worth nearly $80 billion. AstraZeneca followed that with a $140 million investment in 2014. Alexion, a rare-disease specialist, also jumped at the chance of investing with $25 million in 2014. In June 2016, Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) paid $200 million to get the biotech company's help to develop cancer vaccines. We're closely watching this company because of the success of recent healthcare IPOs. Shares of AnaptysBio Inc. (Nasdaq: ANAB) opened at $16 per share on Jan. 2 and opened this morning at $29.17 per share. Must Read – Spotify IPO: The Secret Way You could Make Up to 156% in Profit That's an increase of 82% in just over two months. Of course, finding news about the tight-lipped firm hasn't been easy. But because of an obscure lawsuit, there's more information available about the secretive company than ever before. Here's the scoop on what could be the biggest healthcare IPO this year… This Could Be the Biggest IPO News of 2017 Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: IPOs Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 5  −   =  3 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT The Gold Sector's Greatest Comeback Tale Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Biotech and Pharma Alerts (this article) IPO Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 1, 2017 By Money Morning News Team Leave a Comment Will the Stock Market Crash as the Fed Hikes Rates? March 31, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Index Falls 65 Points as Q1 Comes to a Close March 31, 2017 By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment Invest in Silver Today for a 31.5% Profit in 2017 Trending Posts 9333 Reads 29 Likes Price of Gold Today Continues 2017 Rate Hike Rally The price of gold today continues the recent rate hike rally. But the surging dollar this week has worried investors. Here's why gold will still rally in 2017... 3946 Reads 212 Likes The Social Security Trust Fund Is Just a Stack of IOUs in a West Virginia Filing Cabinet The Social Security Trust Fund vital to keeping the program solvent is nothing but paper IOUs. Here's why this will become a serious problem by 2020... Today's Markets DJIA -65.27 (0.31%) 20,663.22 NASDAQ -2.60 (0.04%) 5,911.74 S&P -5.34 (0.23%) 2,362.72 AZN 0.03 (0.10%) 31.14 MRK 0.09 (0.14%) 63.54 ANAB -1.03 (-3.58%) 27.75 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Biotech and Pharma Alerts (this article) IPO Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Human Microbiome Global Market Research Scope, Commercial Analysis and Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Human Microbiome Global Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 02, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Human Microbiome Market is accounted for $130.23 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/human-microbiome-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. Applications Covered: - Diagnostics - Therapeutics Diseases Covered: - Cancer - Acute Diarrhea - Diabetes - Mental Disorders - Autoimmune Disorders - Obesity - Other Diseases Products Covered: - Foods - Drugs - Probiotics - Diagnostic Devices - Prebiotics - Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products - Other Probiotics Supplements Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 10.2 E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 10.3 ViThera Pharmaceuticals 10.4 Metabiomics Corp. 10.5 ActoGeniX 10.6 Optibiotix Health Plc 10.7 Vedanta Biosciences, Inc. 10.8 MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC 10.9 Second Genome, Inc. 10.10 ENTEROME Bioscience 10.11 Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. 10.12 Osel, Inc. 10.13 AvidBiotics 10.14 Rebiotix Inc., 10.15 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.16 Seres Therapeutics Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Infectious Diseases Public Health Respiratory Diseases and Disorders Pharmaceuticals All Journal News Cell Biology Blood Disorders Surgery Personalized Medicine Digestive Disorders U.S. Politics National Infrastructure Zika Virus U.S. Supreme Court U.S. National Security International Law Recently Deceased Influenza European Union News Cybersecurity  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions University of Warwick NYU Langone Medical Center Endocrine Society Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center American Chemical Society (ACS) University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston Kansas State University Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   < Previous Article Return to Article List Next Article > Researchers Find Knee Replacement Surgery May Have Minimal Effect on Quality of Life and Unattractive Economic Outcomes Article ID: 671850 Released: 27-Mar-2017 10:05 AM EDT Source Newsroom: Mount Sinai Health System Add to Favorites more news from this source contact patient services Share MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CHANNELS Bone Health, Healthcare, Surgery, Transplantation, Local - New York, Local - New York Metro KEYWORDS Mount Sinai Health System, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, Population Health, population health policy, Health Economics, care delivery, Orthopaedic, Knee Replacement Surgery + Show More EMBARGOED UNTIL March 28, 6:30 pm ET Contact: Marni Goldstein Mount Sinai Press Office (212) 241-9200 Newsmedia@mssm.edu Researchers Find Knee Replacement Surgery May Have Minimal Effect on Quality of Life and Unattractive Economic Outcomes Newswise — (NEW YORK — April 1, 2017) Knee replacement surgery for patients with osteoarthritis, as currently used, provides minimal improvements in quality of life and is economically unattractive, according to a study led by Mount Sinai researchers and published today in the BMJ. However, if the procedure was only offered to patients with more severe symptoms, its effectiveness would rise, and its use would become economically more attractive as well, the researchers said. “Given its limited effectiveness in individuals with less severely affected physical function, performance of total knee replacement in these patients seems to be economically unjustifiable,” said Bart Ferket, MD, PhD, Assistant Professor, Department of Population Health Science and Policy at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and lead author on the study. “Considerable cost savings could be made by limiting eligibility to patients with more symptomatic knee osteoarthritis. Our findings emphasize the need for more research comparing total knee replacement with less expensive, more conservative interventions, particularly in patients with less severe symptoms.” About 12 percent of adults in the United States are affected by osteoarthritis of the knee. The annual rate of total knee replacement has doubled since 2000, mainly due to expanding eligibility to patients with less severe physical symptoms. The number of procedures performed each year now exceeds 640,000 at a total annual cost of about $10.2 billion, yet health benefits are higher in those with more severe symptoms before surgery. A team of researchers from the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and Erasmus University Medical Center in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, set out to evaluate the impact of total knee replacement on quality of life in people with knee osteoarthritis. They also wanted to estimate differences in lifetime costs and quality adjusted life years or QALYs (a measure of years lived and health during these years) according to level of symptoms. They analyzed data from two U.S. cohort studies: one with 4,498 participants aged 45-79 with or at high risk for knee osteoarthritis from the Osteoarthritis Initiative (OAI), and the other involving 2,907 patients from the Multicenter Osteoarthritis Study (MOST). OAI participants were followed up for nine years and MOST patients were followed up for two years. Quality of life was measured using a recognized score of physical and mental function, known as SF-12, and using some osteoarthritis-specific quality of life scores. They found that quality of life outcomes generally improved after knee replacement surgery, although the effect was small. The improvements in quality of life outcomes were found higher when patients with lower physical scores before surgery were operated on. In a cost-effectiveness analysis, current practice was more expensive and in some cases seemed even less effective compared with scenarios in which total knee replacement was performed only in patients with lower physical function. “Our findings show opportunity for optimizing delivery of total knee replacement in a cost-effective way, finding the patients who will benefit the most, delivering the treatment at the correct point in their disease progression, and optimizing the cost so we can deliver the benefit to all who need it,” said Madhu Mazumdar, PhD, Director of the Institute for Healthcare Delivery Science at the Mount Sinai Health System, Professor of Biostatistics, Department of Population Health Science and Policy at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, and co-author of the study. Funding for the cohort studies used in the analysis was provided by the National Institutes of Health, Merck Research Laboratories, Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, GlaxoSmithKline, and Pfizer. Dr. Ferket is supported by the American Heart Association. The researchers have no competing interests to disclose. About the Mount Sinai Health System The Mount Sinai Health System is an integrated health system committed to providing distinguished care, conducting transformative research, and advancing biomedical education. Structured around seven hospital campuses and a single medical school, the Health System has an extensive ambulatory network and a range of inpatient and outpatient services—from community-based facilities to tertiary and quaternary care. The System includes approximately 7,100 primary and specialty care physicians; 12 joint-venture ambulatory surgery centers; more than 140 ambulatory practices throughout the five boroughs of New York City, Westchester, Long Island, and Florida; and 31 affiliated community health centers. Physicians are affiliated with the renowned Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, which is ranked among the highest in the nation in National Institutes of Health funding per investigator. The Mount Sinai Hospital is in the “Honor Roll” of best hospitals in America, ranked No. 15 nationally in the 2016-2017 “Best Hospitals” issue of U.S. News & World Report. The Mount Sinai Hospital is also ranked as one of the nation’s top 20 hospitals in Geriatrics, Gastroenterology/GI Surgery, Cardiology/Heart Surgery, Diabetes/Endocrinology, Nephrology, Neurology/Neurosurgery, and Ear, Nose & Throat, and is in the top 50 in four other specialties. New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai is ranked No. 10 nationally for Ophthalmology, while Mount Sinai Beth Israel, Mount Sinai St. Luke's, and Mount Sinai West are ranked regionally. Mount Sinai’s Kravis Children’s Hospital is ranked in seven out of ten pediatric specialties by U.S. News & World Report in "Best Children's Hospitals." For more information, visit http://www.mountsinai.org/, or find Mount Sinai on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. # # # Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2017 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 1.4181 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
