Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Health News The international panels included voices as diverse as Shares1 Sat, 20 May 2017-12:39pm , PTI government representatives of South Africa (Ministry of Basic Education), UN representatives of education, children's and health priorities (UNICEF, Every Woman for Every Child/UN, UNAIDS), Brazilian and Indian community-based organizations (Inmed Brazil, Smile Foundation) having huge impacts on the ground, business consultants to the health industry McKinsey), and the World Obesity Federation. The event marked an important milestone in Merck Consumer Health's journey to "Prepare society for a new era of humans living 100 healthy years". This business purpose is at the heart of Merck Consumer Health's WE100 movement, aimed at raising awareness of healthy living, for people of all ages. While the report and the debate helped to focus the global conversation, it seems to be even more crucial to create and take action. WE100 is Merck's commitment to do so. Note for editors: The Global Consumer Health Debate entitled "100 Healthy Years: Are Kids Prepared?" took place in Darmstadt, Germany, on Thursday, 18 May 2017. Further information, including the EIU study, are available at http://www.merck-consumer-health.com/en/industry/industry.html The global reach of the EIU study drew participants from the following countries: Brazil, Germany, India, Saudi Arabia and South Africa. Merck Consumer Health on Twitter:@Merck_CH / https://twitter.com/merck_ch WE100 on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/WE100/ About the Consumer Health business of Merck Brands of the Consumer Health business, such as Neurobion(R), Bion(R), Nasivin(R), Seven Seas(R), Dolo-Neurobion(R), and Femibion(R) are innovative leaders in key markets, backed by science and trusted by consumers worldwide. The Consumer Health business is with over 3,800 employees globally active in over 40 markets. The portfolio comprises of brands with annual total sales of about $ 1 billion. Consumer Health is a business of the Healthcare business sector within the Merck Group with global headquarters in Darmstadt,Germany. For more information please go to: http://www.merck-consumer-health.com or https://twitter.com/merck_ch. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to: http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of US Dollars 15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Contact: Lars Atorf +49-6151-856-3114 OURCE: Merck. Asianet DL 05201224 NNNN (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health You could soon say goodbye to insulin injections, thanks to a new diabetic drug Health Healthcare shame: India ranked 154th out of 195 countries ranked by Lancet Medical Journal Health Eat right to sleep well Health Pune hospital successfully conducts India's first womb transplant Health Country’s first womb transplant surgery today Health Washington: 3D printed ovary implants produce healthy offspring Live Cricket Score Ireland vs New Zealand Sun, 21 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Video WATCH: Andy Cohen makes Priyanka Chopra pick who's bigger between The Rock and Zac Efron WATCH: BJP slams UPA for hiring Pak-origin lawyer to defend India in 2004 EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA View all Tags Merck Group Brazil Germany Darmstadt South Africa UNICEF United States Canada Saudi Arabia Smile Foundation EIU Healthcare UNAIDS Basic Education EMD Serono McKinsey SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Restrictions imposed in parts of Srinagar ahead of 675 govt houses illegally occupied even after employees' death Teen spits on Muslim classmate; tries to yank off her hijab Widows of Manipur's extra-judicial killings are foot soldiers Saharanpur: 4 arrested for damaging Ambedkar statue Sport Rugby-Australia woes fan frustration in neighbouring New Zealand Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, May 21 Athletics-World Challenge Meeting Kingston men/women results Tendulkar holds special screening of his film for armed forces Rome Masters: Novak Djokovic hammers Dominic Thiem to set up Alexander Zverev final Entertainment Sushant not bothered by stories about his personal life Basu to go ahead Kishore biopic even if Ranbir is unavailable Cannes 2017: Sonam Kapoor brings 'alt-desi' chic to French Riviera My mother is not my competition: Konkona Sensharma Jennifer Garner used to babysit Stephen Colbert's daughter Money Mauritius, Singapore investors continue to see rise in assets Roca to enter premium tiles biz, eyes Rs 100 cr revenue Steel sector SMEs hope lower GST on coal will boost margins Natco Pharma gets green nod for Rs 480 cr expansion project Govt initiates work on shifting financial year to Jan-Dec Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TESARO Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TESARO Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Ligand Pharmaceuticals (LGND) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Prologis (PLD) Share Price TESARO (TSRO) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Steinhoff International Holdings NV (SNH) a €6.30 Price Target Merck KGaA (MRK) Given a €91.00 Price Target at equinet AG SAP SE (SAP) PT Set at €110.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Stake Held by NF Trinity Capital Hong Kong Ltd Teza Capital Management LLC Purchases New Position in FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) 18,301 Shares in Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corp (WMC) Acquired by Teza Capital Management LLC 8,798 Shares in American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) Acquired by Teza Capital Management LLC Fastenal Company (FAST) Position Raised by Allegis Investment Advisors LLC Teza Capital Management LLC Invests $167,000 in Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Teza Capital Management LLC Purchases New Position in Atlassian Co. PLC (TEAM) DE Burlo Group Inc. Cuts Stake in salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Teza Capital Management LLC Purchases New Position in Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Marriott International Inc (MAR) Stake Raised by Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC 1,360 Shares in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Acquired by Intrust Bank NA Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Sells 12,920 Shares of Telephone & Data Systems, Inc. (TDS) Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Position Cut by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Zacks: Analysts Expect Pacific Continental Co. (PCBK) to Post $0.33 Earnings Per Share TESARO (TSRO) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about TESARO (NASDAQ:TSRO) have been trending positive on Saturday, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research group, a unit of Accern, ranks the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. TESARO earned a daily sentiment score of 0.39 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media stories about the biopharmaceutical company an impact score of 94 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the media stories that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment’s analysis: Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG (badhub.net) What Are Analysts Report About Gilead Sciences Inc. (GILD) (leisuretravelaid.com) TESARO, Inc. – Value Analysis (NASDAQ:TSRO) : May 18, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) The TESARO Inc (TSRO) Announces Earnings Results – BangaloreWeekly (bangaloreweekly.com) HC Stocks Reports=> Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK), TESARO Inc (TSRO) – usstockjournal (usstockjournal.com) TSRO has been the subject of several research reports. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $238.00 target price on shares of TESARO in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Cowen and Company initiated coverage on TESARO in a research report on Monday, February 6th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $155.00 target price for the company. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reaffirmed an “average” rating and issued a $190.00 target price on shares of TESARO in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Leerink Swann cut TESARO from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $186.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Friday, February 10th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, FBR & Co cut TESARO from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $151.00 to $202.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $172.30. Shares of TESARO (NASDAQ:TSRO) traded down 1.86% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $152.34. The stock had a trading volume of 905,145 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $8.21 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $144.45 and its 200 day moving average price is $149.10. TESARO has a 1-year low of $36.71 and a 1-year high of $192.94. TESARO (NASDAQ:TSRO) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($2.55) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($2.26) by $0.29. TESARO had a negative return on equity of 141.88% and a negative net margin of 798.68%. The business had revenue of $3.10 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.84 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($2.22) earnings per share. TESARO’s quarterly revenue was up 909.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that TESARO will post ($8.72) EPS for the current fiscal year. In related news, SVP Martin H. Jr. Huber sold 829 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.02, for a total transaction of $126,853.58. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 6,522 shares in the company, valued at approximately $997,996.44. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, VP Edward C. English sold 229 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $177.61, for a total value of $40,672.69. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 625 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $111,006.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 16,432 shares of company stock valued at $2,902,602. 40.50% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “TESARO (TSRO) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/tesaro-tsro-earns-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-39.html. TESARO Company Profile TESARO, Inc is an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company. The Company operates through the business of developing and commercializing of oncology-focused therapeutics segment. It is developing oncology-related product candidates, including rolapitant, niraparib and the product candidates under its immuno-oncology platform. Receive News & Ratings for TESARO Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TESARO Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) Dow 30 20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) Nasdaq 6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) New Research Reports for Britol-Myers, Pricline & Phillips 66 Sheraz Mian Zacks May 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Friday, May 19, 2017 The Zacks Research Daily presents the best research output of our analyst team. Today’s publication features new research reports on 16 major stocks, including Bristol-Myers (BMY), Priceline (PCLN) and Phillips 66 (PSX). These research reports have been hand-picked from the roughly 70 reports published by our analyst team today. You can see all of today’s research reports here >>> Bristol-Myers shares have underperformed the broader market as well as the large cap pharma group this year, losing -8% in the year-to-date period, on persistent concerns about generic competition for several of its key products, particularly the HCV franchise. These headwinds notwithstanding, the Zacks analyst likes the company’s improving operating outlook as reflected in management’s raised guidance at the time of the Q1 earnings release. Bristol-Myers’ key products should continue to fuel top line growth. Meanwhile, Bristol-Myers is working on expanding the Opdivo label which should boost results as well. With the FDA approving Merck’s Keytruda, for the first-line treatment of metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, the company is expected to see further loss of market share. (You can read the full research report on Bristol-Myers here >>>) Priceline shares performed in-line with the Zacks ecommerce industry over the last one year, gaining +43.7% vs. +44.3% and outperforming the broader Technology sector as well as the S&P 500 index. The stock has lost ground following the May 9th quarterly release when it beat on EPS and essentially in-line revenues, but offered a subdued outlook for the current period and beyond. The soft guidance notwithstanding, the Zacks analyst likes Priceline’s strong position in international markets, good execution, prudent marketing strategy and strong financial position. The secular growth trend in the online travel booking market and growth opportunities in the domestic market are other positives. On the flip side, weaker average daily room rates, macro headwinds, increasing advertising spend and occupancy tax-related litigation remain overhangs. (You can read the full research report on Priceline here >>>) Phillips 66 shares have done better than the Zacks oil refining & marketing industry, but they have lagged the Zacks Energy sector (the stock is down -9.4% vs. -12.4% for the industry and -8% for the Zacks Energy sector). The company’s above peer group performance this year reflects the size, efficiency and strength of each of its operations. The company is on track to fortify its position in every business segment by streamlining its asset portfolio and investing in growth opportunities. The Zacks analyst likes Phillips 66’s intention to allocate money for higher margin business units like Midstream and Chemicals instead of extensive refining and marketing operations. During first-quarter 2017, the company posted better-than-expected results following higher margins from the Refining and Chemicals businesses. However, the company’s bottom line deteriorated year-over-year owing to reduced volumes from turnaround activities and increased expenses. (You can read the full research report on Phillips 66 here >>>) Other noteworthy reports we are featuring today include PG&E Corp. (PCG), Newell Brands (NWL) and Autodesk (ADSK). Free Access: All Zacks Research Reports Starting today, you are invited to download in-depth analysis reports covering more than 1,000 of the most widely followed stocks. Valued at $25 each, they are yours to consult over the next 30 days absolutely free. They feature sensitive Zacks Rank information on each stock that you won't find anywhere else. See the reports free >> Sheraz Mian Director of Research Note: Sheraz Mian heads the Zacks Equity Research department and is a well-regarded expert of aggregate earnings. He is frequently quoted in the print and electronic media and publishes the weekly Earnings Trends and Earnings Preview reports. If you want an email notification each time Sheraz publishes a new article, please click here>>> Today's Must Read Bristol-Myers (BMY) Q1 Results Solid, Opdivo Faces Pressure Priceline (PCLN) Q1 Earnings Shine, Revenues Miss Read More Phillips 66 (PSX) Q1 Earnings Beat Estimates, Fall Y/Y Featured Reports PG&E Corp. (PCG) Tops Q1 Earnings, Sales; Keeps EPS View The Zacks analyst thinks a stable liquidity position and meaningful investments helped PG&E Corp. to generate better-than-expected result in Q1. Autodesk (ADSK) Q1 Loss Wider Than Expected, Revenues Beat The covering analyst thinks Autodesk's business transition from licenses to cloud-based services is expected to benefit it in the long run. Newell Brands (NWL) Tops Q1 Earnings and Sales, Ups EPS View The Zacks analyst thinks Newell looks good backed by its surprise trend for almost seven years and a raised earnings view for 2017. Southern Company's (SO) Q1 Retail Sales Fall, Costs Rise The covering analyst is pessimistic about the costs and leverage of the Southern Company which may deteriorate further due to its Kemper and Vogtle projects which are facing delays and cost overruns. ArcelorMittal (MT) Swings to Profit in Q1, Earnings Top The Zacks analyst is encouraged by its actions to cut debt & costs and expand capacity, which should lead to better operational performance. Alleghany Corporation (Y) Misses Q1 Earnings Estimates Alleghany's first-quarter 2017 earnings missed expectations and declined year over year. The decline can be attributed to lower net premiums. Host Hotels (HST) Q1 Result Solid, Supply Rise a Concern The covering analyst thinks Host Hotels' solid Q1 result backed by growth in comparable hotel revenues and improvement in margins is encouraging. New Upgrades United Continental (UAL) Reports 7.4% Rise in April Traffic The Zacks analyst likes the company's strong April traffic report. The proposed measures to improve the flying experience of travelers following the passenger fiasco on Apr 9, also raise optimism. EnerSys (ENS) Rides High on Positive Industry Trends Lwer commodity costs, favourable product mix and thriving end markets will continue to fuel EnerSys' growth. Also, the company's diligent restructuring initiatives add to its strength. Church & Dwight (CHD) Tops Q1 Results, Stock Poised for Growth Church & Dwight continued with its better-than-expected performance in first-quarter 2017 as well. Per the Zacks analyst, its robust brand portfolio coupled with strategic efforts will drive growth. New Downgrades Urban Outfitters' (URBN) Earnings & Sales Remains a Concern Urban Outfitters' top and bottom lines missed estimates for the third straight quarter, when it posted first-quarter fiscal 2018 results. Per the Zacks analyst, this may further derail the stock. Shell (RDS.A) Pressured by Renewed Oil Slump, Lofty Capex The renewed oil price slump, lofty capital spending and exposure to the violence-prone regions in Nigeria has made the covering analyst turn bearish on Royal Dutch Shell. Acxiom (ACXM) Earnings Miss, Revenues Beat Estimates in Q4 According to the Zacks analyst, weakness in the marketing services segment along with intensifying competition are primary headwinds for Acxiom. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Click for Free Phillips 66 (PSX) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Pacific Gas & Electric Co. (PCG) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Stock Analysis Report >>   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next 3 Warren Buffett Stocks for May -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool White House officials say Trump is 'undisciplined' and 'self-destructive' Business Insider Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Finance 11 judges will soon decide the fate of a polarizing US agency Yahoo Finance I'm convinced everyone overlooks the best deal at Trader Joe's — and it isn't food Business Insider UK Nvidia Horus Yahoo Finance Video Leon Cooperman: There are four things you can do with wealth Yahoo Finance Couple who paid off $18,000 in 54 days shares their No. 1 money saving tip CNBC The White House is reportedly starting to prepare for the distant possibility of impeachment proceedings Business Insider Saudis welcome Trump with gold medal, receive arms package Associated Press One of Home Depot's Most Powerful Executives Just Gave a Master Class on How to be a Retailer The Street Nvidia-GTC-2017-Corrected Yahoo Finance Video Today's charts: Foot Locker stock tumbles; Nvidia gets a bullish call; Deere soars on earnings beat Yahoo Finance Sheriff David Clarke reportedly plagiarized parts of his master's thesis Business Insider Police: 3 men stole car, killed 6-year-old in back seat Associated Press McDonald's changed its vanilla ice cream 6 months ago, and nobody noticed CNBC Report: Sheriff Clarke Plagiarized Parts Of Thesis On Homeland Security Avbfish: This is getting old and way too obvious, but turnabout is fair play. Any Republicans out there with some free time ought to start researching papers and letters written by Democratic figureheads to "discover" plagiarism. You will. Your only challenge will be finding any media source other than Fox willing to announce it. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 431
The Genius Who Helped Unlock the Human Genome Is Taking On the Opioid Crisis Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Donate Subscribe Search Newsletter Magazine Politics Environment Media Crime and Justice Food Guns Dark Money Photos Investigations Podcasts Kevin Drum About Subscribe Donate Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Politics Environment Food Media Crime & Justice Photos Investigations Magazine Subscribe Donate Our big announcement on the Trump-Russia scandal. The Genius Who Helped Unlock the Human Genome Is Taking On the Opioid Crisis With an assist from Big Pharma. Julia LurieMay 20, 2017 6:00 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email FotografiaBasica/iStock Francis Collins, the gregarious 67-year-old who directs the National Institutes of Health, doesn't shy away from a challenge. Collins made a name for himself in the early 2000s when, as director of the Human Genome Project, he oversaw the completion of sequencing 3 billion genes. Now, as the head of the nation's foremost biomedical research engine, Collins faces a new task: finding solutions to the opioid epidemic, which killed more than 33,000 Americans in 2015. "I'd like all of us, the academics, the government, and the private sector, to think about this the way we thought about HIV/AIDs in the early 1990s, where people were dying all around us in tens of thousands." At the Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Conference last month, Collins announced a public-private partnership, in which the NIH will collaborate with biomedical and pharmaceutical companies to develop solutions to the crisis. President Donald Trump and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price "strongly supported" the idea, he said. This isn't Collins' first such partnership: During his tenure as director—Barack Obama appointed him in 2009—Collins has developed ongoing collaborations with pharmaceutical companies such as Lilly, Merck, and GlaxoSmithKline for Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, and rheumatoid arthritis. For each partnership, the NIH and the companies pool tens of millions of dollars, with the agreement that the resulting data will be public and the companies will not immediately patent treatments. The jury's still out on results—the partnerships are about halfway through their five-year timelines. But Collins, a self-described optimist, remains hopeful. "Traditionally it takes many years to go from an idea about a drug target to an approved drug," said Collins at the conference. "Yet I believe…a vigorous public private partnership could cut that time maybe even in half." I talked to Collins about the partnership, potential treatments in the pipeline, and the NIH's role in confronting the ongoing epidemic. Mother Jones: Why is a public-private partnership needed? Francis Collins: While NIH can do a lot of the good science, and we can accelerate [it] if we have resources, we aren't going to be the ones making pills. Many of the large-scale clinical trials are not done generally by us but by the drug companies. A successful outcome here—in terms of ultimately getting rid of opioids and the deaths that they cause—would not happen without full engagement by the private sector. MJ: Which companies will be involved? FC: It will be a significant proportion of the largest companies. I can't tell you the total list—as I said, the 15 largest were there. Certainly the groups that already have some drugs that are somewhere in the pipeline will be particularly interested in ways to speed that up. MJ: What do you hope will come out of it in the short term? FC: I think that we could increase the number of effective options to help people get over addiction, and [the] treatments for overdose, particularly when fentanyl is becoming such a prominent part of this dangerous situation. The current overdose treatments are not necessarily as strong as they need to be. We could make progress there pretty quickly, I think—in a matter of even a year or two—by coming up with formulations of drugs that we know work but in a fashion that would have new kinds of capabilities. [The drugs would be] stronger, as in the overdose situation, or have the potential of longer-acting effects, as in treating addiction. [It's] not necessarily a different drug, but a different formulation of the drug. And drug companies are pretty good at that. MJ: And in the long term? Without pharmaceutical companies, "we'd be completely hopeless as far as new treatment." FC: The goal really needs to be to find nonaddictive but highly potent pain medicines that can replace the use of opioids given the terrible consequences that surround their use. This will be particularly important for people who have chronic pain, where we really don't have effective treatments now. The good news is that there's a lot of really interesting science pointing us to new alternatives, [like] the idea of coming up with something that interacts with that opioid receptor but only activates the pathway that results in pain relief—not the somewhat different pathway that results in addiction. That's a pretty new discovery that could actually be workable, and a lot of effort ought to be put into that. I'd like all of us, the academics, the government, and the private sector, to think about this the way we thought about HIV/AIDs in the early 1990s, where people were dying all around us in tens of thousands. Well, that's what's happening now with opioids. This ought to be all hands on deck—what could we do to accelerate what otherwise might take a lot longer? It's interesting talking to the drug companies, who have really gotten quite motivated and seem to be determined to make a real contribution here. There are quite a number of new drugs that are in the pipeline somewhere, and they haven't been moving very quickly, because companies haven't been convinced there was enough of a market—opioids are relatively cheap. And also they've been worried that it would be hard to get new pain medicines approved if they had any side effects at all. Now that we've seen opioids have the most terrible side effect of all—namely, death—it would seem that as new analgesics come along, that the ability to approve some that might give you a stomachache now and then would probably be better. MJ: There's a lot of wariness of big pharmaceutical companies right now, given Big Pharma's role in creating this problem to begin with. How do you make sure that whatever treatments are developed are affordable? FC: That's a very big concern for everybody right now. It's front and center in these discussions about development of new drugs and pricing of existing drugs. And I don't know the full answer to that. This is just part of a larger discussion about drug pricing which applies across the board, whether we're talking about drugs for cardiovascular disease or cancer or, in this case, alternatives for opioids. But we need them. As much as people might want to say, "Oh, pharmaceutical companies, they're all just out to make money," they also have the scientific capabilities and they spend about twice what the government does on research and development. If they weren't there, we'd be completely hopeless as far as new treatment. MJ: Trump's latest budget proposes a 20 percent cut to the NIH for 2018. Are you worried about having enough funding? FC: Of course I am. And not just for this, but for all the other things that NIH is called upon to do as part of our mission. I'm an optimist, and what I have seen in my 24 years at NIH is that opportunity in medical research is not a partisan issue—it's not something that's caught up in politics most of the time. And having seen the enthusiasm represented by the Congress in their passage of the 21st Century Cures [Act] just four months ago with incredible positive bipartisan margins, I think when the dust all settles, people will look at these kinds of investments and see them as a high priority for our nation. But of course, that's my optimistic view. Get the scoop,  straight from Mother Jones. Looking for news you can trust? Subscribe to our free newsletters. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Julia Lurie Julia Lurie is a reporter at Mother Jones. You can reach her at jlurie@motherjones.com. Mother Jones is a nonprofit, and stories like this are made possible by readers like you. Donate or subscribe to help fund independent journalism. Related Trumpcare Will Make the Opioid Crisis Worse Julia Lurie Meet the 33-Year-Old Genius Solving Baltimore's Opioid Crisis Julia Lurie Top News The Foodie Backlash Is Upon Us Jenny Luna "You'll Be Hanging From A Tree." Tim Murphy The Genius Who Helped Unlock the Human Genome Is Taking On the Opioid Crisis Julia Lurie SIGN UP view comments About Us | Store Donate | Subscribe Customer Service Advertise Copyright ©2017 Mother Jones and the Foundation for National Progress. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact Us We noticed you have an ad blocker on. Support nonprofit investigative reporting by pitching in a few bucks. DONATE X
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Corticosteroids Market 2017 – GSK, Cipla, Sumitomo, Pfizer, Novartis, Merck, Sanofi, Johnson and Johnson Chicago, IL — (SBWIRE) — 05/19/2017 — Market Research Report on Corticosteroids Market 2016 is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Corticosteroids worldwide. First of all, ” Global Corticosteroids Market 2016 ” report provides a basic overview of the Corticosteroids industry including definitions, classifications, applications and Corticosteroids industry chain structure. Major Companies Covered in this report:- Sumitomo Pfizer Novartis Merck Sanofi Johnson and Johnson GSK AstraZeneca Cipla Get Sample Copy Of Report @ http://marketreports.biz/report/global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017-market#requestforsample The analysis is provided for the Corticosteroids international market including development history, Corticosteroids industry competitive landscape analysis. After that, Corticosteroids industry development policies as well as plans are discussed and manufacturing processes as well as cost structures for Corticosteroids market. This report „Worldwide Corticosteroids Market 2016” also states import/export, supply and consumption figures and Corticosteroids market cost, price, revenue and Corticosteroids market’s gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), as well as other regions can be added in Corticosteroids Market area. Then, the report focuses on worldwide Corticosteroids market key players with information such as company profiles with product picture as well as specification. Enquiry Here @ http://marketreports.biz/report/global-corticosteroids-market-research-report-2017-market#inquiryforbuying Related information to Corticosteroids market- capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Aslo includes Corticosteroids industry’s – Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Corticosteroids market development trends and Corticosteroids industry marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, „worldwide Corticosteroids market” Analysis- feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Riassunto: EB Holdings II, Inc. commenta sulla causa intentata da GoldenTree Group Next PostNext Defibrillation Disposable Medical Electrodes Market 2017 – 3M, Ambu, B. Braun, Stryker, Utah Medical, ZOLL Medical Search Recent Posts Mississippi State outfielder Brent Rooker wins fan voting portion of C Spire Ferriss Trophy honoring Mississippi’s top college baseball player Spectacular Opening Ceremony Kicks off Historic ISA World Surfing Games in Biarritz, France Unique, One of a Kind Kitchen Display System (KDS) Launches at the NRA in Chicago  Finding best restaurants in Kolkata is now quick and simple with Kolkata BizBook PhysioTru Physio Omega Review – Important Information Released by TheHealthDiaries Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Cancer Biomarkers Market by Market Share, Size Analysis and Forecast 2025 Several players operate in the global cancer biomarkers market, catering to niche segment. The global biomarkers market offers a favorable environment for competitors as there are several unique customer segments within the industry, exhibiting demand for distinct product type. However, as market players target multiple pathways, in the near future the market could witness increased competition. Abbott Laboratories, Merck & Co., Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., and bioMérieux SA are among the leading market players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a new study. View Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cancer-biomarkers-mark… Considering the dynamic business environment, a majority of the market players are focusing on achieving greater market share via product differentiation. The research and development spending is thus significantly high in the market. Besides this, several companies are aiming at expanding their footprint through acquisitions and disinvestments. As the companies continue spending on product development and technological advancements, consequently the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater opportunities for growth. According to TMR, the global cancer biomarkers market, which stood at US$10.25 bn in 2016, is expected to reach US$27.63 bn by the end of 2027. If these figures hold true, the global cancer biomarkers market will exhibit a CAGR of 11.8% between 2017 and 2025. By disease indication, the demand for cancer biomarkers was the highest for the treatment of lung cancer, which is likely to hold nearly 25.8% of the market by the end of 2017. Regionally, North America held the dominant share of 42.5% of the global market in 2016. Rising Funding for Cancer Research to Boost Growth Opportunities The market is majorly gaining from the rising discretionary funding for cancer research. Governments across most developed countries are engaged in raising funds for cancer research to aid in diagnosis and research. They are also funding clinical trials for breakthroughs in cancer treatment. As their initiatives gain pace, the cancer biomarkers market will witness greater growth opportunities. Also steps taken by the government to spread cancer awareness will help the market gain momentum. In lines with the same, the demand for cancer biomarkers will therefore rise in response to the rising incidence of cancer worldwide. To gain a stronger foothold, the leading market players are forging strategic collaborations. They are also keen on acquiring established regional players to expand their geographic footprint. Such strategies adopted by companies will have a positive influence on the market. Besides these, growing acceptance of patients towards innovative technologies and tests and novel product launches will enable the market exhibit strong growth during the forecast period. Lack of Awareness to Act as Major Restraint to Growth On the downside, the unwillingness of healthy population to participate in clinical research is acting against the market’s growth prospects. While overall, the incidence of cancer cases is surging around the world, but not many of them have access to proper treatment. This is partly due to the lack of participation in clinical trials and unavailability of patient surveillance systems. Given the scenario, low awareness and ambiguity regarding blood tests such as tumor biomarkers are inhibiting the cancer biomarker market’s trajectory. Also the high attrition rate in product development cycle is restricting the market’s growth to an extent. Nevertheless, with the advent of minimal-invasive diagnostic tests for cancer diagnosis will support the market’s growth in the near future. Minimally invasive diagnosis will provide simple and comparatively less expensive method of detecting cancer. These innovations will bring in fresh opportunities for the market players to capitalize on. Also the market will witness considerable growth opportunities as governments across emerging nations boost their healthcare spending and take steps to deliver healthcare services at par with the international standards. This review is based on a TMR report, titled “Cancer Biomarkers Market (Test Type – PSA Tests, CTC Tests, AFP Tests, CA Tests, HER2 Tests, BRCA Tests, ALK Tests, CEA Tests, EGFR Mutation Tests, and KRAS Mutation Tests; Disease Indication – Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Melanoma, Blood Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Stomach Cancer, and Liver Cancer) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2017 – 2025.” Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Cancer Biomarkers Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The report segments the global cancer biomarkers market as: Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Test Type PSA Tests CTC Tests AFP Tests CA Tests HER2 Tests BRCA Tests ALK Tests CEA Tests EGFR Mutation Tests KRAS Mutation Tests Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Disease Indication Breast Cancer Lung Cancer Colorectal Cancer Melanoma Blood Cancer Prostate Cancer Ovarian Cancer Stomach Cancer Liver Cancer Others Global Cancer Biomarkers Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe Germany France U.K. Spain Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Australia & New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Middle East and Africa GCC countries South Africa Rest of MEA About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rigaku Publishes New Article on EUVL Optical Coatings Next PostNext Biological Product Manufacturing Market by Current & Upcoming Trends Analysis 2024 Search Recent Posts The US Corporate Wellness Services Market: Size, Share, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) -Market Research Report Global Esports Market: Size, Share, Trends & Forecasts (2017-2021) – Market Research Report Strewth! A quarter of Australians would miss their mobile more than their pets Health, Fitness, Fantasy Makeovers Find Rockin’ New Home at Give Kids The World Village Targeted: Review of limit on tax advice deductions Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market 2017-2021: Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 19 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market to 2021- Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment" report to their offering. This is a comprehensive account of the market size, segmentation, key players, SWOT analysis, influential technologies, and business and economic environments. This report highlights a number of significant pharmacos and gives details of their operations, products, financials and business strategy. The personalized medicine (global & USA) market is presented as follows: By Company (e.g., Qiagen, AFFYMETRIX, ATOSSA GENETICS, NODALITY, deCode /Amgen, CELERA, MYRIAD) By Segment (Targeted therapeutics, Companion Diagnostics, Liquid Biopsies) By Sub-market (Companion diagnostic, targeted cancer therapeutic, medical technology, pharmacogenomics, consumer genomics, molecular diagnostics, liquid biopsy) By Therapy (Cancer, Cardiovascular, Infectious Disease) Key Opinion Leaders that contributed to interview questions within the report include: - Iain D. Miller, PhD, MBA, Founder & CEO, Healthcare Strategies Group - Stephen Finn, MBBS, PhD, Associate Professor, Cancer Molecular Diagnostic Laboratory, Consultant Histopathologist and Head of Histopathology, St James's Hospital and Trinity College Dublin, Ireland - Ronald Przygodzki, MD, Director, Genomic Medicine Implementation at U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Washington DC - Elaine Kenny, PhD, Founder, Elda Biotech, Dublin 2, Ireland - Chad Clark, Co-President and Chief Operating Officer, Precision for Medicine - Tobias Guennel, PhD, Principal, Biomarker and IVD Analytics, Precision for Medicine - David Parker, PhD, Vice President, Integrated Market Access, Precision for Medicine - Deborah Phippard, PhD, Vice President, Research, Precision for Medicine - Judi Smith, MS, Vice President, In Vitro Diagnostics Regulatory and Quality, Precision for Medicine A wealth of financial data & business strategy information is provided including: - Company financials, sales & revenue figures - Business Model Strategies for Diagnostic, Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Companies - Business Model Strategies for Providers. Provider Systems and Academic Medical Centres - Business Model Strategies for Payers & Governments - Private and Public Funding and Personalized Medicine Reimbursement - Revisions to Current Payment Systems and intellectual property - How to Gain Market Penetration in the EU - Cost-effectiveness and Business Value of Personalized Medicine - Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostics (e.g., BRAC Analysis, Oncotype Dx , KRAS Mutations) - Comprehensive account of company product portfolios & kits SWOT, Economic & Regulatory Environment specifics include: - Key strengths, weaknesses and threats influencing leading player position within the market - Technologies driving the market (e.g., New-Generation Sequencing Technologies, Ultra-High Throughput Sequencing) - Top fastest growing market segments and emerging opportunities - Top pharmaceutical companies within the IPM by market share and revenue - Comprehensive product portfolios, R&D activity and pipeline therapeutics - M&A activity and future strategies of top personalized medicine pharmacos - Personalized Medicine Regulation (USA, UK, Germany, France, Spain, Italy) - CE-marked Personalized Medicine/Diagnostic Tests - FDA Advances in Personalized Medicine Regulation What you will gain: - An in-depth understanding of the global personalized medicine market and it's environment - Current market facts, figures and product lines of key players in the industry - Emerging trends in key markets such as the US, UK, Germany and France - Knowledge of how the personalized medicine market will integrate into the global healthcare market - Technical insights into new generation sequencing technologies and ultra-high throughput sequencing - Updates on bioinformatics, high throughput systems, genetic analysis kits, companion diagnostics and future technologies - FDA approved pharmacogenetic tests and recognized biomarkers - Information on key government and regulatory policies - Strategies on how to adapt and restructure current business models to this industry This report tackles key concerns to the personalized medicine market such as: - Lack of regulatory policy and legislation in the US and Europe - Reimbursement schemes and payers concerns - Transition of investigational diagnostic assays and therapeutics to clinical practice - Direct to consumer (DTC) test kits and implications for the public This report will tell you if the companies mentioned are: - Strong, competitive players - Pooling their resources for specific growth and therapeutic areas - Investing strategically in R&D - Have a history of strategic M&A activity Key Topics Covered: 1.0 Executive Summary 2.0 Introduction and Background 3.0 Personalized Medicine Targeted Therapeutics and Associated Companion Diagnostics 4.0 Personalized Medicine and Integration into the Healthcare System 5.0 Private and Public Funding and Personalized Medicine Reimbursement 6.0 European Personalized Medicine Market - Payments and Investment 7.0 Personalized Medicine -Business Model Analysis 8.0 Personalized Medicine Main Industry Players 9.0 Personalized Medicine Market Analysis 10.0 Strengths and Advantages of Personalized Medicine 11.0 Restraints of the Personalized Medicine Market 12.0 Personalized Medicine and Regulatory Policies 13.0 Final Summary and Future Perspectives 14.0 Interviews with Key Opinion Leaders Companies Mentioned - 23andMe - Abbott Laboratories - Agendia - Alere - Amgen - Astex Pharmaceuticals - AstraZeneca - Atossa Genetics - Becton Dickenson - bioMerieux - BristolMyersSquibb - ELDA BioTech - Eisai - Eli Lilly - Foundation Medicine - Genelex - GlaxoSmithKline - HalioDx - Johnson & Johnson - LabCorp - Life Technologies - MDxHealth - Merck - MolecularMD Corporation - Novartis MDx - Orion Genomics - Oxford BioTherapeutics - Pfizer - Qiagen - Roche Molecular Diagnostics - Sanofi - SensiGen - Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics - Ventana (Roche) - Vertex Pharmaceuticals For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wk98zk/personalized Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-personalized-medicine-targeted-therapeutics-and-companion-diagnostic-market-2017-2021-strategic-analysis-of-industry-trends-technologies-participants-and-environment---research-and-markets-300460730.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 19 May, 2017, 19:30 ET Preview: Global IoT in Agriculture Market Outlook and Forecasts Report 2017-2022: Markets will be Largely Driven By Scale of Farming Operations - Research and Markets 19 May, 2017, 19:00 ET Preview: Global Spirulina Market Outlook, 2022: Emergence of New Application Areas Provides Significant Opportunity - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 19 May, 2017, 19:00 ET Global IoT in Agriculture Market Outlook and Forecasts Report... 19 May, 2017, 19:00 ET Global Spirulina Market Outlook, 2022: Emergence of New... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market 2017-2021: Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 19 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
