Latest News Dow 18,904 +35.68 +0.19% Nasdaq 5,334 +39.39 +0.74% S&P 500 2,187 +10.18 +0.47% 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs 9:00 A.M. ET Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 9:00 A.M. ET An Illustrated History of Thanksgiving Stuffing 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 8:53 A.M. ET Diana Containerships' stock jumps 15% in premarket trade, after tumbling 69% on Thursday 8:53 A.M. ET DryShips' stock surges 12% in premarket trade, after plunging 85% the previous session 8:52 A.M. ET Updated If someone brings Merlot to your Thanksgiving, don’t leave 8:52 A.M. ET Actuant CFO to step down in December 8:49 A.M. ET Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 8:48 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 8:48 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 8:48 A.M. ET Updated Oil flat as investors keep tabs on OPEC deal prospects 8:43 A.M. ET Opinion Will Trump doom his economic agenda by strong-arming the Fed? 8:43 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 8:40 A.M. ET Updated Will Donald Trump cover the White House in gold? 8:37 A.M. ET Actuant's incoming CFO is currently CFO of Century Aluminum 8:36 A.M. ET Actuant names Rick Dillon as CFO, effective Dec. 22 8:34 A.M. ET The euro is on its longest losing streak ever 8:34 A.M. ET Actuant CFO Andrew Lampereur to step down Dec. 21 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Open Market Snapshot Analyst Ratings Home Press Release Two New Trials of Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) as Monotherapy and in Combination with Chemotherapy for First-Line Treatment of Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer to be Presented During Presidential Session at ESMO 2016 By Published: Sept 28, 2016 6:45 a.m. ET Share Results from KEYNOTE-024, which Studied KEYTRUDA Compared to Chemotherapy in Patients with High Levels of PD-L1 Expression, and KEYNOTE-021G, which Studied KEYTRUDA in Combination with Chemotherapy Compared to Chemotherapy Alone in Patients Regardless of PD-L1 Expression, to be PresentedComprehensive Data from Merck’s Industry-Leading Immuno-Oncology Clinical Development Program to be Presented, with New Data in 12 Cancers KENILWORTH, N.J., Sep 28, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, +0.11% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that extensive data on KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, have been accepted for presentation at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) 2016 Congress in Copenhagen, Denmark, Oct. 7 – 11. In total, findings from 30 studies in 12 cancers from Merck’s industry-leading clinical development program for KEYTRUDA – both as monotherapy and in combination – will be presented at this year’s ESMO. Two studies of KEYTRUDA in first-line treatment of advanced lung cancer have also been selected for presentation at the Presidential Symposium on Oct. 9: KEYNOTE-024, which studied KEYTRUDA as monotherapy compared to chemotherapy in patients whose tumors express high levels of PD-L1 (tumor proportion score of 50 percent or more), and KEYNOTE-021G, which studied KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy (carboplatin and pemetrexed) compared to chemotherapy alone in all patients with non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). KEYTRUDA-Related Data at the ESMO 2016 Congress A select listing of the KEYTRUDA late-breaking and oral abstract sessions at ESMO 2016 is included below: Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) At ESMO, in addition to KEYNOTE-024 and KEYNOTE-021G, which studied KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in previously untreated patients whose tumors were EGFR- and ALK-negative, updated overall survival (OS) data from the phase 2/3 KEYNOTE-010 trial will be presented; KEYNOTE-010 studied previously treated patients with advanced NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (tumor proportion score of one percent or more). Additional combination data will also be presented from the phase 1b KEYNOTE-098 expansion cohort study investigating KEYTRUDA in combination with the VEGF Receptor 2 antagonist, ramucirumab (under the existing collaboration between Eli Lilly and Company and Merck). (Abstract #LBA46_PR) Presidential Symposium: Randomized, phase 2 study of carboplatin and pemetrexed with or without pembrolizumab as first-line therapy for advanced NSCLC: KEYNOTE-021 cohort G. C. Langer.Sunday, October 9, 4:25 – 6:20 pm CEST. Location: Copenhagen. (Abstract #LBA8_PR) Presidential Symposium: KEYNOTE-024: Pembrolizumab (pembro) vs platinum-based chemotherapy (chemo) as first-line therapy for advanced NSCLC with a PD-L1 tumor proportion score (TPS) greater-than or equal to 50%. M. Reck. Sunday, October 9, 4:25 – 6:20 pm CEST. Location: Copenhagen. (Abstract #LBA48) Poster Discussion Session: Pembrolizumab (pembro) vs docetaxel (doce) for previously treated, PD-L1–expressing NSCLC: updated outcomes of KEYNOTE-010. R. Herbst.Sunday, October 9, 2:45 – 4:15 pm CEST. Location: Oslo. (Abstract #LBA38) Poster Discussion Session: Interim safety and clinical activity in patients with advanced NSCLC from a multi-cohort phase 1 study of ramucirumab (R) plus pembrolizumab (P). R. Herbst. Monday, October 10, 9:30 – 10:30 am CEST. Location: Berlin. Advanced Bladder Cancer At ESMO, data investigating the first-line use of KEYTRUDA in patients with unresectable or advanced urothelial (bladder) cancer will be presented from the phase 2 KEYNOTE-052 trial; results will be featured in the official ESMO press program. This is the first presentation of data investigating KEYTRUDA in the first-line bladder cancer treatment setting. (Abstract #LBA32_PR) Proffered Paper Session: Pembrolizumab (pembro) as first-line therapy for advanced/unresectable or advanced urothelial cancer: Preliminary results from the phase 2 KEYNOTE-052 study. A. Balar.Saturday, October 8, 9:15 – 10:30 am CEST. Location: Madrid. Advanced Melanoma At ESMO, final OS data from the phase 2 KEYNOTE-002 trial investigating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) monotherapy compared to chemotherapy in patients with ipilimumab-refractory advanced melanoma will be presented. (Abstract #1107O) Proffered Paper Session: Final overall survival for KEYNOTE-002: pembrolizumab (pembro) versus investigator-choice chemotherapy (chemo) for ipilimumab (ipi)-refractory melanoma. O. Hamid. Saturday, October 8, 2:45 – 4:15 pm CEST. Location: Copenhagen. Additional Data from Merck’s Oncology Portfolio and Pipeline Data investigating the use of two compounds from Merck’s oncology pipeline and portfolio – EMEND [®] (fosaprepitant dimeglumine), a substance P/neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist, and MK-2206, an investigational AKT inhibitor – were also accepted for presentation at this year’s ESMO. For more information, including a complete list of abstract titles, please visit the ESMO website at https://cslide.ctimeetingtech.com/library/esmo/browse/itinerary/5286. About KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single use vial. KEYTRUDA Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy, at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab) Immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases, occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Pneumonitis occurred in 32 (2.0%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (0.8%), and 3 (0.4%) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 19 (3.5%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (1.1%), 3 (1.3%), 4 (0.4%), or 5 (0.2%) pneumonitis and more frequently in patients with a history of asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (5.4%) or prior thoracic radiation (6.0%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 31 (2%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.5%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (0.1%) colitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 4 (0.7%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (0.2%) or 3 (0.4%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Hepatitis occurred in 16 (1%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.7%), and 4 (0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. Hypophysitis occurred in 13 (0.8%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.3%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (0.1%) hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 1 (0.2 %) of 550 patients with NSCLC, which was Grade 3 in severity. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 51 (3.3%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.6%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 127 (8.1%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 10 (1.8%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (0.7%) or 3 (0.3%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 38 (6.9%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (5.5%) or 3 (0.2%) hypothyroidism. New or worsening hypothyroidism occurred in 28 (14.6%) of 192 patients with HNSCC, including Grade 3 (0.5%) hypothyroidism. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, occurred in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer anti-hyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Nephritis occurred in 7 (0.4%) of 1567 patients with melanoma including, Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.2%), and 4 (0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. Other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 1567 patients with melanoma: arthritis (1.6%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 550 patients with NSCLC: rash, vasculitis, hemolytic anemia, serum sickness, and myasthenia gravis. Severe and life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-006, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 9% of 555 patients with advanced melanoma; adverse reactions leading to discontinuation in more than one patient were colitis (1.4%), autoimmune hepatitis (0.7%), allergic reaction (0.4%), polyneuropathy (0.4%), and cardiac failure (0.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 21% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) was diarrhea (2.5%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs ipilimumab were fatigue (28% vs 28%), diarrhea (26% with KEYTRUDA), rash (24% vs 23%), and nausea (21% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for ipilimumab only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). In KEYNOTE-002, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 12% of 357 patients with advanced melanoma; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) were general physical health deterioration (1%), asthenia (1%), dyspnea (1%), pneumonitis (1%), and generalized edema (1%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 14% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) were dyspnea (1%), diarrhea (1%), and maculopapular rash (1%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs chemotherapy were fatigue (43% with KEYTRUDA), pruritus (28% vs 8%), rash (24% vs 8%), constipation (22% vs 20%), nausea (22% with KEYTRUDA), diarrhea (20% vs 20%), and decreased appetite (20% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for chemotherapy only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 14% of 550 patients with NSCLC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pleural effusion, pneumonia, dyspnea, pulmonary embolism, and pneumonitis. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (44%), cough (29%), decreased appetite (25%), and dyspnea (23%). KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 17% of 192 patients with HNSCC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 45% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pneumonia, dyspnea, confusional state, vomiting, pleural effusion, and respiratory failure. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (46%), decreased appetite (22%), and dyspnea (20%). It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA have not been established in pediatric patients. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 330 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160928005651/en/ SOURCE: Merck Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 Kim Hamilton, 908-740-1863 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $62.70 +0.07 (+0.11%) Volume 8.1M Open $62.51 High $62.79 Low $62.12 P/E Ratio 31.99 Div Yield 2.93 Market Cap 172.7B LatestNews

null
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Updated Phase 1 Data Reinforce the Clinical Profile of Epacadostat in Combination with Keytruda (Pembrolizumab) 28.09.2016 | 12:11 (87 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Updated Phase 1 Data Reinforce the Clinical Profile of Epacadostat in Combination with Keytruda (Pembrolizumab) Incyte's IDO1 inhibitor in combination with Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy is well-tolerated and demonstrates durable clinical response in patients with treatment-naïve advanced melanoma Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq: INCY) today announced that the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) has published an abstract (#1110PD) containing updated data from the Phase 1 portion of the ECHO-202 trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte's selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with Keytruda (pembrolizumab), Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy. These data will be highlighted in a poster discussion on Monday, 10 October 2016 from 11:00-12:00 CET at the ESMO Annual Congress 2016 in Copenhagen, Denmark. In patients with treatment-naïve advanced melanoma (n=19), updated data show a disease control rate (DCR) of 74 percent and an overall response rate (ORR) of 58 percent. All responses are confirmed and ongoing (median follow-up 42 weeks); median progression-free survival (PFS) has not been reached. "We are very pleased that after extended treatment and longer follow-up, these updated Phase 1 data for epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab demonstrate robust, durable clinical activity in patients with treatment-naïve advanced melanoma and reinforce the promise of IDO1 inhibition in combination with an anti-PD-1 therapy as an important component of immunotherapy," said Steven Stein, M.D., Incyte's Chief Medical Officer. Epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab was well-tolerated. The most common (=15%) all grade treatment-related adverse events (TRAEs) were fatigue, rash, arthralgia, pruritus, diarrhea and nausea. Grade =3 TRAEs were observed in 18% of patients; the most common were rash (8%) and increased lipase (3%). The ECHO-202 abstract was made available today on the ESMO Congress website at http://esmo.org/Conferences/ESMO-2016-Congress. The ECHO-202 poster is expected to be made available to attendees at the ESMO Congress on Friday, 7 October 2016, at which time the ECHO-202 poster will be made available via the Events and Presentations tab of the Investor section of www.incyte.com. Incyte will also host an investor conference call and webcast at 14:00 CET (8:00 a.m. ET) on 7 October 2016 which can be accessed via the Events and Presentations tab of the Investor section of www.incyte.com. About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte's selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with pembrolizumab. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID pembrolizumab 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. Enrollment in the Phase 2 tumor-specific cohorts is ongoing. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types, as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluating pembrolizumab in combination with epacadostat or placebo as first-line treatment for patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. ECHO-301 was initiated in June 2016 and initial data from this study are expected to be available in 2018. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is a first-in-class, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that reverses tumor-associated immune suppression and restores effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor pembrolizumab improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. Conference Call Information To access the conference call, please dial 877-407-9221 for domestic callers or +1-201-689-8597 for international callers. When prompted, provide the conference identification number, 13644034. If you are unable to participate, a replay of the conference call will be available for 30 days. The replay dial-in number for the United States is 877-660-6853 and the dial-in number for international callers is +1-201-612-7415. To access the replay you will need the conference identification number, 13644034. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company's website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Forward-Looking Statements Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation and discussion of data regarding the Company's ECHO-202 study and the expected timetable for availability of initial data from its ECHO-301 study, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company's development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 2016. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. KEYTRUDA is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck Co., Inc. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160928005593/en/ Contacts: Incyte Corporation Media Catalina Loveman, +1 302-498-6171 cloveman@incyte.com or Investors Michael Booth, DPhil, +1 302-498-5914 mbooth@incyte.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
PharmaceuticalInvesting News Your trusted source for investing success Pharmaceutical Member? Login Menu Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Gem Diamond Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis About Resource Investing Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports 2016 Outlook Free Reports Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Pharmaceutical Investing Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers « 11 ASX Pharmaceutical Sto… How Did the Presidential … » Chelsea Pratt • September 28, 2016 Add Comment Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that new research from their marketed and pipeline compounds will be presented at this year’s European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO; October 7-11, 2016, Copenhagen, Denmark) annual meeting. Presentations will focus on hard-to-treat cancers, and include: study results for Erbitux® (cetuximab) in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN); preliminary study results in bladder cancer and renal cell carcinoma (RCC) for avelumab, which is being developed in collaboration with Pfizer; and updates on the Phase II program for tepotinib* in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). “The data being presented at ESMO reflect our commitment to making a meaningful difference in patients’ lives, in particular those who are affected by hard-to-treat cancers,” said Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Head of Global Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. “We continue to focus on researching the full potential of Erbitux, as well as our ongoing pipeline development programs for avelumab and other early-stage oncology and immuno-oncology compounds.” At ESMO, avelumab will be featured in four posters that add to the growing body of evidence of the potential of this investigational compound. These will include data updates in bladder cancer that confirm avelumab’s potential in this hard-to-treat cancer; and preliminary results from a combination study with axitinib in RCC that support the rationale to evaluate the combination in a Phase III pivotal study. Tepotinib, a highly selective c-Met kinase inhibitor, will also be highlighted in three posters, with updates on the ongoing study program in c-Met-positive metastatic NSCLC. Several studies, which will be presented at ESMO, once again reaffirm Erbitux as a standard-of-care therapy for mCRC patients with RAS wild-type tumors and patients with SCCHN. Merck believes that to truly deliver the promise of innovation for patients, it is vital to support and encourage research from other endeavors. This is demonstrated through Merck’s Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI) initiative, which awards researchers for their pioneering independent work in pushing the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation. The award ceremony will once again coincide with ESMO and takes place on Sunday, October 9, 2016. *Tepotinib is the proposed nonproprietary name for the c-Met kinase inhibitor (also known as MSC2156119J). Avelumab and tepotinib are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective. There is no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication by any health authority worldwide. Notes to Editors Accepted Merck-supported abstracts are listed below. In addition, a number of investigator-sponsored studies have been accepted, including several related to Erbitux (not listed). Erbitux Title: Impact of tumor epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) status on the outcomes of first-line FOLFOX-4 ± cetuximab in patients (pts) with RAS-wild-type (wt) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) in the randomized phase 3 TAILOR trial Lead Author: S Qin Abstract #: 527P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Impact of surgical resection of liver metastases on outcome of patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma (mCRC) treated with a cetuximab-based first-line therapy – Analysis of the KRAS-wildtype exon 2 (KRAS-wt) subgroup of the German non-interventional study ERBITAG Lead Author: U Neumann Abstract #: 491P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Observational study of the dose intensity relative to cetuximab in the first-line treatment of recurrent and/or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: data on the maintenance and bi-weekly use (DIRECT study) Lead Author: J Guigay Abstract #: 967P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Cetuximab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy or radiotherapy in recurrent and/or metastatic SCCHN in a non-selected patient cohort (interim analysis of the phase IV SOCCER trial) Lead Author: M Hecht Abstract #: 994P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Avelumab Title: Avelumab (MSB0010718C; anti-PD-L1) in patients with metastatic urothelial carcinoma progressed after platinum-based therapy or platinum ineligible Lead Author: M Patel Abstract #: 777PD Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30–17:30 Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate Room/Details: Athens Title: Phase 1b dose-finding study of avelumab (anti-PD-L1) + axitinib in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma Lead Author: J Larkin Abstract #: 775PD Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30–17:30 Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate Room/Details: Athens Title: Evaluation of real world treatment outcomes in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) following second line chemotherapy Lead Author: J Becker Abstract #: 1154P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: A multicenter, international, randomized, open-label phase 3 trial of avelumab + best supportive care (BSC) vs BSC alone as maintenance therapy after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy in patients with advanced urothelial cancer (JAVELIN Bladder 100) Lead Author: T Powles Abstract #: 842TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Phase 3 study of avelumab in combination with axitinib versus sunitinib as first-line treatment for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC) Lead Author: R Motzer Abstract #: 844TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Tepotinib Title: Tepotinib plus gefitinib in patients with c-Met-positive/EGFR-mutant NSCLC: recommended phase II dose (RP2D), tolerability, and efficacy Lead Author: Y-L Wu Abstract #: 1257P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Design of a phase II trial comparing tepotinib + gefitinib with cisplatin + pemetrexed in EGFR inhibitor-resistant, c-Met+ NSCLC Lead Author: Y-L Wu Abstract #: 1287TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: A phase II trial investigating the highly selective c-Met inhibitor tepotinib in stage IIIB/IV lung adenocarcinoma with MET exon 14 alterations after failure of at least one prior therapy Lead Author: P Paik Abstract #: 1292TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action which may enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About Erbitux Erbitux® is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. About Tepotinib Tepotinib (also known as MSC2156119J) is an investigational small-molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase capable of inhibiting both hepatocyte growth factor-dependent and -independent c-MET activation in low nanomolar concentrations. Alterations of the c-Met signaling pathway are found in various cancer types and correlate with aggressive tumor behavior and poor clinical prognosis. Tepotinib is currently under evaluation in Phase I/II trials. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160524/371574LOGO ) SOURCE Merck “Trump’s victory could mean the end of Obamacare. Is now a good time to invest in pharmaceutical stocks?” Learn everything an investor needs to know about investing in pharmaceuticals. Get My Free Report Click here to download for free Get the Latest Pharmaceutical Investing Stock Information Get the latest information about companies associated with Pharmaceutical Investing delivered directly to your inbox. Pharmaceutical DelMar PharmaceuticalsOncBioMune PharmaceuticalsQ BioMedRespireRx PharmaceuticalsSelect All Select None By selecting company or companies above, you are giving consent to receive email from those companies. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time. “Trump’s victory could mean the end of Obamacare. Is now a good time to invest in pharmaceutical stocks?” Learn everything an investor needs to know about investing in pharmaceuticals. Get My Free Report Click here to download for free Return to the Company News Index Article Meta Data « 11 ASX Pharmaceutical Sto… How Did the Presidential … » Related Posts Pharmaceutical Investing Principles And Pharmaceutical Stocks To Buy Amgen and Novartis Lead the Migraine Market Valeant Stock Hammered After Former Exec’s Arrest What Is In-Licensing? Pfizer Lowers Cost of Prevnar 13 Tags biopharma, biopharmaceutical, Canada, cancer, collaboration, data, eli lilly, emd, ESMO, germany, healthcare, immuno-oncology, KRAS, lead, ligand, liver, merck, multiple sclerosis, non small cell lung cancer, October, oncology, pfizer, pharmaceutical, phase 3 trial, phase III, pipeline, platinum, presentation, President, product candidates, renal cell carcinoma, research, sales, Technology, united states, zinc supply. Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Comment Markets Top Resource Stories Top Lithium Mining Companies 2,000 views US Pot Stock Rally and Blair Repo... 1,582 views Gold Price Under Pressure 1,250 views 5 Top TSX Stocks: Northern Dynast... 1,069 views Cannabix Technologies Releases Im... 876 views 10 Top Gold-producing Countries 720 views Top Technology Stories Cannabix Technologies Releases Im... 876 views 3 Technology Stocks You Should Kn... 271 views 3D Printing in the Automobile Ind... 163 views Fintech Investing Facts 118 views OneRoof Energy Announces Filing o... 112 views 5 Top NASDAQ Tech Stocks: NVIDIA ... 103 views Top Life Science Stories 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: PTC ... 198 views Top Biotech News Stories of 2016 122 views Believe Precision Medicine Belong... 99 views Top Medical Device News Stories o... 95 views Cannabis Science Begins Buildout ... 94 views What Is In-Licensing? 69 views Most Popular Stocks Mettrum Health 549 views Kushtown USA 329 views Naturally Splendid Enterprises 228 views Advantage Lithium 213 views Galaxy Resources 181 views Q BioMed 118 views Tweets by @INN_LifeScience Download Free Reports Resource Investing Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Gold Trends 2015 and Gold Outlook 2016 Key: Highlights for Investors Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Graphite Investing And Graphite Stocks To Buy “Copper Market Outlook and Copper Companies 2016″ Rare Earth Expert Interviews And Rare Earth Stocks To Buy Lithium Forecast & Lithium Stocks To Buy Potash Stocks and Potash News: Agriculture Investing Opportunities Critical Metals Price Forecast And Stocks To Watch Silver Demand Forecast and Silver Stocks To Buy Potash Market Report: Prices, Production And Trends Uranium Price Forecasts and Top Uranium Stocks to Watch Why Invest in Platinum Stocks? What the Future Could Hold for Lonmin, the AMCU and South African Platinum Production Base Metal Prices And Investing Opportunities Investing in Tungsten: Tungsten Price, Tungsten Demand and Tungsten Companies at a Glance Zinc Market Outlook Coal Price Forecast: Types of Coal, Coal Prices and Coal Stocks Forecasting the Oil Price: Investing Wisely in the Top Oil Producing Countries Palladium Price Forecast: Palladium Investments and Opportunities Investing in Medical Cannabis – Information about Cannabis and Legal Cannabis Stocks Investing in Stornoway Diamonds or Other Canadian Diamond Mines – Beyond the Diamond Price Calculator “Gold Prices In 2016″ Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Trends 2015 and Gold Outlook 2016 Key: Highlights for Investors Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Industrial Metals in 2016: Oversupply in Several Markets, but Not All Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Energy Investing Outlook: Moving Away from Carbon? Agriculture Investing Opportunities: Forecast for 2016 Precious Metals Outlook: CEO’s, Analysts on Gold, Silver, Platinum and Palladium Critical Metals Outlook: The Potential for 2016 Copper Price Forecast, Trends, and Predictions – Understanding Today’s Copper Price From LME Copper to Copper ETFs Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Prices 2016 Investing in Lithium Stocks Post Rockwood Lithium Free Lithium Investing Newsletter Free Uranium Investing Newsletter Life Science Investing Life Science Investing Primer – Finding More Opportunities like Medtronic, Ariad Pharmaceuticals and Pharmacyte. Pharmaceutical Investing Principles And Pharmaceutical Stocks To Buy Everything You Need to Know About Biotech Investing News From the Top Biotech Companies to the Best Biotech Stocks Life Science & Healthcare Investing in 2016 Tech Investing Understanding Bitcoins: From Bitcoin Mining to the Bitcoin Rate What is Nanotechnology? Nanotech Applications and Nanotech Investing Investing in Graphene Companies: Graphene Cost, Graphene Properties and Graphene Market 3D Printing Market Outlook And 3D Printing Stocks To Buy Tech Forecast And Promising Tech Stocks To Buy In 2016 & 2017 Cleantech Investing: What Clean Technology Investors Need to Know Technology Investing in 2016: Trends and Outlooks for Successful Technology Investing Browse Topics Resource Investing Agriculture Investing Cannabis Investing Phosphate Investing Potash Investing Base Metals Investing Copper Investing Iron Investing Lead Investing Nickel Investing Zinc Investing Critical Metals Investing Cobalt Investing Graphite Investing Magnesium Investing Manganese Investing Rare Earth Investing Scandium Investing Tantalum Investing Tellurium Investing Tungsten Investing Energy Investing Gas Investing Lithium Investing Oil and Gas Investing Oil Investing Uranium Investing Gem Investing Diamond Investing Industrial Metals Investing Aluminum Investing Chromium Investing Coal Investing Molybdenum Investing Tin Investing Vanadium Investing Precious Metals Investing Gold Investing Palladium Investing Platinum Investing Silver Investing Tech Investing 3D Printing Investing App Investing Cleantech Investing Cloud Investing Cybersecurity Investing Data Investing Fintech Investing Graphene Investing Mobile Web Investing Nanotech Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Investing Genetics Investing Longevity Investing Medical Device Investing Pharmaceutical Investing Featured Stocks RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Novel Medicines for Respiratory Diseases Q BioMed OncBioMune Pharmaceuticals DelMar PharmaceuticalsView All Featured Stocks   Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × Privacy & Legal Policy This website is part of the Investing News Network published by Dig Media Inc. Overview Contact Information Information Collected Ad Server Information Use Remarketing Future Use Accessing Your Data Security Your Acceptance of These Terms Overview INN's mission is to be the world's number one source of independent, unbiased news and education helping investors realized their financial goals. We also strive to be internationally respected for our integrity, our people and our commitment to excellence. Therefore, we are very concerned with the privacy rights of our audience and are committed to protecting the information collected about you.We have taken extensive measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal information and to protect your data from misuse and unauthorized access or disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Dig Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Contact Information Our postal address is L200 - 560 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC V6B 2L3 We can be reached via e-mail at info@digmediasolutions.com or telephone at +1-604-688-8231 Information Collected For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number. The information we collect is used to notify visitors about updates to our website, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact visitors for marketing purposes. With respect to cookies: When you visit our websites, we send one or more cookies, a small file containing a string of characters, to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser during your visit. We use these cookies to maintain your connection as you move from page to page, and to ensure anything you submit, such as a comment or a form, is not rejected. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Ad Server With respect to Ad Servers: Other third-party companies which place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of their cookies or other tracking technologies, which may include delivering targeted advertisements and marketing messages based upon the third party websites that you visit, or other purposes. We cannot control this collection of information and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices of these third party advertisers. You should contact these third party advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect from you. Google-DoubleClick DFP is our third party ad server. If you would like to know more about their information gathering practices and opt-out procedures, please see Google ad policies. Also, if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see NAI Opt-out Options. Information Use We only share personal information with other companies or individuals outside of the cases outlined above in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Dig Media, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually. Remarketing We may remarket your information. Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with INN websites. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by INN to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, including Google, may show INN ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to INN websites. To opt out of customized Google Display Network ads click here. To find out more about how Google uses any data it collects please visit http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Any information collected is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose. Future Use From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically. Accessing Your Data Please contact us at the address above for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to communications that the visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Visitors can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Visitors can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. Security With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Your Acceptance of These Terms By using this site, or by submitting personal information to us, you signify your agreement to Dig Media's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. From time to time we may change or update our piracy policies. It is your responsibility to check back regularly to inform yourself of such changes. Your continued use of this or any Dig Media website following the posting of changes to these terms will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes. The foregoing policies are in effect as of August 1, 2012. Dig media reserves the right to change this policy statement at any time by posting the revised policy to this website. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. × Manage Account About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Stocks Author Index Keyword Index Browse Topics Advertise Free Reports Events Glossary Press Releases Copyright 2016 © Dig Media Inc. Investing News Network Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Back Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Back Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Back Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Back Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Back Gem Diamond Back Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis Back About Resource Investing Back Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Back Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Back Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Back Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports 2016 Outlook Free Reports Back Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Back
Startseite Blaulicht Abo Über Empfohlene Themen Auto / Verkehr People Gesundheit / Medizin Medien / Kultur Politik Tourismus / Urlaub Weitere Themen Bau / Immobilien Fashion / Beauty Finanzen Handel Netzwelt Panorama Presseschau Soziales Sport Umwelt Wirtschaft Wissen / Bildung Meldungen filtern Alle Meldungen Bilder Land/Sprache Schweiz Deutsch Deutschland Suisse Français MELDUNG EINSTELLEN Abonnieren Sie Ihre Themen mit der Presseportal-App. Merck KGaA Newsroom-Abo Schließen Abonnieren Sie alle Meldungen von Merck KGaA 28.09.2016 – 08:27 Merck KGaA Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 Darmstadt, Germany (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for UK- or US-based media ESMO Abstract # Avelumab: 777PD, 775PD, 1154P, 842TiP, 844TiP; Erbitux: 527P, 491P, 967P, 994P; Tepotinib: 1257P, 1287TiP, 1292TiP - Merck to feature new research from marketed and pipeline compounds 
  
- Preliminary results from combination study with avelumab  in renal 
  cell carcinoma, and updates on Phase II tepotinib  program  in 
  non-small cell lung cancer, to be presented   
- Merck to announce 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation winners 
  coinciding with ESMO Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that new research from their marketed and pipeline compounds will be presented at this year's European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO; October 7-11, 2016, Copenhagen, Denmark) annual meeting. Presentations will focus on hard-to-treat cancers, and include: study results for Erbitux® (cetuximab) in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN); preliminary study results in bladder cancer and renal cell carcinoma (RCC) for avelumab, which is being developed in collaboration with Pfizer; and updates on the Phase II program for tepotinib* in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "The data being presented at ESMO reflect our commitment to making a meaningful difference in patients' lives, in particular those who are affected by hard-to-treat cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Head of Global Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We continue to focus on researching the full potential of Erbitux, as well as our ongoing pipeline development programs for avelumab and other early-stage oncology and immuno-oncology compounds." At ESMO, avelumab will be featured in four posters that add to the growing body of evidence of the potential of this investigational compound. These will include data updates in bladder cancer that confirm avelumab's potential in this hard-to-treat cancer; and preliminary results from a combination study with axitinib in RCC that support the rationale to evaluate the combination in a Phase III pivotal study. Tepotinib, a highly selective c-Met kinase inhibitor, will also be highlighted in three posters, with updates on the ongoing study program in c-Met-positive metastatic NSCLC. Several studies, which will be presented at ESMO, once again reaffirm Erbitux as a standard-of-care therapy for mCRC patients with RAS wild-type tumors and patients with SCCHN. Merck believes that to truly deliver the promise of innovation for patients, it is vital to support and encourage research from other endeavors. This is demonstrated through Merck's Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI) initiative, which awards researchers for their pioneering independent work in pushing the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation. The award ceremony will once again coincide with ESMO and takes place on Sunday, October 9, 2016. *Tepotinib is the proposed nonproprietary name for the c-Met kinase inhibitor (also known as MSC2156119J). Avelumab and tepotinib are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective. There is no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication by any health authority worldwide. Notes to Editors Accepted Merck-supported abstracts are listed below. In addition, a number of investigator-sponsored studies have been accepted, including several related to Erbitux (not listed). Erbitux Title: Impact of tumor epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) status
on the outcomes of first-line FOLFOX-4 ± cetuximab in patients (pts) 
with RAS-wild-type (wt) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) in the 
randomized phase 3 TAILOR trial
Lead Author: S Qin
Abstract #: 527P
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E Title: Impact of surgical resection of liver metastases on outcome of
patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma (mCRC) treated with a 
cetuximab-based first-line therapy - Analysis of the KRAS-wildtype 
exon 2 (KRAS-wt) subgroup of the German non-interventional study 
ERBITAG
Lead Author: U Neumann
Abstract #: 491P
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E Title: Observational study of the dose intensity relative to 
cetuximab in the first-line treatment of recurrent and/or metastatic 
squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: data on the maintenance
and bi-weekly use (DIRECT study)
Lead Author: J Guigay
Abstract #: 967P
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E Title: Cetuximab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy or 
radiotherapy in recurrent and/or metastatic SCCHN in a non-selected 
patient cohort (interim analysis of the phase IV SOCCER trial)
Lead Author: M Hecht
Abstract #: 994P
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E Avelumab Title: Avelumab (MSB0010718C; anti-PD-L1) in patients with metastatic
urothelial carcinoma progressed after platinum-based therapy or 
platinum ineligible
Lead Author: M Patel
Abstract #: 777PD
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30-17:30
Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate
Room/Details: Athens Title: Phase 1b dose-finding study of avelumab (anti-PD-L1) + 
axitinib in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell 
carcinoma
Lead Author: J Larkin
Abstract #: 775PD
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30-17:30
Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate
Room/Details: Athens Title: Evaluation of real world treatment outcomes in patients with 
metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) following second line 
chemotherapy
Lead Author: J Becker
Abstract #: 1154P
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E Title: A multicenter, international, randomized, open-label phase 3 
trial of avelumab + best supportive care (BSC) vs BSC alone as 
maintenance therapy after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy in 
patients with advanced urothelial cancer (JAVELIN Bladder 100)
Lead Author: T Powles
Abstract #: 842TiP
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E Title: Phase 3 study of avelumab in combination with axitinib versus 
sunitinib as first-line treatment for patients with advanced renal 
cell carcinoma (aRCC)
Lead Author: R Motzer
Abstract #: 844TiP
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E Tepotinib Title: Tepotinib plus gefitinib in patients with 
c-Met-positive/EGFR-mutant NSCLC: recommended phase II dose (RP2D), 
tolerability, and efficacy
Lead Author: Y-L Wu
Abstract #: 1257P
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E Title: Design of a phase II trial comparing tepotinib + gefitinib 
with cisplatin + pemetrexed in EGFR inhibitor-resistant, c-Met+ NSCLC
Lead Author: Y-L Wu
Abstract #: 1287TiP
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E Title: A phase II trial investigating the highly selective c-Met 
inhibitor tepotinib in stage IIIB/IV lung adenocarcinoma with MET 
exon 14 alterations after failure of at least one prior therapy
Lead Author: P Paik
Abstract #: 1292TiP
Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00
Session: Poster Display Session
Room/Details: Hall E For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action which may enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About Erbitux Erbitux® is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. About Tepotinib Tepotinib (also known as MSC2156119J) is an investigational small-molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase capable of inhibiting both hepatocyte growth factor-dependent and -independent c-MET activation in low nanomolar concentrations. Alterations of the c-Met signaling pathway are found in various cancer types and correlate with aggressive tumor behavior and poor clinical prognosis. Tepotinib is currently under evaluation in Phase I/II trials. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160524/371574LOGO ) Contact: Heike Schmiedt 
+49-6151-72-7498 Original-Content von: Merck KGaA, übermittelt durch news aktuell Themen in dieser Meldung Wirtschaft Medizin Biotechnologie Gesundheit Pharmaindustrie Weitere Meldungen: Merck KGaA 10.10.2016 – 08:15 Merck KGaA Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Announces Recipients of Third Annual EUR1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award 10.10.2016 – 08:10 Merck KGaA Merck Announces Recipients of Third Annual EUR1 Million 'Grant for Oncology Innovation' Award 06.10.2016 – 04:00 Merck KGaA Merck weiht neues, hochmodernes M Lab(TM)-Kunden-Kooperationszentrum in Südkorea ein Das könnte Sie auch interessieren: Erster rein elektrischer Jaguar in der weltweit ersten Virtual Reality-Präsentation vor der Los Angeles Auto Show enthüllt New York, New York - Die Geissens im Hotel bei Donald Trump Neu bei RTL II: "Sterne von Berlin - die jungen Polizisten" Finanztipps von den Profis Dagobert Duck und Dirk Müller Hausrat VIVA unterstreicht Vorreiterrolle von Helvetia in der Digitalisierung Raus aus dem "Ertrags- und Effizienz-Dilemma": neue Outbound-Strategien für eine neue Einladungskultur in Banken und Sparkassen Opel Grandland X: Neues Crossover-Modell für die Kompaktklasse Raus aus dem "Ertrags- und Effizienz-Dilemma": das Konzept der FAIRkaufsberatung der QIDF Reisebank-Goldstudie zeigt: Deutsche besitzen mittlerweile 2,5-mal so viel Gold wie die Bundesbank Die Presseportal App Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unser Verbreitungsnetzwerk ots sorgt für optimale Reichweite und Relevanz. Mit news aktuell erreichen Sie immer die richtigen Menschen Unsere Mediendatenbank zimpel bietet immer die richtigen Ansprechpartner in den Redaktionen. Impressum Inhalte abonnieren Kontakt Nutzungsrechte Textversion Jobs Mediadaten Sitemap API Newsrooms A-Z Feeds Datenschutz
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 Sep 28, 2016, 02:24 ET from Merck Merck (PRNewsFoto/Merck)     Facebook Twitter Pinterest Merck (PRNewsFoto/Merck) DARMSTADT, Germany, September 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or US-based media   ESMO Abstract # Avelumab: 777PD, 775PD, 1154P, 842TiP, 844TiP; Erbitux: 527P, 491P, 967P, 994P; Tepotinib: 1257P, 1287TiP, 1292TiP  Merck to feature new research from marketed and pipeline compounds   Preliminary results from combination study with avelumab in renal cell carcinoma, and updates on Phase II tepotinib program in non-small cell lung cancer, to be presented   Merck to announce 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation winners coinciding with ESMO Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that new research from their marketed and pipeline compounds will be presented at this year's European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO; October 7-11, 2016, Copenhagen, Denmark) annual meeting. Presentations will focus on hard-to-treat cancers, and include: study results for Erbitux® (cetuximab) in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN); preliminary study results in bladder cancer and renal cell carcinoma (RCC) for avelumab, which is being developed in collaboration with Pfizer; and updates on the Phase II program for tepotinib* in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "The data being presented at ESMO reflect our commitment to making a meaningful difference in patients' lives, in particular those who are affected by hard-to-treat cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Head of Global Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We continue to focus on researching the full potential of Erbitux, as well as our ongoing pipeline development programs for avelumab and other early-stage oncology and immuno-oncology compounds." At ESMO, avelumab will be featured in four posters that add to the growing body of evidence of the potential of this investigational compound. These will include data updates in bladder cancer that confirm avelumab's potential in this hard-to-treat cancer; and preliminary results from a combination study with axitinib in RCC that support the rationale to evaluate the combination in a Phase III pivotal study. Tepotinib, a highly selective c-Met kinase inhibitor, will also be highlighted in three posters, with updates on the ongoing study program in c-Met-positive metastatic NSCLC. Several studies, which will be presented at ESMO, once again reaffirm Erbitux as a standard-of-care therapy for mCRC patients with RAS wild-type tumors and patients with SCCHN. Merck believes that to truly deliver the promise of innovation for patients, it is vital to support and encourage research from other endeavors. This is demonstrated through Merck's Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI) initiative, which awards researchers for their pioneering independent work in pushing the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation. The award ceremony will once again coincide with ESMO and takes place on Sunday, October 9, 2016. *Tepotinib is the proposed nonproprietary name for the c-Met kinase inhibitor (also known as MSC2156119J). Avelumab and tepotinib are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective. There is no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication by any health authority worldwide. Notes to Editors  Accepted Merck-supported abstracts are listed below. In addition, a number of investigator-sponsored studies have been accepted, including several related to Erbitux (not listed). Erbitux Title: Impact of tumor epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) status on the outcomes of first-line FOLFOX-4 ± cetuximab in patients (pts) with RAS-wild-type (wt) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) in the randomized phase 3 TAILOR trial Lead Author: S Qin Abstract #: 527P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Impact of surgical resection of liver metastases on outcome of patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma (mCRC) treated with a cetuximab-based first-line therapy - Analysis of the KRAS-wildtype exon 2 (KRAS-wt) subgroup of the German non-interventional study ERBITAG Lead Author: U Neumann Abstract #: 491P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Observational study of the dose intensity relative to cetuximab in the first-line treatment of recurrent and/or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: data on the maintenance and bi-weekly use (DIRECT study) Lead Author: J Guigay Abstract #: 967P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Cetuximab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy or radiotherapy in recurrent and/or metastatic SCCHN in a non-selected patient cohort (interim analysis of the phase IV SOCCER trial) Lead Author: M Hecht Abstract #: 994P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Avelumab Title: Avelumab (MSB0010718C; anti-PD-L1) in patients with metastatic urothelial carcinoma progressed after platinum-based therapy or platinum ineligible Lead Author: M Patel Abstract #: 777PD Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30–17:30 Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate Room/Details: Athens Title: Phase 1b dose-finding study of avelumab (anti-PD-L1) + axitinib in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma Lead Author: J Larkin Abstract #: 775PD Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30–17:30 Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate Room/Details: Athens Title: Evaluation of real world treatment outcomes in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) following second line chemotherapy Lead Author: J Becker Abstract #: 1154P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: A multicenter, international, randomized, open-label phase 3 trial of avelumab + best supportive care (BSC) vs BSC alone as maintenance therapy after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy in patients with advanced urothelial cancer (JAVELIN Bladder 100) Lead Author: T Powles Abstract #: 842TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Phase 3 study of avelumab in combination with axitinib versus sunitinib as first-line treatment for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC) Lead Author: R Motzer Abstract #: 844TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Tepotinib Title: Tepotinib plus gefitinib in patients with c-Met-positive/EGFR-mutant NSCLC: recommended phase II dose (RP2D), tolerability, and efficacy Lead Author: Y-L Wu Abstract #: 1257P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Design of a phase II trial comparing tepotinib + gefitinib with cisplatin + pemetrexed in EGFR inhibitor-resistant, c-Met+ NSCLC Lead Author: Y-L Wu Abstract #: 1287TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: A phase II trial investigating the highly selective c-Met inhibitor tepotinib in stage IIIB/IV lung adenocarcinoma with MET exon 14 alterations after failure of at least one prior therapy Lead Author: P Paik Abstract #: 1292TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Avelumab   Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action which may enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About Erbitux  Erbitux® is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. About Tepotinib  Tepotinib (also known as MSC2156119J) is an investigational small-molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase capable of inhibiting both hepatocyte growth factor-dependent and -independent c-MET activation in low nanomolar concentrations. Alterations of the c-Met signaling pathway are found in various cancer types and correlate with aggressive tumor behavior and poor clinical prognosis. Tepotinib is currently under evaluation in Phase I/II trials. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160524/371574LOGO ) SOURCE Merck View Table Fullscreen View Table Fullscreen Journalists and Bloggers The news you need, when you need it. Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier. In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need. LEARN MORE Oct 04, 2016, 04:15 ET Preview: Merck unterstützt Paare bei der Kinderwunschbe-handlung durch zwei neue innovative Technologien Sep 22, 2016, 14:19 ET Preview: Merck startet Partnerschaft mit Royal Health Awareness Society zur Förderung der Frauengesundheit in Jordanien My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Read More Nov 17, 2016, 03:15 ET Merck bietet nun für die gesamte IVF-Behandlung ein erweitertes... Nov 11, 2016, 14:19 ET Merck gana el R&D 100 Award por una invención superior Nov 11, 2016, 10:55 ET Merck remporte un prix R&D 100 pour son innovation Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 woensdag 28 september 2016 08:28 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire DARMSTADT, Germany, September 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or US-based media   ESMO Abstract # Avelumab: 777PD, 775PD, 1154P, 842TiP, 844TiP; Erbitux: 527P, 491P, 967P, 994P; Tepotinib: 1257P, 1287TiP, 1292TiP  - Merck to feature new research from marketed and pipeline compounds   - Preliminary results from combination study with avelumab in renal cell carcinoma, and updates on Phase II tepotinib program in non-small cell lung cancer, to be presented   - Merck to announce 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation winners coinciding with ESMO Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that new research from their marketed and pipeline compounds will be presented at this year's European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO; October 7-11, 2016, Copenhagen, Denmark) annual meeting. Presentations will focus on hard-to-treat cancers, and include: study results for Erbitux(R) (cetuximab) in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN); preliminary study results in bladder cancer and renal cell carcinoma (RCC) for avelumab, which is being developed in collaboration with Pfizer; and updates on the Phase II program for tepotinib* in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "The data being presented at ESMO reflect our commitment to making a meaningful difference in patients' lives, in particular those who are affected by hard-to-treat cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Head of Global Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We continue to focus on researching the full potential of Erbitux, as well as our ongoing pipeline development programs for avelumab and other early-stage oncology and immuno-oncology compounds." At ESMO, avelumab will be featured in four posters that add to the growing body of evidence of the potential of this investigational compound. These will include data updates in bladder cancer that confirm avelumab's potential in this hard-to-treat cancer; and preliminary results from a combination study with axitinib in RCC that support the rationale to evaluate the combination in a Phase III pivotal study. Tepotinib, a highly selective c-Met kinase inhibitor, will also be highlighted in three posters, with updates on the ongoing study program in c-Met-positive metastatic NSCLC. Several studies, which will be presented at ESMO, once again reaffirm Erbitux as a standard-of-care therapy for mCRC patients with RAS wild-type tumors and patients with SCCHN. Merck believes that to truly deliver the promise of innovation for patients, it is vital to support and encourage research from other endeavors. This is demonstrated through Merck's Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI) initiative, which awards researchers for their pioneering independent work in pushing the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation. The award ceremony will once again coincide with ESMO and takes place on Sunday, October 9, 2016. *Tepotinib is the proposed nonproprietary name for the c-Met kinase inhibitor (also known as MSC2156119J). Avelumab and tepotinib are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective. There is no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication by any health authority worldwide. Notes to Editors  Accepted Merck-supported abstracts are listed below. In addition, a number of investigator-sponsored studies have been accepted, including several related to Erbitux (not listed).   Erbitux   Title: Impact of tumor epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) status on the outcomes of first-line FOLFOX-4 plus or minus cetuximab in patients (pts) with RAS-wild-type (wt) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) in the randomized phase 3 TAILOR trial  Lead Author: S Qin   Abstract #: 527P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Impact of surgical resection of liver metastases on outcome of patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma (mCRC) treated with a cetuximab-based first-line therapy - Analysis of the KRAS-wildtype exon 2 (KRAS-wt) subgroup of the German non-interventional study ERBITAG  Lead Author: U Neumann   Abstract #: 491P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Observational study of the dose intensity relative to cetuximab in the first-line treatment of recurrent and/or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: data on the maintenance and bi-weekly use (DIRECT study)  Lead Author: J Guigay   Abstract #: 967P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Cetuximab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy or radiotherapy in recurrent and/or metastatic SCCHN in a non-selected patient cohort (interim analysis of the phase IV SOCCER trial)  Lead Author: M Hecht   Abstract #: 994P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Avelumab   Title: Avelumab (MSB0010718C; anti-PD-L1) in patients with metastatic urothelial carcinoma progressed after platinum-based therapy or platinum ineligible  Lead Author: M Patel  Abstract #: 777PD  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30-17:30  Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate   Room/Details: Athens   Title: Phase 1b dose-finding study of avelumab (anti-PD-L1) + axitinib in treatment-naive patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma  Lead Author: J Larkin  Abstract #: 775PD  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30-17:30  Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate   Room/Details: Athens   Title: Evaluation of real world treatment outcomes in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) following second line chemotherapy  Lead Author: J Becker   Abstract #: 1154P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: A multicenter, international, randomized, open-label phase 3 trial of avelumab + best supportive care (BSC) vs BSC alone as maintenance therapy after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy in patients with advanced urothelial cancer (JAVELIN Bladder 100)  Lead Author: T Powles   Abstract #: 842TiP  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Phase 3 study of avelumab in combination with axitinib versus sunitinib as first-line treatment for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC)  Lead Author: R Motzer   Abstract #: 844TiP  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Tepotinib   Title: Tepotinib plus gefitinib in patients with c-Met-positive/EGFR-mutant NSCLC: recommended phase II dose (RP2D), tolerability, and efficacy  Lead Author: Y-L Wu  Abstract #: 1257P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Design of a phase II trial comparing tepotinib + gefitinib with cisplatin + pemetrexed in EGFR inhibitor-resistant, c-Met+ NSCLC  Lead Author: Y-L Wu  Abstract #: 1287TiP  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: A phase II trial investigating the highly selective c-Met inhibitor tepotinib in stage IIIB/IV lung adenocarcinoma with MET exon 14 alterations after failure of at least one prior therapy  Lead Author: P Paik  Abstract #: 1292TiP  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E    For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Avelumab   Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action which may enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About Erbitux  Erbitux(R) is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. About Tepotinib  Tepotinib (also known as MSC2156119J) is an investigational small-molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase capable of inhibiting both hepatocyte growth factor-dependent and -independent c-MET activation in low nanomolar concentrations. Alterations of the c-Met signaling pathway are found in various cancer types and correlate with aggressive tumor behavior and poor clinical prognosis. Tepotinib is currently under evaluation in Phase I/II trials. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160524/371574LOGO ) Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160524/371574LOGO Merck CONTACT: Your Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498 PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Kavalan krijgt award voor Worldwide Whiskey Producer of the Year vrijdag 18 november 2016 13:50 Sigfox, the World's Leading Provider of Internet of Things Connectivity, Announces a Record Funding Round vrijdag 18 november 2016 12:50 Chevrolet Bolt benoemt als winnaar Green Car Of The Year® 2017 door Green Car Journal vrijdag 18 november 2016 12:01 DSM - Repurchase of Shares (11 November 2016 - 17 November 2016) vrijdag 18 november 2016 09:01 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Onze services De media bereiken? Plaats persbericht rechtstreeks op het ANP-medianetwerk Verstuur persbericht naar internationale persagentschappen Verstuur persbericht naar vak- en/of lokale media Persfoto plaatsen op het ANP-fotonet Stel zelf je (inter)nationale perslijsten samen Zet je evenement of persuitnodiging op de ANP Nieuwsagenda Stel multimedia-content beschikbaar aan redacties en websites Tarievenkaart 2016 Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Laat je persbericht opstellen door een professionele tekstschrijver Laat je persbericht controleren door een nieuwsprofessional Regel een persfotograaf voor journalistiek beeldmateriaal Genereer media-aandacht met een videopersbericht Benut de kracht van infographics Animatie laten maken Ideeën opdoen? Actuele persberichten die via ons netwerk zijn verstuurd Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Hoe andere communicatieprof's ANP Pers Support inzetten Workshops en events Onze blogs over het snijvlak van PR en media Zien of je nieuws is opgepakt? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. APS Direct Login Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo Elecciones EEUU 2016 Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Eurocopa 2016 Tarragona 2017 Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Medio Ambiente Consumo Sucesos Salud Comunicados Moving for Climate NOW Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava Guipuzcoa Vizcaya Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Punto Crítico Responsables Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Impulsamos Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Elecciones Gallegas 25S Elecciones Vascas 25S Elecciones 26J Eurocopa 2016 Niños rotos por la guerra Lotería de Navidad 2016 Comunicados Internacional / COMUNICADO: Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 (1) Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional Siguiente noticia Trump pone al frente de la CIA a Mike Pompeo, un congresista del Tea Party Noticia anterior Esta es la información personal que debes borrar de tu cuenta de Facebook COMUNICADO: Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 (1) Publicado 28/09/2016 8:27:43CET DARMSTADT, Germany, September 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or US-based media   ESMO Abstract # Avelumab: 777PD, 775PD, 1154P, 842TiP, 844TiP; Erbitux: 527P, 491P, 967P, 994P; Tepotinib: 1257P, 1287TiP, 1292TiP  - Merck to feature new research from marketed and pipeline compounds   - Preliminary results from combination study with avelumab in renal cell carcinoma, and updates on Phase II tepotinib program in non-small cell lung cancer, to be presented   - Merck to announce 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation winners coinciding with ESMO Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that new research from their marketed and pipeline compounds will be presented at this year's European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO; October 7-11, 2016, Copenhagen, Denmark) annual meeting. Presentations will focus on hard-to-treat cancers, and include: study results for Erbitux(R) (cetuximab) in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN); preliminary study results in bladder cancer and renal cell carcinoma (RCC) for avelumab, which is being developed in collaboration with Pfizer; and updates on the Phase II program for tepotinib* in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "The data being presented at ESMO reflect our commitment to making a meaningful difference in patients' lives, in particular those who are affected by hard-to-treat cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Head of Global Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We continue to focus on researching the full potential of Erbitux, as well as our ongoing pipeline development programs for avelumab and other early-stage oncology and immuno-oncology compounds." At ESMO, avelumab will be featured in four posters that add to the growing body of evidence of the potential of this investigational compound. These will include data updates in bladder cancer that confirm avelumab's potential in this hard-to-treat cancer; and preliminary results from a combination study with axitinib in RCC that support the rationale to evaluate the combination in a Phase III pivotal study. Tepotinib, a highly selective c-Met kinase inhibitor, will also be highlighted in three posters, with updates on the ongoing study program in c-Met-positive metastatic NSCLC. Several studies, which will be presented at ESMO, once again reaffirm Erbitux as a standard-of-care therapy for mCRC patients with RAS wild-type tumors and patients with SCCHN. Merck believes that to truly deliver the promise of innovation for patients, it is vital to support and encourage research from other endeavors. This is demonstrated through Merck's Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI) initiative, which awards researchers for their pioneering independent work in pushing the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation. The award ceremony will once again coincide with ESMO and takes place on Sunday, October 9, 2016. *Tepotinib is the proposed nonproprietary name for the c-Met kinase inhibitor (also known as MSC2156119J). Avelumab and tepotinib are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective. There is no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication by any health authority worldwide. Notes to Editors  Accepted Merck-supported abstracts are listed below. In addition, a number of investigator-sponsored studies have been accepted, including several related to Erbitux (not listed). (CONTINUA) Últimas noticias Donald Trump Black Friday Rajoy PSOE Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados 14:31Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El WiFi también viaja en trenes AVE 14:12Comunicados TIC COMUNICADO: Herramientas y consejos para posicionar una página web 14:11Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: El equipo de CDG, filial de Boeing, gana el premio Brandon Hall Gold dentro de la categoría de aprendizaje y desarrollo Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada europa press 1 Trump pone al frente de la CIA a Mike Pompeo, un congresista del Tea Party 2 La Guardia Civil reta a la Policía Nacional con un 'Mannequin Challenge' 3 The Walking Dead: La escalofriante teoría sobre Enid que incendia las redes sociales 4 La reválida de Bachillerato será como Selectividad, con exámenes sólo de troncales de 2º 5 Día Mundial de la Filosofía 2016: 12 frases de filósofos que seguro te harán reflexionar Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en europa press Internacional Trump pone al frente de la CIA a Mike Pompeo, un congresista del Tea Party Viral La Guardia Civil reta a la Policía Nacional con un 'Mannequin Challenge' Series & TV The Walking Dead: La escalofriante teoría sobre Enid que incendia las redes sociales europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2016 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Este sitio web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros, puedes ver nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Wirtschaft durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     wirtschaft Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0001, 28. Sep. 2016, 08:29 drucken mailen als pdf als Text Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 Darmstadt, Germany (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for UK- or US-based media ESMO Abstract # Avelumab: 777PD, 775PD, 1154P, 842TiP, 844TiP; Erbitux: 527P, 491P, 967P, 994P; Tepotinib: 1257P, 1287TiP, 1292TiP Merck to feature new research from marketed and pipeline compounds Preliminary results from combination study with avelumab in renal cell carcinoma, and updates on Phase II tepotinib program in non-small cell lung cancer, to be presented Merck to announce 2016 Grant for Oncology Innovation winners coinciding with ESMO Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that new research from their marketed and pipeline compounds will be presented at this year's European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO; October 7-11, 2016, Copenhagen, Denmark) annual meeting. Presentations will focus on hard-to-treat cancers, and include: study results for Erbitux® (cetuximab) in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN); preliminary study results in bladder cancer and renal cell carcinoma (RCC) for avelumab, which is being developed in collaboration with Pfizer; and updates on the Phase II program for tepotinib* in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "The data being presented at ESMO reflect our commitment to making a meaningful difference in patients' lives, in particular those who are affected by hard-to-treat cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Head of Global Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We continue to focus on researching the full potential of Erbitux, as well as our ongoing pipeline development programs for avelumab and other early-stage oncology and immuno-oncology compounds." At ESMO, avelumab will be featured in four posters that add to the growing body of evidence of the potential of this investigational compound. These will include data updates in bladder cancer that confirm avelumab's potential in this hard-to-treat cancer; and preliminary results from a combination study with axitinib in RCC that support the rationale to evaluate the combination in a Phase III pivotal study. Tepotinib, a highly selective c-Met kinase inhibitor, will also be highlighted in three posters, with updates on the ongoing study program in c-Met-positive metastatic NSCLC. Several studies, which will be presented at ESMO, once again reaffirm Erbitux as a standard-of-care therapy for mCRC patients with RAS wild-type tumors and patients with SCCHN. Merck believes that to truly deliver the promise of innovation for patients, it is vital to support and encourage research from other endeavors. This is demonstrated through Merck's Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI) initiative, which awards researchers for their pioneering independent work in pushing the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation. The award ceremony will once again coincide with ESMO and takes place on Sunday, October 9, 2016. *Tepotinib is the proposed nonproprietary name for the c-Met kinase inhibitor (also known as MSC2156119J). Avelumab and tepotinib are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective. There is no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication by any health authority worldwide. Notes to Editors Accepted Merck-supported abstracts are listed below. In addition, a number of investigator-sponsored studies have been accepted, including several related to Erbitux (not listed). Erbitux Title: Impact of tumor epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) status on the outcomes of first-line FOLFOX-4 ± cetuximab in patients (pts) with RAS-wild-type (wt) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) in the randomized phase 3 TAILOR trial Lead Author: S Qin Abstract #: 527P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Impact of surgical resection of liver metastases on outcome of patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma (mCRC) treated with a cetuximab-based first-line therapy - Analysis of the KRAS-wildtype exon 2 (KRAS-wt) subgroup of the German non-interventional study ERBITAG Lead Author: U Neumann Abstract #: 491P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Observational study of the dose intensity relative to cetuximab in the first-line treatment of recurrent and/or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: data on the maintenance and bi-weekly use (DIRECT study) Lead Author: J Guigay Abstract #: 967P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Cetuximab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy or radiotherapy in recurrent and/or metastatic SCCHN in a non-selected patient cohort (interim analysis of the phase IV SOCCER trial) Lead Author: M Hecht Abstract #: 994P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Avelumab Title: Avelumab (MSB0010718C; anti-PD-L1) in patients with metastatic urothelial carcinoma progressed after platinum-based therapy or platinum ineligible Lead Author: M Patel Abstract #: 777PD Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30-17:30 Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate Room/Details: Athens Title: Phase 1b dose-finding study of avelumab (anti-PD-L1) + axitinib in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma Lead Author: J Larkin Abstract #: 775PD Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30-17:30 Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate Room/Details: Athens Title: Evaluation of real world treatment outcomes in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) following second line chemotherapy Lead Author: J Becker Abstract #: 1154P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: A multicenter, international, randomized, open-label phase 3 trial of avelumab + best supportive care (BSC) vs BSC alone as maintenance therapy after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy in patients with advanced urothelial cancer (JAVELIN Bladder 100) Lead Author: T Powles Abstract #: 842TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Phase 3 study of avelumab in combination with axitinib versus sunitinib as first-line treatment for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC) Lead Author: R Motzer Abstract #: 844TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Tepotinib Title: Tepotinib plus gefitinib in patients with c-Met-positive/EGFR-mutant NSCLC: recommended phase II dose (RP2D), tolerability, and efficacy Lead Author: Y-L Wu Abstract #: 1257P Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: Design of a phase II trial comparing tepotinib + gefitinib with cisplatin + pemetrexed in EGFR inhibitor-resistant, c-Met+ NSCLC Lead Author: Y-L Wu Abstract #: 1287TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E Title: A phase II trial investigating the highly selective c-Met inhibitor tepotinib in stage IIIB/IV lung adenocarcinoma with MET exon 14 alterations after failure of at least one prior therapy Lead Author: P Paik Abstract #: 1292TiP Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00 Session: Poster Display Session Room/Details: Hall E For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Avelumab Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action which may enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About Erbitux Erbitux® is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. About Tepotinib Tepotinib (also known as MSC2156119J) is an investigational small-molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase capable of inhibiting both hepatocyte growth factor-dependent and -independent c-MET activation in low nanomolar concentrations. Alterations of the c-Met signaling pathway are found in various cancer types and correlate with aggressive tumor behavior and poor clinical prognosis. Tepotinib is currently under evaluation in Phase I/II trials. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160524/371574LOGO ) Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR6873/aom Rückfragen & Kontakt: Heike Schmiedt +49-6151-72-7498 ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0007 „AM ENDE: ARCHITEKTUR. ZE... Mitterlehner zu WEF-Ranki... Merck KGaA Zum Pressroom Rückfragen & Kontakt Heike Schmiedt +49-6151-72-7498 Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: International, Technologie, Pharma, Medizin, Gesundheit Channel: Wirtschaft Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Wirtschaft weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Wirtschaft EANS-News: Österreichische Staatsdruckerei Holding AG / Österreichische Staatsdruckerei Holding AG Merkel und Obama besuchen Messestand von ifm ifm electronic gmbh Team der Boeing-Tochter CDG wird mit Brandon Hall Gold Award für Lernen und Entwicklung ausgezeichnet CDG, a Boeing Company weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Freitag, 18. Nov. 2016, 16:00 Trüffelauktion Verein Trüffelmarkt Freitag, 18. Nov. 2016, 18:00 20. Wiener Architektur Kongress: Am Ende: Architektur. Zeitreisen 1959 – 2019 Architekturzentrum Wien Freitag, 18. Nov. 2016, 18:00 Präsentation: Vienna Physix Lautsprecher 'Diva grandezza' Vienna Physix weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale OTS-Video, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2016 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang

Go Friday 18 November 2016 News Nigeria Africa World Metro Senate President tasks Chevening Alumni on nation building 37 mins ago  Nigeria Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Confirm Justice Onnoghen as CJN 9 hours ago 1  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money ‘NAHCO workers connived in narcotic export attempt’ 9 hours ago 2  Aviation Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology NCC, telecom consumers, service providers interact over quality servicey 40 mins ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf 'New Vardy' set for Leicester return at Watford 20 mins ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Judge awards $36 mn to estate of Whitney Houston's daughter 2 hours ago  Music Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak New lung transplant technique could save lives 1 hour ago  Natural Health More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith News  |  Nigeria   German firm re-launches drugs to manage diabetes in Nigeria By Clarkson Voke Eberu   |   28 September 2016   |   1:08 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Diabetes Test German healthcare group, Merck, has re-launched its Type 2 diabetes drugs, Glucovance and Glucophage, to effectively tackle the ailment in the country. Speaking at the event in Lagos, General Manager, Merck Nigeria, Charles Ajibo, who noted that the move was also to formally announced its presence, added: “Prior to 2014, Merck was represented in Nigeria by agents. So, all products of Merck are in Nigeria, but we are now present in Nigeria as Merck. We are re-launching our brands in order to re-establish the priorities to our country that these good, trusted and very verifiable products are still here in Nigeria.” He explained that Glucophage would be 60 years old by 2017, saying the drug had stood the test of time. Consultant physician with Asokoro General hospital, Abuja, Dr. Henry Onyegbutulem, commended the drug, adding: “I have used Glucovance for some time now and found it very useful on my patients. Its coming has made it very easy for our patients.” Chairman of the occasion and Head, Department of Medicine and an Endocrinologist, University of Ibadan, Professor Adesoji Fasanmade, highlighted the efficiency, affordability and availability of the drug, noting that this special category accounts for 90 per cent of diabetes patients nationwide. According to a Senior Lecturer, College of Medicine, University of Lagos and Honorary Consultant to the Lagos University Teaching Hospital,  (LUTH), Dr. Ifedayo Odeniyi, serious focus should be placed on the health insurance scheme, even as he urged government to subsidise healthcare and effectively monitor facilities in the country. He stressed that government does not have a big role to play in terms of education, adding: “We need to educate people in terms of prevention but when it comes to treatment, most of these medications are not manufactured here and when equipment are brought in, especially for monitoring, this increases the cost borne by the patients. This is where government needs to intervene in subsidising care in the form of tax rebate for the companies that bring in these equipment for monitoring.” Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Charles AjiboGlucovance and GlucophageMerck You may also like Government unveils strategy on ease of doing business 28 Sep 1  Nigeria Nigeria to emulate India on agric model, says Buhari 28 Sep  Nigeria Ohanaeze to mark Igbo day at secretariat 28 Sep 1  Nigeria More   Football 'New Vardy' set for Leicester return at Watford 27 mins ago   Guardiola seeks right gear at petering Palace 35 mins ago   Klopp confident Liverpool momentum is intact 52 mins ago   Wenger, Mourinho set for Old Trafford reunion 1 hour ago   Get the latest news and analysis of issues from Nigeria, Africa and around the world, direct into your inbox, daily Subscribe Now Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2016 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.

null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Early movers: FL, ANF, BKE, HIBB, AAL, WFC, UPS, CRM, GPS & more × × × Biotech and Pharmaceuticals Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine Mylan CEO's testimony was a huge blow to the entire pharma industry Bill George Tuesday, 27 Sep 2016 | 8:18 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Andrew Harrer | Bloomberg | Getty Images Heather Bresch, chief executive officer of Mylan NV, listens during a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing in Washington, Sept. 21, 2016. Tune in to CNBC's "Squawk on the Street" at 10am Tuesday. Bill George will be a guest. The disregard for children's health that Mylan CEO Heather Bresch demonstrated in her testimony to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee directly harms consumers. Less directly, Mylan's exceptionally high price increases erode public confidence in all medical companies, including those investing billions in research to help people suffering from life-threatening diseases. When companies like Mylan, Valeant and Turing Pharmaceuticals — which have grown profits through financial engineering, not drug discovery — take advantage of loopholes in our health-care system, they create public outrage against all medical companies. I have a growing concern this outrage will have dire consequences for research-based pharmaceutical companies, and could even lead to price controls. Rather than acknowledging her mistakes in raising EpiPen prices 500 percent from $100 to more than $600, Bresch has tried to obfuscate her actions by shifting the blame to health plans and pharmacy benefits managers that have instituted co-payment and high deductible plans to keep premiums low for strapped consumers. Mylan's largest price increases came shortly after the FDA pulled its competitors off the market, leaving the firm with a monopoly. Meanwhile, Bresch claimed Mylan was not making much money on EpiPens while admitting it earned $100 on a net selling price of $274 (after normal discounts). In her testimony she said Mylan earned $100 on a net selling price of $274 (after normal discounts). It turns out that Bresch misstated Mylan's profit on Epipens – it's actually $160, not $100, as the Wall Street Journal reported. That is a profit margin of 60 percent – exceptionally high by any standard. Yet she could not answer basic questions from Congress about revenues from EpiPens and their contribution to Mylan's profits. Bresch used EpiPen's success to fuel her rapid rise to the CEO's office, yet she proved in that testimony that she is not stepping up to the responsibilities her role demands. Publicly, she led with her chin by saying, "I am running a business to make money" as if she were running a financial fund. Bresch may feel protected from the wrath of Congress and the public by Mylan's highly unusual governance procedures, established when the company executed a tax inversion to The Netherlands in 2015 after it turned down a purchase offer from rival Teva valued at more than twice today's stock price. Under its procedures shareholders don't get to nominate board members; only the board can do that. Authentic health-care companies from Mayo to Merck understand they are in business to restore people's health, and if they did that well, profits would follow. Mylan seems to be ignoring Merck founder George Merck's admonition, "Medicine is for the people. It is not for the profits. The profits follow, and if we have remembered that, they have never failed to appear." At Medtronic, our founder Earl Bakken charged us with "using biomedical engineering … to restore health." As Medtronic revenues grew from $400 million in 1985 to $30 billion today, every CEO has faithfully followed Bakken's mission through good times and difficult ones. Medtronic's proudest achievement over these 31 years is not its growth in shareholder value from $400 million to $120 billion, but fulfilling its original mission by expanding the number of new patients restored each year from 150,000 to 30 million today. In 1990 in response to public concerns over rising health-care costs, Medtronic instituted a "no price increase" policy. This put pressure on us to reduce our costs while spurring investment in more advanced products. It paid off with rapid growth and high profits, which were invested in research and development, expansion into emerging markets, and acquisitions to broaden the company's base. One of Bresch's only defenders in this experience is disgraced former hedge-fund manager Martin Shkreli, who resigned as CEO of Turing after his outrageous 5,500 percent price increases on an AIDS drug fueled public anger. To Bresch's credit, she tried to answer questions, while just Shkreli smirked in his Congressional appearance while taking the Fifth Amendment. He later arrogantly called the congressmen, "imbeciles." The public furor these bad actors have stirred up will not subside soon, especially in this election year, and are stimulating legislative actions rather than market-based solutions. Pharmaceutical companies have long argued that they need patent protection and pricing freedom in order to justify returns on large investments in research. Yet that argument falls flat in the cases of Mylan, Valeant and Turing, which historically have not invested in research. As long as these types of companies stay in news, public pressure will mount for government price controls or at least the ability to negotiate prices. The unintended consequence of such actions could be cutbacks in high-risk research aimed at curing and healing the most threatening diseases that require high returns to justify high costs. In contrast, the major pharmaceutical companies base their success on high-cost, high-risk science with long lead times and no assurance of returns. In recent years some short-term investors have argued for cutting back research and simply buying drugs from others. Yet those who have committed to research without hesitation — Merck, Amgen, Genentech and Novartis, just to name a few – have created breakthrough drugs that saved millions of lives and generated high returns on their investments for their long-term shareholders. With pharmaceutical prices now under public scrutiny, responsible leaders of medical companies should call for and demonstrate restraint in setting prices for their products, especially when they enjoy protected positions. Thus far, the only CEOs to speak out publicly against these abuses are GSK's Andrew Witty, Merck's Ken Frazier and Allergan's Brent Saunders. They should be voluntarily joined by other CEOs and industry associations like PhRMA and AdvaMed. The time for health care's leaders to act is now, before Congress acts for them. Commentary by Bill George, a senior fellow at Harvard Business School and the former Chairman and CEO of Medtronic. He previously served on the board of Novartis. He is also author of the book "Discover Your True North." Follow him on Twitter @Bill_George. For more insight from CNBC contributors, follow @CNBCopinion on Twitter. Bill GeorgeSenior Fellow, Harvard Business School and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Medtronic, Inc. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MDT --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
News Magazines OpEd Video Data Jobs News Business Entertainment Sports News Simba pursue signature of former prolific forward Yanga risk losing Caf slot 2 minutes ago Demand for gas to grow in 2017, but more slowly Magazines Magazines Bringing Tanzania heritage closer to the rest of the world Battle line drawn with eatv awards nominations 1 day ago EAC told to streamline interest rates 1 day ago CORPORATE SUFI : Boosting your productivity OpEd Video Data Jobs = Tuesday, September 27, 2016 Shortage of drugs in govt facilities must be checked   In Summary The issue is not new. It is one of the huge challenges our public health facilities have, for long, grappled with. The hospitals are supplied drugs by the MSD. By Citizen In yesterday’s issue of The Citizen, we carried a story highlighting a perennial problem in our health sector: drug shortage in public hospitals. The story brought to light the desperate situation the Medical Stores Department (MSD) is in. It is owed Sh142 billion by the government. The issue is not new. It is one of the huge challenges our public health facilities have, for long, grappled with. The hospitals are supplied drugs by the MSD. Unfortunately, not much has been done to address the matter once and for all, which would have entailed putting in place a systems that ensures smooth-running of the MSD. The supply of drugs to public hospitals is being hampered by serious shortage of funds the MSD faces. A drugs supply monitoring undertaken by the health NGO, Sikika, indicates that the government has provided only 32 per cent of the money that the agency needs for quarter ending on Friday. It further reveals that the government has only released Sh20 billion to MSD for the purchase of important medicines and medical supplies by September 16, out of the Sh62.5 billion that should have been released for the July-September quarter. In mid this year, the Parliament approved for the MSD Sh250 billion for the 2016/17 fiscal year. As of September 16, the agency’s warehouses in the country had only 170 units of Paracetamol tablets with one unit containing 1,000 tables. It is the ordinary citizens who are seriously affected by the shortage of drugs and other medical sundries at public hospitals. Private pharmacies In some government health institutions, patients are forced to buy medicines from private pharmacies. This is something which can no longer be glossed over, for it endangers the lives of many hapless patients. It is a situation that calls for a swift and pragmatic response from relevant authorities. This depressing scenario isn’t confined to one or two public hospitals; it is a worrying situation which is quite widespread. In rural areas, some State-run health facilities have ceased to perform their primary function. Looking at the cases highlighted above, it is easy to find out where the problem is. In most of these cases, the Medical Stores Department (MSD) has been castigated by health centres for the delays. MSD has, however, often blamed slow supply of drugs to the public hospitals on lack of funds as it owed billions by the State. In some cases, the agency says it supplies health units after receiving their orders. So where is the problem? Do the health centres send their orders late? Is the government not committed to addressing the challenges that affect timely delivery of drugs and other medical supplies to health facilities? These are questions the Health ministry, administrators of facilities and MSD should critically study and answer if we are to rid our health sector of the chronic problem of drug shortage. While the government is hailed for its cost-cutting drive and war against corruption, for some, shortage of drugs in public hospitals is a clear case of misplaced priorities. In The Headlines 4  hours ago Student loan beneficiaries in for more shock, surprise Higher education loan beneficiaries were in for more surprises yesterday, with some  claiming 3  hours ago Congestion at rapid transit bus stations raises concern City commuters will have to contend with congestion at rapid transit bus stations for much longer News Tanzania seeks ICC reforms   3  hours ago News JPM signs contentious Media Bill into law   3  hours ago International Prince William warns of looming threat of extinction   1 day ago International Fake US election news outshone real on Facebook: report   1 day ago Advertisement Political Reforms WARAH: Making angels out of Africa’s rogue leaders Opinion/Editorial FROM THE PUBLIC EDITOR'S DESK: Scribes’ dilemma: to be or not to be objective Opinion/Editorial WHAT OTHERS SAY: Is Kenya really exceptional in E.Africa? Opinion/Editorial WINNING LEADERSHIP: How to define yourself and brighten up your prospects Opinion/Editorial A CHAT FROM LONDON: Problems, troubles…and even more of the same! Advertisement Advertisement Tweets by @TheCitizenTZ Photo gallery Kinya August Advertisement Latest News 1 Sports Savio fly to J’burg for invitational tourney 2 Sports Simba pursue signature of former prolific forward 3 Sports Yanga risk losing Caf slot 4 The Beat Bringing Tanzania heritage closer to the rest of the world 5 The Beat Battle line drawn with eatv awards nominations 6 Business Demand for gas to grow in 2017, but more slowly 7 Business BoA shifts target on mortgage clientele 8 Business What insurers must focus on 9 Business Tanesco told not to increase tariffs 10 Politics Gambia leader urges peace at start of presidential campaign Advertisement About us Emails Contact us Privacy policy Mwananchi Mwanaspoti Daily Nation Monitor Epapers MCL RSS

| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Sep 28 2016. 02 21 PM IST Hilleman Lab scouts for partners to launch rotavirus vaccine in India A heat-stable rotavirus vaccine will eliminate the need for cold-storage facilities, driving down costs and also partially removing logistical inefficiencies Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Arijit Paladhi Hilleman is presently developing vaccines to treat rotavirus, cholera and meningitis, with the rotavirus vaccine in the Phase I/II clinical trial stage. New Delhi: Hilleman Laboratories, an initiative between pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co (MSD Pharmaceuticals in India) and UK-based charitable organization Wellcome Trust, is in talks to partner domestic and global vaccine companies to manufacture and market its thermostable, or heat-resistant, rotavirus vaccine in India. The research-based company, which largely works in the space of low-cost vaccines to prevent paediatric diseases in developing countries, is owned equally by both MSD and Wellcome Trust. “We are currently discussing potential partnerships with different pharmaceutical companies for our vaccines. Since Hilleman Labs does not have its own manufacturing unit, we are looking to explore other suitable arrangements,” said Dr Davinder Gill, chief executive officer, Hilleman Laboratories. Hilleman is presently developing vaccines to treat rotavirus, cholera and meningitis, with the rotavirus vaccine in the Phase I/II clinical trial stage. Domestically, there are a handful of vaccine manufacturing companies including Bharat Biotech Ltd, Indian Immunologicals Ltd, Serum Institute of India, Panacea Biotec Ltd, GSK Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Bharat Serums and Vaccines Ltd, and Shantha Biotechnics Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of French drugmaker Sanofi. Since the company’s primary focus is on developing countries, cost-effectiveness of the vaccines is one of the most important factors. A heat-stable rotavirus vaccine would eliminate the need for cold-storage facilities, driving down costs and partially removing logistical inefficiencies. Sample this. “The Rotavirus Vaccine should be stored at -20°C at GMSDs (government medical stores depot), state, regional and district stores, in the walk-in freezers or deep freezers. Cold chain points below district level should store vaccine at +2°C to +8°C, in ice-lined refrigerators. Rotavirus vaccine should be transported in cold boxes with conditioned ice-packs..,” dictates the operational guidelines for rotavirus vaccine under India’s immunization programme. Incidentally, the active ingredient for Hilleman’s rotavirus vaccine is sourced from Merck. “The partnership we seek for manufacturing vaccines will need to certainly be affordable and safe, which is our primary goal,” said Gill. Founded in 2009, MSD Pharmaceuticals and Wellcome Trust had invested about Rs.700 crore in the company. The company, however, is looking at long-term prospects of profitability by licencing out their innovation to others which can market vaccines, and a consequent revenue stream through milestone-based royalties. “We have no plans of setting up a manufacturing plant anytime soon. The road to profitability will take time—at least 3 to 4 years—so we are focusing on the priming our research pipeline along with leveraging our current research for revenues,” said Gill. Rotavirus, which causes severe diarrhoea, claims 80,000 children in India every year while nine lakh children seek hospitalisation. On an average, at least 32.7 lakh severe diarrhoea cases are received in outpatient departments in India annually. Arijit Paladhi Topics: Hilleman Laboratoriesrotavirus vaccineMerckDavinder Gillpharma More from this Section Bharat Forge to buy Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 million Winners of Infosys Prize 2016 announced Snapdeal’s logistics arm COO Vijay Ghadge quits Infosys invests Rs14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up Sebi to auction Sahara group’s five more land parcels Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Donald Trump’s firm signs deal for Kolkata real estate project Consequences of the demonetisation shock First Published: Wed, Sep 28 2016. 11 07 AM IST Latest News Lounge preview: ‘Pulp Fiction’ in open air Modi govt’s move to curb black money a ‘disaster’ for rural women, activists say George Soros, Stanley Druckenmiller joined by ETF investors abandoning gold Editor's Picks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts Latest News Lounge preview: ‘Pulp Fiction’ in open air Modi govt’s move to curb black money a ‘disaster’ for rural women, activists say George Soros, Stanley Druckenmiller joined by ETF investors abandoning gold Trump, RSS and blissful coexistence Cash withdrawal using debit cards starts at 700 petrol pumps Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
373725 3399 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Chimica e Farmacia . Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 CHIMICA E FARMACIA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 28/09/2016 08:27 DARMSTADT, Germany, September 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or US-based media   ESMO Abstract # Avelumab: 777PD, 775PD, 1154P, 842TiP, 844TiP; Erbitux: 527P, 491P, 967P, 994P; Tepotinib: 1257P, 1287TiP, 1292TiP  Merck, a leading science and technology company, today announced that new research from their marketed and pipeline compounds will be presented at this year's European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO; October 7-11, 2016, Copenhagen, Denmark) annual meeting. Presentations will focus on hard-to-treat cancers, and include: study results for Erbitux® (cetuximab) in metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN); preliminary study results in bladder cancer and renal cell carcinoma (RCC) for avelumab, which is being developed in collaboration with Pfizer; and updates on the Phase II program for tepotinib* in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). "The data being presented at ESMO reflect our commitment to making a meaningful difference in patients' lives, in particular those who are affected by hard-to-treat cancers," said Luciano Rossetti, Executive Vice President, Head of Global Research & Development at the biopharma business of Merck. "We continue to focus on researching the full potential of Erbitux, as well as our ongoing pipeline development programs for avelumab and other early-stage oncology and immuno-oncology compounds." At ESMO, avelumab will be featured in four posters that add to the growing body of evidence of the potential of this investigational compound. These will include data updates in bladder cancer that confirm avelumab's potential in this hard-to-treat cancer; and preliminary results from a combination study with axitinib in RCC that support the rationale to evaluate the combination in a Phase III pivotal study. Tepotinib, a highly selective c-Met kinase inhibitor, will also be highlighted in three posters, with updates on the ongoing study program in c-Met-positive metastatic NSCLC. Several studies, which will be presented at ESMO, once again reaffirm Erbitux as a standard-of-care therapy for mCRC patients with RAS wild-type tumors and patients with SCCHN. Merck believes that to truly deliver the promise of innovation for patients, it is vital to support and encourage research from other endeavors. This is demonstrated through Merck's Grant for Oncology Innovation (GOI) initiative, which awards researchers for their pioneering independent work in pushing the boundaries of creativity and science in order to deliver transformative innovation. The award ceremony will once again coincide with ESMO and takes place on Sunday, October 9, 2016. *Tepotinib is the proposed nonproprietary name for the c-Met kinase inhibitor (also known as MSC2156119J). Avelumab and tepotinib are under clinical investigation and have not been proven to be safe and effective. There is no guarantee any product will be approved in the sought-after indication by any health authority worldwide. Notes to Editors  Accepted Merck-supported abstracts are listed below. In addition, a number of investigator-sponsored studies have been accepted, including several related to Erbitux (not listed). Erbitux Title: Impact of tumor epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) status on the outcomes of first-line FOLFOX-4 ± cetuximab in patients (pts) with RAS-wild-type (wt) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) in the randomized phase 3 TAILOR trialLead Author: S QinAbstract #: 527PPresentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E Title: Impact of surgical resection of liver metastases on outcome of patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma (mCRC) treated with a cetuximab-based first-line therapy - Analysis of the KRAS-wildtype exon 2 (KRAS-wt) subgroup of the German non-interventional study ERBITAGLead Author: U NeumannAbstract #: 491PPresentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E Title: Observational study of the dose intensity relative to cetuximab in the first-line treatment of recurrent and/or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: data on the maintenance and bi-weekly use (DIRECT study)Lead Author: J GuigayAbstract #: 967PPresentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E Title: Cetuximab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy or radiotherapy in recurrent and/or metastatic SCCHN in a non-selected patient cohort (interim analysis of the phase IV SOCCER trial)Lead Author: M HechtAbstract #: 994PPresentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E Avelumab Title: Avelumab (MSB0010718C; anti-PD-L1) in patients with metastatic urothelial carcinoma progressed after platinum-based therapy or platinum ineligibleLead Author: M PatelAbstract #: 777PDPresentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30–17:30Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostateRoom/Details: Athens Title: Phase 1b dose-finding study of avelumab (anti-PD-L1) + axitinib in treatment-naïve patients with advanced renal cell carcinomaLead Author: J LarkinAbstract #: 775PDPresentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30–17:30Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostateRoom/Details: Athens Title: Evaluation of real world treatment outcomes in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) following second line chemotherapyLead Author: J BeckerAbstract #: 1154PPresentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E Title: A multicenter, international, randomized, open-label phase 3 trial of avelumab + best supportive care (BSC) vs BSC alone as maintenance therapy after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy in patients with advanced urothelial cancer (JAVELIN Bladder 100)Lead Author: T PowlesAbstract #: 842TiPPresentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E Title: Phase 3 study of avelumab in combination with axitinib versus sunitinib as first-line treatment for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC)Lead Author: R MotzerAbstract #: 844TiPPresentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E Tepotinib Title: Tepotinib plus gefitinib in patients with c-Met-positive/EGFR-mutant NSCLC: recommended phase II dose (RP2D), tolerability, and efficacyLead Author: Y-L WuAbstract #: 1257PPresentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E Title: Design of a phase II trial comparing tepotinib + gefitinib with cisplatin + pemetrexed in EGFR inhibitor-resistant, c-Met+ NSCLCLead Author: Y-L WuAbstract #: 1287TiPPresentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E Title: A phase II trial investigating the highly selective c-Met inhibitor tepotinib in stage IIIB/IV lung adenocarcinoma with MET exon 14 alterations after failure of at least one prior therapyLead Author: P PaikAbstract #: 1292TiPPresentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00–14:00Session: Poster Display SessionRoom/Details: Hall E For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Avelumab   Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action which may enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About Erbitux  Erbitux® is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. About Tepotinib  Tepotinib (also known as MSC2156119J) is an investigational small-molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase capable of inhibiting both hepatocyte growth factor-dependent and -independent c-MET activation in low nanomolar concentrations. Alterations of the c-Met signaling pathway are found in various cancer types and correlate with aggressive tumor behavior and poor clinical prognosis. Tepotinib is currently under evaluation in Phase I/II trials. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160524/371574LOGO ) Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Uno scudo 'protettivo' da 36.000 tonnellate per il reattore di Chernobyl Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Scoperta italiana choc: "Dna 'alieno' in un malato di leucemia acuta su 2" 2. Arriva la 'tassa sulla morte' 3. "Quella str...a della Fornero!", Salvini durissimo su Facebook /Video 4. "L'ho messa sotto terra", in tv la confessione del marito di Manuela Teverini /Video 5. "Se vince il NO un'altra apocalisse?", bufera sul post di Santoro Video Il ritorno a casa per Natale, lo spot commovente dell'aeroporto Heathrow di Londra A Roma la Youth Orchestra suona dal vivo 'Il monello di Chaplin' Maldive, l’Università Bicocca realizza una casa dell’acqua pubblica Uno scudo 'protettivo' da 36.000 tonnellate per il reattore di Chernobyl Herbert Ballerina è un boss per caso in 'Quel bravo ragazzo' "I fantastici anni '90", Paolo Ruffini su AdnKronos Live ‘Rwd- Fwd’ è il titolo della mostra di Alfredo Pirri nel suo nuovo studio/archivio Quasimodo, il pastore tedesco che ha fatto 'intenerire' il web Tg AdnKronos, 15 novembre 2016 In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' 'Energia per il futuro. Eccellenza Italia': Terna inaugura in Sardegna polo elettrico innovativo Venice Day 2016 Fiaip, la ripresa del mercato immobiliare c'è ma è ancora lenta World Pancreatic Cancer day Esperti a confronto su 'Il ruolo della carne nell’alimentazione umana. Novità dalla ricerca' A Milano 'L'Artigiano in Fiera', villaggio globale delle arti e dei mestieri Energia, online la newsletter del Gme Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 373725 3399 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
europa press Abonados Europa Press Abonados Últimas Noticias España España Opinión Internacional Internacional África Asia Norteamérica Europa Oriente Próximo Elecciones EEUU 2016 Economía Economía Macroeconomía Empresas Finanzas Energía Construcción Transportes Legal Laboral Fiscal Bolsa Deportes Deportes Fútbol Motociclismo F1 Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Eurocopa 2016 Tarragona 2017 Olimpiadas Danone Nations Cup Otros deportes Circuito Running Universitario Vídeos de Fútbol Cultura Cultura Cine Música Críticas Exposiciones Libros TV Cartelera Sociedad Sociedad Educación Medio Ambiente Consumo Sucesos Salud Comunicados Moving for Climate NOW Autonomías Andalucía Andalucía Almería Cádiz Córdoba Granada Huelva Jaén Málaga Sevilla Turismo Educación Cooperación Economía y Conocimiento Fundación Cajasol Plan Supera Sevilla Jaén, Paraíso Interior Córdoba Única Costa de Almería Cádiz al Día Puertos del Estado EsAndalucía Aragón Aragón Huesca Teruel Zaragoza Cantabria Cantabria Cantabria Sostenible Cantabria Infinita Cantabria Cultura y Deporte Cantabria XXI Castilla-La Mancha Castilla-La Mancha Albacete Ciudad Real Cuenca Guadalajara Toledo Castilla y León Castilla y León Ávila Burgos León Palencia Salamanca Segovia Soria Valladolid Zamora Catalunya Catalunya Barcelona Girona Lleida Tarragona Fira de Barcelona Barcelona Economías Extremadura Extremadura Badajoz Cáceres Cáceres Provincial Galicia Galicia A Coruña Lugo Ourense Pontevedra Galego Galicia Rural Pesca Galicia Islas Canarias Islas Canarias Las Palmas S.C de Tenerife Gran Canaria Islas Baleares Madrid Madrid CEU Ifema País Vasco País Vasco Álava Guipuzcoa Vizcaya Euskera La Rioja C. Valenciana Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón Valencia Valencià Valencià Comunitat Valenciana Espanya Internacional Cultura Esport Innova Cultura Navarra Asturias Asturias Asturianu Asturias Rural Murcia Ceuta y Melilla Ciencia Ciencia Misiones Espaciales Astronomia Hábitat y Clima Ruinas y Fósiles Laboratorio Comunicados Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs Europa Press Comunicación Chance Chance Famosos Realeza Belleza Moda Cine y Música TV Lifestyle Vídeos Portaltic Portaltic Internet Social Media Gadgets Videojuegos Software Empresa Portalgeek Sector EPSocial EPSocial Derechos Humanos Migración Infancia Cooperación y Desarrollo Igualdad Punto Crítico Responsables Notimérica Notimérica Iberoamérica México Brasil Argentina Chile Colombia Perú Bolivia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua Panamá Paraguay Puerto Rico República Dominicana El Salvador Uruguay Venezuela Turismo Turismo Actualidad Nacional En el Mundo Transportes Aeropuertos Aerolíneas Tren Navieras Otros Hoteles y Agencias Hoteles Agencias y TTOO Corporativo Cruceros Turismo Verde Destino España España Verde Pirineos Costa del Sol Costa Blanca Costa Dorada Costa Brava Costa de la Luz Costa Cálida Canarias Baleares Turismo Urbano Grandes Viajes Cultura Ocio Cultura Ocio Series & TV Cine Música Cartelera Vídeos Ocio en Casa Infosalus Infosalus Salud Farmacia Actualidad Mujer Nutrición Estética Asistencia Mayores Enfermedades Alergología Aparato Respiratorio Endocrinología y Nutrición Medicina Deportiva Oftalmología Psiquiatría Aparato Digestivo Cardiología Ginecología Neurología Oncología Traumatología Aparato Locomotor Dematología Infecciosas Odontología Pediatría Urología Desconecta Desconecta Curiosity Lifestyle Animal Party Viral Matchball Memes Motor Motor Coches Motos Industriales Sector Seguridad Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Impulsamos Servicios Servicios Europa Press Tiempo Tráfico Cartelera Sorteos Guia TV Horóscopo Especiales Elecciones Gallegas 25S Elecciones Vascas 25S Elecciones 26J Eurocopa 2016 Niños rotos por la guerra Lotería de Navidad 2016 Comunicados Internacional / COMUNICADO: Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 (y 2) Menéalo Comparte en Facebook Comparte en Twitter Comparte en Linkedin   Comunicados Internacional Empresas Sociedad Salud TIC Latinoamérica ComuniCATs - Europa Press Comunicación - Comunicados Internacional Siguiente noticia Trump pone al frente de la CIA a Mike Pompeo, un congresista del Tea Party Noticia anterior Esta es la información personal que debes borrar de tu cuenta de Facebook COMUNICADO: Merck to Present New Research Focused on Hard-to-Treat Cancers at ESMO 2016 (y 2) Publicado 28/09/2016 8:27:39CET Erbitux   Title: Impact of tumor epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) status on the outcomes of first-line FOLFOX-4 plus or minus cetuximab in patients (pts) with RAS-wild-type (wt) metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC) in the randomized phase 3 TAILOR trial  Lead Author: S Qin   Abstract #: 527P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Impact of surgical resection of liver metastases on outcome of patients with metastatic colorectal carcinoma (mCRC) treated with a cetuximab-based first-line therapy - Analysis of the KRAS-wildtype exon 2 (KRAS-wt) subgroup of the German non-interventional study ERBITAG  Lead Author: U Neumann   Abstract #: 491P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Observational study of the dose intensity relative to cetuximab in the first-line treatment of recurrent and/or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck: data on the maintenance and bi-weekly use (DIRECT study)  Lead Author: J Guigay   Abstract #: 967P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Cetuximab in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy or radiotherapy in recurrent and/or metastatic SCCHN in a non-selected patient cohort (interim analysis of the phase IV SOCCER trial)  Lead Author: M Hecht   Abstract #: 994P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Avelumab   Title: Avelumab (MSB0010718C; anti-PD-L1) in patients with metastatic urothelial carcinoma progressed after platinum-based therapy or platinum ineligible  Lead Author: M Patel  Abstract #: 777PD  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30-17:30  Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate   Room/Details: Athens   Title: Phase 1b dose-finding study of avelumab (anti-PD-L1) + axitinib in treatment-naive patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma  Lead Author: J Larkin  Abstract #: 775PD  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 16:30-17:30  Session: Poster Discussion Session Genitourinary tumors, non-prostate   Room/Details: Athens   Title: Evaluation of real world treatment outcomes in patients with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC) following second line chemotherapy  Lead Author: J Becker   Abstract #: 1154P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: A multicenter, international, randomized, open-label phase 3 trial of avelumab + best supportive care (BSC) vs BSC alone as maintenance therapy after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy in patients with advanced urothelial cancer (JAVELIN Bladder 100)  Lead Author: T Powles   Abstract #: 842TiP  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Phase 3 study of avelumab in combination with axitinib versus sunitinib as first-line treatment for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC)  Lead Author: R Motzer   Abstract #: 844TiP  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 9, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Tepotinib   Title: Tepotinib plus gefitinib in patients with c-Met-positive/EGFR-mutant NSCLC: recommended phase II dose (RP2D), tolerability, and efficacy  Lead Author: Y-L Wu  Abstract #: 1257P  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: Design of a phase II trial comparing tepotinib + gefitinib with cisplatin + pemetrexed in EGFR inhibitor-resistant, c-Met+ NSCLC  Lead Author: Y-L Wu  Abstract #: 1287TiP  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E   Title: A phase II trial investigating the highly selective c-Met inhibitor tepotinib in stage IIIB/IV lung adenocarcinoma with MET exon 14 alterations after failure of at least one prior therapy  Lead Author: P Paik  Abstract #: 1292TiP  Presentation date/time (CDT): October 8, 13:00-14:00  Session: Poster Display Session  Room/Details: Hall E  For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Avelumab   Avelumab (also known as MSB0010718C) is an investigational, fully human antibody specific for a protein found on tumor cells called PD-L1, or programmed death ligand-1. Avelumab is thought to have a dual mechanism of action which may enable the immune system to find and attack cancer cells. By binding to PD-L1, avelumab is thought to prevent tumor cells from using PD-L1 for protection against white blood cells such as T-cells, exposing them to anti-tumor responses. Avelumab is also thought to help white blood cells such as natural killer (NK) cells find and attack tumors in a process known as ADCC, or antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity. In November 2014, Merck and Pfizer announced a strategic alliance to co-develop and co-commercialize avelumab. About Erbitux  Erbitux(R) is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. About Tepotinib  Tepotinib (also known as MSC2156119J) is an investigational small-molecule inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase capable of inhibiting both hepatocyte growth factor-dependent and -independent c-MET activation in low nanomolar concentrations. Alterations of the c-Met signaling pathway are found in various cancer types and correlate with aggressive tumor behavior and poor clinical prognosis. Tepotinib is currently under evaluation in Phase I/II trials. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160524/371574LOGO ) Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160524/371574LOGO CONTACT: Your Contact: Heike Schmiedt, +49-6151-72-7498 Últimas noticias Donald Trump Black Friday Rajoy PSOE Mejora la comunicación de tu empresa con Europa Press Comunicación +34 91 359 26 00 comunicacion@europapress.es Últimas noticias / Comunicados 14:31Comunicados Sociedad COMUNICADO: El WiFi también viaja en trenes AVE 14:12Comunicados TIC COMUNICADO: Herramientas y consejos para posicionar una página web 14:11Comunicados Internacional COMUNICADO: El equipo de CDG, filial de Boeing, gana el premio Brandon Hall Gold dentro de la categoría de aprendizaje y desarrollo Más noticias   Lo más leído Portada europa press 1 Trump pone al frente de la CIA a Mike Pompeo, un congresista del Tea Party 2 La Guardia Civil reta a la Policía Nacional con un 'Mannequin Challenge' 3 The Walking Dead: La escalofriante teoría sobre Enid que incendia las redes sociales 4 La reválida de Bachillerato será como Selectividad, con exámenes sólo de troncales de 2º 5 Día Mundial de la Filosofía 2016: 12 frases de filósofos que seguro te harán reflexionar Hoy Una semana Un mes La actualidad más visitada en europa press Internacional Trump pone al frente de la CIA a Mike Pompeo, un congresista del Tea Party Viral La Guardia Civil reta a la Policía Nacional con un 'Mannequin Challenge' Series & TV The Walking Dead: La escalofriante teoría sobre Enid que incendia las redes sociales europa press Contacto Aviso legal Catálogo RSS Portal de actualidad y noticias de la Agencia Europa Press. Publicación digital auditada por OJD. © 2016 Europa Press. Está expresamente prohibida la redistribución y la redifusión de todo o parte de los contenidos de esta web sin su previo y expreso consentimiento. Este sitio web utiliza cookies propias y de terceros, puedes ver nuestra política de cookies - Aceptar Uso de cookies
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Eli Lilly Stock Upgraded: What You Need to Know Goldman Sachs puts its stamp of approval on the Indianapolis drugmaker. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) Sep 27, 2016 at 12:06PM Flat across the past 52 weeks, and down 3% since the year began, Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE:LLY) has had a hard time keeping up with the rest of the stock market lately. But according to one analyst, that's all about to change -- and Lilly doesn't even need a blockbuster to prove it. This morning, megabanker Goldman Sachs announced that it is upgrading shares of Eli Lilly from neutral to buy, and assigning the stock a $95 price target. If Goldman is right about that, new investors stand to earn an 18% profit on Eli Lilly stock, and collect a 2.5% dividend yield on top of it, resulting in total returns of better than 20% on their investment. But is Goldman Sachs right? Here are three things you need to know. Goldman Sachs thinks Eli Lilly investors could be sitting on potentially big profits. Image source: Getty Images. 1. "A long lasting period of accelerating revenue and EPS growth" Despite the stock's lackluster performance of late, Goldman Sachs sees a bright future for Eli Lilly -- which is kind of curious. Just five years ago, Wall Street was worrying that all of big pharma -- Lilly included -- would tumble off a "patent cliff" and break its collective neck. But just five years later, Goldman says that today, Eli Lilly boasts "a diversified late stage pipeline" of drugs coming to market.  These drugs, argues Goldman, will enable "many years of margin expansion" at Lilly, ushering in "a long lasting period of accelerating revenue and EPS growth" for the drugmaker. As sketched out in a write-up on StreetInsider.com this morning, Goldman describes how Lilly stock "can grow earnings by double digits over the next five years and by high single digits out to 2025 as it has among the most durable franchises in the industry." 2. How good could this get? Goldman predicts "$12.5 [billion] of new product sales by 2020" at Lilly, which will account for "nearly 50% of total sales" that year. That implies total sales of $25 billion -- about 20% greater than what Lilly collects in revenue today. (And that number could be conservative. According to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence, the consensus expectation for Lilly's sales in 2020 is $26.6 billion). Granted, that still won't put Lilly in the same league as Merck (NYSE:MRK) or Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), expected to grow revenue to $44 billion and $58 billion, respectively. But relative to the revenues these three Big Pharma giants collect today, Goldman's projections for Lilly imply that Lilly stock will grow its revenue twice as fast as either Merck or Pfizer. Additionally, Goldman says that Lilly is already starting to "show improvements" in its "operational performance," where operating profit margin hit 18.8%. 3. Ace in the hole Again, an 18.8% margin falls short of the big boys. Last year, Merck outclassed Lilly on margins by 2 full percentage points (20.8%), while Pfizer led the pack with a 28.1% operating profit margin. But Lilly still has one more card to play that could lift it above the competition. That would be Sola, Lilly's experimental Alzheimer's drug, which Goldman Sachs calls a "potential blockbuster." The analyst only gives Sola about a 35% "probability of success." But if the drug works as promised, and the FDA approves it, Goldman says that single drug could add a further $7.5 billion in peak sales for Lilly, "and super charge LLY's earnings profile." Bonus thing: Goldman Sachs' record With Eli Lilly stock selling for 34.5 times earnings today, Goldman Sachs' recommendation to buy the stock is not without risk. Currently, Merck stock costs 34.1 times earnings, and Pfizer less than 30, so Goldman is urging us to buy a stock with less revenue, and lower profit margins, than its rivals -- and pay a higher P/E ratio in the process. That sounds dangerous. On the other hand, we've been tracking Goldman's record on Motley Fool CAPS for well over a decade now, and according to our data, Goldman is actually pretty good at picking winners in big pharma. The past decade has seen Goldman's pharmaceuticals picks outperform the market by a combined 448 percentage points. 58% of the time, when Goldman says a stock will beat the market, that's precisely what it does. While that doesn't necessarily mean Goldman will be right this time, the potential is certainly there. Fool contributor Rich Smith does not own shares of, nor is he short, any company named above. You can find him on Motley Fool CAPS, publicly pontificating under the handle TMFDitty, where he currently ranks No. 284 out of more than 75,000 rated members. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Follow @richsmithfool Article Info Sep 27, 2016 at 12:06PM Health Care Stocks Pfizer NYSE:PFE $31.73 no change (0.00%) Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $62.70 up $0.07 (0.11%) Eli Lilly and Co. NYSE:LLY $77.71 up $0.77 (1.00%) Read More Migraine Mania: Alder Biopharma Faces Off Against Eli Lilly Better Buy: GlaxoSmithKline plc vs. Eli Lilly and Company Better Buy: Johnson & Johnson vs. Eli Lilly 5 Biotech Predictions for 2016 3 Big Battles Brewing in Biotech Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Home Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Sectors Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Regions Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Events Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Jobs Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Directory Ingredients Packaging Manufacturing Regulatory Finance Research Search Merck's Viresolve Pro Shield H virus filter removes protein aggregates and other impurities 27-Sep-2016 Biotechnology | Europe Enables higher process efficiency, which increases viral filtration throughput with lower costs and faster processing The new Viresolve Pro Shield H virus filter from Merck removes protein aggregates and impurities that foul virus filters in high pH and high conductivity monoclonal antibody (mAb) feed streams. It is used as a prefilter with the firm's Viresolve Pro Device for more robust, cost-effective viral clearance. When the two products are used together, the Viresolve Pro Shield H significantly increases processing capacity, while preserving high virus removal and high flux, the firm said. The result is an efficient virus filtration process with lower filter costs, faster processing times and less sensitivity to feed stream variability. 'As feed stream characteristics continue to change, filtration products must evolve to enable successful viral clearance to ensure drug safety,' said Andrew Bulpin, Head of Process Solutions Strategic Marketing & Innovation at Merck's life science business. 'Viresolve Pro Shield H effectively improves aggregate removal and reduces the required virus filtration area needed to process feed streams, while delivering the same high level of virus clearance our customers rely on.' Recombinant protein, mAb, fusion protein and antibody fragment feed streams can be challenging to process efficiently, both in terms of time and cost, because these proteins tend to aggregate during production. Aggregates can cause virus filters to foul more rapidly, reducing the amount of feed that can be processed and increasing the number of filters required to process the same volume. Companies Merck Group Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles Merck to provide Provantage manufacturing services to Y-mAbs Industry optimistic about future of biologics, finds survey Merck Serono announces Global Grants Programme Merck invests in Israeli biotech companies to boost innovation Merck Serono opens new HQ in Darmstadt Merck Serono signs licensing and development deal with BeiGene Merck Serono and Compugen establish Neviah Genomics jv Merck Serono and Ono to co-operate Merck Serono to research neurodegenerative diseases Domain and Merck Serono to develop drugs for Parkinsons Related Press Releases EMD Serono promotes Craig Millian to Senior Vice President, Neurology and Immunology Related Jobs Merck announces new biopharma heads for North America and China Merck Serono appoints Steven Hildemann as Global Chief Medical Officer Merck reorganises management team at Merck Serono biopharmaceutical division Merck Serono appoints new coo and head of drug development About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top

▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Intraday Alerts   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Incyte Corp. (INCY) Has Risen To Over An 8-Month High On Study Results 9/28/2016 9:59 AM ET Incyte Corp. (INCY) announced updated data from the Phase 1 portion of the ECHO-202 trial evaluating epacadostat, in combination with Merck's Keytruda. The data showed a disease control rate of 74 percent and an overall response rate of 58 percent in patients with treatment-naïve advanced melanoma. Incyte gapped open sharply higher Wednesday morning and is now up 4.86 at $93.93. The stock has leaped to an 8 1/2 month high. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Momentum J. M. Smucker Co. (SJM) Is Losing Ground After Q2 Sales Disappoint Hain Celestial Group (HAIN) Is Rising After Independent Review Completed Best Buy Co. (BBY) Has Jumped To A New High On Better Than Expected Q3 Earnings NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Has Broken Out To A New High After Q2 Earnings Beat The Children's Place Inc. (PLCE) Has Jumped To A New High On Strong Q3 Earnings Endologix Inc. (ELGX) Is Sinking After FDA Asks For More Data On Nellix Rogers Corp. (ROG) Is Losing Ground In Early Trade Sino-Global Shipping America (SINO) Has Surged To A New High For The Year ViaSat Inc. (VSAT) Is Losing Ground After Offering Announcement Target Corp. (TGT) Has Jumped To A 6-Month High On Strong Q3 Earnings Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Has Broken Out After Strong Q3 Report Amplify Snack Brands (BETR) Has Tumbled To An 8-Month Low After Q3 Report Sally Beauty Holdings (SBH) Is Pulling Back After Q4 Revenues Disappoint Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS) Is Down On Weak Q4 Outlook Hollysys Automation Technologies (HOLI) Is Losing Ground After Q1 Report <<Previous        32 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Incyte Q3 16 Earnings Conference Call At 10:00 AM ET EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Incyte Corporation Q3 Earnings Report Incyte Corp. Updates 2016 Guidance - Quick Facts Incyte : NCCN Guidelines Recommend Jakafi For Treatment Of Myelofibrosis Incyte Morgan Stanley Global Healthcare Conference; Webcast At 11:05 AM ET Trade INCY now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Facebook Stops WhatsApp Data Sharing Across Europe Over EU Criticism Wal-Mart Q3 Profit Declines, But Lifts FY17 Profit View; Stock Down JPMorgan Nears Over $250 Mln Settlement Over China Hiring Probe: Reports Comeback Kid: Donald Trump Hugely Resilient In Business, Too Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Vonovia Offers 0.496645 Shares/conwert Shr Or Alternative Cash Of EUR 16.16/shr United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet AT&T Stream Saver To Limit Video Quality To 480p Genentech: Actemra Meets Endpoints In Phase III GiACTA Study Digi Rejects $13.82/shr Proposal From Belden - Quick Facts Schnuck Markets Recalls Ready-to-eat Grilled Chicken Products Kidde Recalls 3.6 Mln Combination Smoke And Carbon Monoxide Detectors Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BAYER AKTIE»Bayer Announces Enrollment Of First Patient In Vericiguat Phase III Study BAYER AG 92,22  Euro +0,37 +0,40 % WKN: BAY001  ISIN: DE000BAY0017 Ticker-Symbol: BAYN  Xetra | 18.11.16 | 14:45 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BrancheChemie AktienmarktDAX-30 EURO STOXX 50 Prime Standard DAX International 100 STOXX Europe 50 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 92,23 92,24 15:00 92,21 92,22 15:01 28.09.2016 | 09:12 (66 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Bayer Announces Enrollment Of First Patient In Vericiguat Phase III Study WHITEHOUSE STATION (dpa-AFX) - Bayer (BAYZF.PK, BAYRY.PK, BYR.L) announced that the first patient was enrolled in VICTORIA, a pivotal Phase III clinical study led by Bayer's collaboration partner MSD, which will investigate vericiguat in patients suffering from chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. VICTORIA will enroll approximately 4,900 patients at 530 centres in 39 countries and it is anticipated that the study will take 39 months to complete. The development and commercialization of vericiguat is part of the worldwide strategic collaboration between Bayer and MSD in the field of sGC modulation. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu BAYER AG Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 13:58 Monsanto-Deal: Inhouse-Team und Sullivan begleiten Bayer-Milliardenanleihe ► Artikel lesen 12:22 Gut Gebloggtes: Nordex, Lufthansa, Bayer, Patrizia Immobilien, MorphoSys, Tom Tailor, Vonovia, conwert, KTG Agrar, WireCard Hinweis: Das hier Gezeigte ist eine Momentaufnahme, aktuell ist das jederzeit unter http://www.finanzmarktmashup.at aktuell aufrufbar. Was die wichtigsten Finanzmarktmedien Österreichs halt gerade so... ► Artikel lesen 11:12 7,50% PROTECT Multi Aktienanleihe auf BASF und Bayer nur noch wenige Tage in Zeichnung - Anleihenews München - Die Experten vom Zertifikate-Team der Bank Vontobel Europe AG bieten eine PROTECT Multi Aktienanleihe (ISIN DE000VN5FQS3/ WKN VN5FQS) auf die Aktien von BASF (ISIN DE000BASF111/ WKN BASF11)... ► Artikel lesen 05:43 Dow And DuPont, Bayer And Monsanto Or Syngenta - Which Will Succeed? ► Artikel lesen Do ANALYSE-FLASH: Independent Research senkt Ziel für Bayer auf 98 Euro - 'Halten' FRANKFURT (dpa-AFX Broker) - Das Analysehaus Independent Research hat das Kursziel für Bayer nach der Begebung einer Pflichtwandelanleihe zur Teilfinanzierung der Monsanto-Übernahme von 99... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart BAYER AG Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % BAYER AG 92,22 +0,40 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Zostavax® Shingles Vaccine Wins UK Tender Renewal Zostavax® Shingles Vaccine Wins UK Tender Renewal woensdag 28 september 2016 09:03 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire LYON, France, September 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Zostavax(R) shingles vaccine remains as part of the successful UK national immunisation programme for the next two years.  Sanofi Pasteur MSD today announced that the Department of Health (DH) has recommended that Zostavax(R) should remain on the UK's national immunisation programme* to protect seniors from the significant burden of disease associated with shingles. UK adults aged 70 and 78 years old will continue to be offered Zostavax(R) as part of their adult vaccination schedule. Supply of this new tender will start in 2017 for at least two years. "Sanofi Pasteur MSD is dedicated to raising awareness of shingles and the importance of senior vaccine programmes across Europe," said Andrea Rappagliosi, Vice President Market Access, Medical Affairs and Health Policy at Sanofi Pasteur MSD. "The renewal of the shingles immunisation programme for the UK is a demonstration of NHS England's commitment to healthy ageing for seniors and serves as a model for other countries in protecting against shingles," he added. Zostavax(R) is an efficient and well-tolerated, one-dose vaccine supported by over 10 years of real-life evidence. The vaccine has been used for the national immunisation programme since September 2013. By the end of March 2016 just under half of eligible adults in the UK had been vaccinated against shingles,[1] representing a significant achievement and opportunity to build upon for the upcoming season. "Shingles is a painful and disruptive disease which can lead to severe complications and accelerates decline in health in senior populations," said Robert W Johnson, MD.,FRCA., FFPMRCA., Hon. Senior Research Fellow, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Bristol, UK. "It's crucial that shingles vaccine coverage is as high as possible in the UK and across Europe to ensure the widest protection against the disease," he concluded.  UK disease coverage rates are an achievement but can be improved through ongoing efforts to identify and vaccinate all eligible individuals. A successful adult vaccination program relies on an effective vaccine that is easy to implement, ensuring it can be widely used in routine clinical practice. Zostavax(R) is licensed in the UK and across Europe for the immunisation of adults over 50 years and is given as a single injection[2] which supports vaccination adherence. Zostavax(R) has a well-established safety and tolerability profile from over 57,000 adults in clinical trials and over 32 million doses have been distributed worldwide since 2006, proving itself as an effective preventative measure available in a single dose with real-life experience in the primary care setting.[2],[3]   Several European countries have recently decided to recommend and/or fund Zostavax(R), including Austria, Greece, UK and France, as well as some regions in Germany, Italy and Spain. Shingles is a common and debilitating viral disease caused by the reactivation of the varicella zoster virus that can affect one in four people at some point in their lifetime. [4] Approximately 1.7 million new cases of shingles appear every year in Europe.[5],[6] The risk of developing shingles more than doubles after the age of 50 years, and 2/3 shingles cases occur after the age of 50 years.[7]-[9] The WHO predicts that the number of people aged 60 years and over worldwide will increase to 2 billion by 2050.[10] This growing senior population has a higher susceptibility to infectious diseases and associated complications that can be prevented through vaccination. # # # About Zostavax(R)  Zostavax(R) is a live attenuated vaccine that appropriately boosts immune control of the dormant shingles virus, with 10 years of routine use in primary care providing strong evidence of effectiveness and good safety. The vaccine is designed to appropriately boost the varicella-zoster virus specific cellular immunity, which controls virus reactivation and/or replication.[2] It is the first available preventative means licensed in Europe against shingles and the long lasting nerve pain that may follow the disease, known as post-herpetic neuralgia (PHN).[2] More than 32 million doses of Zostavax(R) have been distributed worldwide since 2006.[3] About Sanofi Pasteur MSD - http://www.spmsd.com Sanofi Pasteur MSD is a European joint venture formed between Sanofi Pasteur (the vaccine division of Sanofi) and Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada). Combining innovation and expertise, Sanofi Pasteur MSD is the only European pharmaceutical company dedicated exclusively to the distribution of vaccines. Sanofi Pasteur MSD makes use of the combined expertise resulting from Sanofi Pasteur and Merck's research to focus on the development of new vaccines in Europe in order to produce the most effective, most acceptable and better tolerated vaccines. * This announcement was made in the UK in July 2016 and, hence, this press release is not being released in the UK. References   1) Public Health England. Shingles vaccine coverage report, England, September 2015 to February 2016. Available at: https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/521577/hpr1616_shngls-VC.pdf [Last accessed July 2016] 2) Zostavax(R) Summary of Product Characteristics (SmPC) 3) Internal data SPMSD 4Q2015 4) Bowsher D. The lifetime occurrence of herpes zoster and prevalence of post-herpetic neuralgia: A retrospective survey in an elderly population. Eur J Pain -1999;3(4) :335-42. 5) Miller E, Marshall R, Vurdien J. Epidemiology, outcome and control of varicella-zoster infection. Rev Med Microbiol. 1993;4:222-30. 6) Pinchinat S, Cebrián-Cuenca AM, Bricout H, Johnson RW. Similar herpes zoster incidence across Europe: results from a systematic literature review. BMC Infect Dis. 2013;13:170. 7) Hope-Simpson RE. Postherpetic neuralgia. J R Coll Gen Pract 1975; 25: 571-5. 8) Johnson R, McElhaney J, Pedalino B, Levin M. Prevention of herpes zoster and its painful and debilitating complications. Int J Infect Dis 2007; 11 Suppl 2:S43-8. 9) Yawn BP, Saddier P, Wollan PC, St Sauver JL, Kurland MJ, Sy LS. A population-based study of the incidence and complication rates of herpes zoster before zoster vaccine introduction. Mayo Clin Proc 2007; 82[11], 1341-1349 10) WHO. Facts about ageing. http://www.who.int/ageing/about/facts/en [Last accessed July 2016] Sanofi Pasteur MSD CONTACT: Sanofi Pasteur MSD: Sylvia Martin-Jarrand, Tel : +33 4 37 28 4055, smartin-jarrand@spmsd.com; Sanofi Pasteur MSD, Loïc Frerejouand,lfrerejouand@spmsd.com PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Kavalan krijgt award voor Worldwide Whiskey Producer of the Year vrijdag 18 november 2016 13:50 Sigfox, the World's Leading Provider of Internet of Things Connectivity, Announces a Record Funding Round vrijdag 18 november 2016 12:50 Chevrolet Bolt benoemt als winnaar Green Car Of The Year® 2017 door Green Car Journal vrijdag 18 november 2016 12:01 DSM - Repurchase of Shares (11 November 2016 - 17 November 2016) vrijdag 18 november 2016 09:01 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Onze services De media bereiken? Plaats persbericht rechtstreeks op het ANP-medianetwerk Verstuur persbericht naar internationale persagentschappen Verstuur persbericht naar vak- en/of lokale media Persfoto plaatsen op het ANP-fotonet Stel zelf je (inter)nationale perslijsten samen Zet je evenement of persuitnodiging op de ANP Nieuwsagenda Stel multimedia-content beschikbaar aan redacties en websites Tarievenkaart 2016 Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Laat je persbericht opstellen door een professionele tekstschrijver Laat je persbericht controleren door een nieuwsprofessional Regel een persfotograaf voor journalistiek beeldmateriaal Genereer media-aandacht met een videopersbericht Benut de kracht van infographics Animatie laten maken Ideeën opdoen? Actuele persberichten die via ons netwerk zijn verstuurd Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Hoe andere communicatieprof's ANP Pers Support inzetten Workshops en events Onze blogs over het snijvlak van PR en media Zien of je nieuws is opgepakt? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. APS Direct Login Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire
null
AgWired Animal Ag Precision Energy AgNewsWire ZimmComm Navigation Subscribe Advertise About Subscribe Advertise About Merck Animal Health Beef Sustainability Calculator App Merck Animal Health Beef Sustainability Calculator App Jamie Johansen September 27, 2016 Leave a Comment Facebook Twitter Email Print Merck Animal Health has launched a new app for Apple and Android. The Meat Sustainability Calculator, which is designed to help producers, suppliers and others in the food chain better understand how the beef production systems and technologies they use impact the environment. The app was created in partnership with Jude Capper, Ph.D., an independent sustainability consultant. Data from peer-reviewed journals was utilized to establish a standard of the environmental impact of North American beef production practices. The Meat Sustainability Calculator enables users to evaluate their own impact on sustainability by comparing their results to the North American average. Producers and suppliers can compare on a per-head-of-cattle scenario, while food service members or retailers can assess based on amount of beef produced or purchased. Users simply enter the number of cattle they desire to evaluate, or the pounds or kilograms of beef they will be supplying or purchasing. Next, they select various production technologies to determine how they impact sustainability. By comparing individual results to industry benchmarks, individuals can identify opportunities to improve the sustainability of their operations through things such as water usage and land management. “We are excited about this app, as it is unique to the industry – helping those in the beef supply chain realize the impact of their current production methods,” said Jennie Hodgen, Ph.D., Senior Account Manager, Veterinary and Consumer Affairs Team, Merck Animal Health. “Regardless of a person’s role in the chain, the calculator helps assess an operation’s greenhouse gas emissions, as well as water and land usage. Armed with this data, users can be more mindful of their environmental footprint by making a conscious effort to use fewer natural resources to raise healthy animals.” Agribusiness, Animal Health, Apps, Beef, Cattle, Merck, sustainability Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Dairy Strong Sustainability Alliance Search How should U.S. normalize relations with Cuba? Top Posts & Pages Poultry, Egg & Soy Groups Head to Cuba Alltech Webinar - The VFD: What it means to me BLM to Gather Sand Wash Wild Horses U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service Address Endangered Species Act USPOULTRY Recognizes Clean Water Award Winners Dairy Girl Network Introduces New Sponsors Iowa Avian Flu Incident Team Honored by NASDA Merck Animal Health Beef Sustainability Calculator App New Olympic Got Milk? Ad Steps Remain for U.S. Beef Exports to China Archives Archives Select Month September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 CategoriesCategories Select Category “farm bill” AAEP AASV Accelerated Genetics ADGA ADM Advocate AEB AFBF AFIA AG CONNECT Ag Group Ag Media Summit Ag Research Service AgChat AgNerd Agribusiness Alfalfa Algae Alltech Alltech Global 500 Alltech Global Dairy/Beef Alpharma American Horse Council American Meat Science AMI AMSA Angus Animal Activists Animal Ag Alliance Animal AgCast Animal Bites Animal Health Animal ID Animal Welfare Antibiotics Anugs ApHC APHIS Apps AQHA Aquaculture Arm and Hammer ASAS ASI Auctions Audio avian flu AVMA award BASF BASF Crop Protection BASF Plant Science Bayer BBQ Beef Beef Board Beef Checkoff bees BIF BIO biodiesel Biogas Biosecurity Biotech BioZyme Bison Blogging Boehringer Ingelheim books BQA Brangus Breeding Breeds Butter calf Callicrate Bander Calves Canada’s Outdoor Farm Show Cargill Case IH Cattle CBB Ceva CFWF Charleston-Orwig Cheese Chicken CNH Communication Communications Company Announcement Competition Conservation consumer contest COOL cooperatives corn Cuba cwt Dairy Dairy Board Dairy Business Dairy Checkoff dairy farming Dairy Goats Dairy Group Dairy Management Inc. Dairy Month Dairy Solutions Symposium Dairy Strong Dairyline Deworming DFA Disease distillers grains DuPont Pioneer economics Education Eggs Elanco energy Entertainment environment enzymes EPA Equestrian Equine Equipment ethanol Events Exhibitor Export Export Fairs Farm Bureau Farm Foundation Farm Policy farm programs Farm Progress Show Farm Safety Farm Show Farming Farriers FDA Feed FEI Fertilizer FFA Finance Fish Food Food Dialogue food safety Forage Forage Forum Fort Dodge Animal Health Foundation for the Future fuel up to play 60 GEA Farm Technologies Gelbvieh General Genetics Genomics GMO Goat got milk? Government Grain Grassfed Grazing Harvest Hay Health Hereford Hoard’s Dairyman Holiday Holstein Association Horse Protection Act Horse Racing Horse Slaughter Horses HSUS Hunting Ice Cream idfa Imports Industry News Intern International Internet IPE IPPE Jersey Association Jockey Club John Deere june dairy month Keeneland Kentucky Horse Park Labor Lamb Land Land O’Lakes legislation Limousin Livestock LMA LPC Marketing Markets Mastitis Meat Meat Science Media Membership Merck Methane Midwest Horse Fair Military Milk Milking Parlor MilkPEP Mineral Monsanto Movie Review NAFB NAMA NAMI NASS National Chicken Council National Dairy Council National Milk National Turkey Federation NCBA New Holland NFMS NFU NIAA Novartis Novus International NPPC NRCS Nutrition Organic Oscar Mayer PED Pfizer Pharmaceutical Pig Pioneer Forage Day Pioneer Hi-Bred PLC Podcast Policy politics Pork Pork Checkoff Poultry PRCA Precision Price Prince Agri Products Production Production Poll Products Promotion Protect the Harvest PRRS Public Lands Council Purina Qiagen Qualisoy Ranches recipe Reining Reproduction Research Robotics Rodeo Salmonella scholarship Science Seed Seedstock Select Sires Semex Sheep Shorthorn Silage Social Media Solar sorghum soybeans Supplements sustainability Swine Technology The Milking Parlor Trade Training Transportation Turkey Uncategorized University US Poultry usda USDEC USEF USFRA USJersey USMEF USSEC Vaccine veal Vetericyn Veterinary VFD Video Waste Management Water Weather Webinar Wild Horses Wool World Ag Expo World Dairy Expo World Pork Expo Yogurt Youth ZimmComm ZimmPoll Zoetis Subscribe via Email Enter your email address and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address AgWired – Where in the World? Upcoming Events for the ZimmComm Team - National Agri-Marketing Association Convention - Kansas City, MO - April 15-17. - Chicken Media Summit - Cambridge, MD - April 19-21 - Coverage sponsored by National Chicken Council. - Alltech Rebelation - Lexington, KY - May 16-20 - Coverage sponsored by Alltech. 2015 Ag Day We Blog AgWired is one of the very first agricultural information blogs and has a focus on marketing. Our information is open and free to everyone in the industry. We Podcast Besides the weekly ZimmCast we frequently publish press conferences and interviews with industry leaders in all segments of agriculture. Animal.AgWired Welcome to AgWired's home for the latest information and resources on the animal agriculture sector. We've brought World Dairy Diary "in-house" and expanded our coverage to include all animal agriculture - beef, dairy, poultry, swine and more. Contact us about covering your next event! Toggle the Widgetbar Subscribe Advertise About Copyright © 2014 Zimmcomm New Media, LLC All rights reserved. 1507 Templemore Drive, Cantonment, FL - 32533 (850)780-6617 – office / fax Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Pfizer's Latest Immunotherapy Deal Could Be Great News for This Tiny Company There's renewed interest in an immuno-oncology target that just so happens to match Agenus' lead (unpartnered) drug candidate. Maxx Chatsko (TMFBlacknGold) Sep 27, 2016 at 8:06AM Image source: Getty Images. Last week, Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) agreed to a deal with privately held biopharma company OncoImmune. It could be worth up to $250 million in up-front and milestone payments if the monoclonal antibody at the center of the licensing agreement succeeds. While investors in this industry should hardly be surprised by speculative R&D deals, such agreements can provide clues as to which disease targets larger pharma companies are interested in before they go mainstream (see: CAR-T, CRISPR, etc). In this case, Pfizer's latest deal hints that investors may want to keep a closer eye on Agenus (NASDAQ:AGEN). Here's why things could heat up for the $630 million company. What's the deal? The Pfizer-OncoImmune entanglement will investigate a single immunotherapy that targets CTLA-4, a protein secreted by cancer cells that blocks the activation of T cells. Related mechanisms have demonstrated potent anti-tumor activity in several small studies and even larger trials. Blockbuster melanoma drug Yervoy from Bristol-Myers Squibb, for example, is a first-in-class CTLA-4 antagonist. If this newly acquired immunotherapy is successful in the early going, then Pfizer has the option to secure rights to other CTLA-4 antibodies in OncoImmune's pipeline. What's funny is that Pfizer actually owned an immunotherapy candidate in the same class years ago, but it licensed most of the rights to AstraZeneca. Oops. The renewed interest in targeting CTLA-4 could be great news for Agenus, whose lead lead drug candidate is a CTLA-4 antagonist in phase 1 trials. Better yet for investors, the drug candidate is currently unpartnered -- an oddity, given that the company's active pipeline of 10 trials includes six partnered programs with Incyte and Merck.  And Agenus may have even more to offer a potential partner. Although the company was due to receive royalties from sales of two GlaxoSmithKline vaccines that contained adjuvants it developed, Agenus opted to sell rights to the royalties to a capital firm for an up-front infusion of $115 million in cash. It was a clear signal that management is going all in on its most valuable asset -- an antibody discovery platform that was integral to grabbing the attention of Incyte and Merck, and to finding the CTLA-4 antagonist in the first place. Executing currently partnered programs and bringing in new deals will be the deciding factor in Agenus' existence. A few past pivots have left it with an unenviable balance sheet. While it has about five quarters' worth of cash remaining, the early-stage pipeline necessitates bringing in additional capital. Perhaps partnering its prized anti-CTLA-4 immunotherapy candidate could provide some relief. Then again, if the company could push the drug candidate through phase 2 trials before partnering, then it would be able to get even sweeter financial terms. Given the company's cash position, it may be best not to take that route, but it's too early to tell. What does it mean for investors? After selling its own CTLA-4 antagonist to AstraZeneca five years ago, Pfizer decided that it wanted back in on the potentially lucrative immunotherapy class of drugs. The deal with OncoImmune could signal renewed interest in the drug target, which could put Agenus in an advantageous position if other pharma leaders go on the prowl. Investors should definitely keep an eye on the company and its antibody discovery platform.  Maxx Chatsko has no position in any stocks mentioned. Follow him on Twitter to keep up with developments in the engineered biology field. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Maxx Chatsko (TMFBlacknGold) Maxx has been a contributor to Fool.com since 2013 focusing on renewable energy, renewable fuels, agriculture, and engineered biology. He graduated from SUNY-ESF (2012) with a Bachelor of Science in Bioprocess Engineering and from Carnegie Mellon University (2016) with a Master of Science in Materials Science & Engineering. Follow @MaxxChatsko Article Info Sep 27, 2016 at 8:06AM Health Care Stocks Pfizer NYSE:PFE $31.73 no change (0.00%) Agenus NASDAQ:AGEN $5.11 no change (0.00%) Read More Cancer Drugs: 2 Stocks to Watch Why Agenus Inc. Stock Plummeted 44.7% in October Why Agenus' Stock Has Stumbled in 2016 Better Buy: Agenus Inc. vs. bluebird bio These 2 Stocks Doubled in 2015 -- Is 1 Still a Buy? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home News Newswires LON:MXCT Maxcyte revenues climb as big pharma seeks next generation of drugs Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:44 27 Sep 2016 At present, Maxcyte is involved in more than 35 partnered programmes Cell engineering technology use is growing MaxCyte Inc’s (LON:MXCT) interim revenues picked up smartly as the specialist in cell engineering technology’s roster of big pharma customers upped their research spending. Revenues were US$5.5mln in the six months to June, a 30% increase and slightly ahead of a forecast in July. “We are trading in-line with expectations for the full year as both our partnered cell therapy and CARMA programs progress,” said Doug Doerfler, chief executive. MaxCyte’s cell engineering tech is used by AstraZeneca, Merck and Roche among others but it is also developing CARMA, its own proprietary platform to tackle cancer. At present, MaxCyte is involved in more than 35 partnered programmes, with seven clinical trials underway using its technology. "As the convergence between gene editing technologies and immuno-oncology therapeutic advances, MaxCyte is poised to foster the next-generation of therapies," said Doerfler. Its cell engineering technology was being used to leverage cells for drug discovery, cells for biologics/vaccine development and manufacture and cells as drugs in immuno-oncology and gene editing, he added. Underlying losses dipped to US$0.8mln from US$0.9mln, but including a further US$500,000 invested in CARMA net losses rose to US$1.27mln (US$0.96mln).Cash at the half year was  Cash at the period end of US$12.2mln.  "Our IPO has also allowed us to advance CARMA, our exciting, new generation of immuno-oncology treatments, from incubation to pre-clinical work that is laying the foundation for an initial US regulatory submission that is expected to allow clinical trials to begin in 2017. “ Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Philip Whiterow Why Invest In MaxCyte? Read More Here Register here to be notified of future MXCT Company articles View full MXCT profile MaxCyte Timeline Newswire September 06 2016 MaxCyte hires Asian distributors to meet demand Video July 13 2016 MaxCyte driving CARMA forwards Article July 12 2016 MaxCyte shares rise 4% after upbeat update Video May 11 2016 MaxCyte chief says potential of breakthrough technology CARMA should not be underestimated Article May 10 2016 MaxCyte delivering on its hybrid strategy Big Picture May 02 2016 MaxCyte's hybrid model will appeal to UK investors Article March 29 2016 MaxCyte lists on AIM to develop cancer treatments View All Related Articles Alliance Pharma confident despite 'Brexit' uncertainty July 19 2016 Alliance's swoop for Sinclair Healthcare Products in December helped it rack up first-half sales of £46.4mln Vaxil: From Tel Aviv to Toronto, is this your ticket to investing in immunotherapies? September 30 2016 Proactive takes a closer look at Vaxil, an Israeli bio-tech firm which listed in Toronto earlier this year. For investors, it could be a cheap way of getting into the exciting world of immunotherapy. Ergomed's hybrid strategy gives it plenty of ammo November 07 2016 The pharma services and drug development group has hit key milestones in the last year. RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in MaxCyte View full company profile Why Invest In MaxCyte? Read More Here MaxCyte is a leader in cell transfection, bringing to market its patented flow electroporation technology. MaxCyte is focused in applying its significant capabilities in the discovery, development, and manufacturing of virtually all classes of innovative... Read more MaxCyte is a leader in cell transfection, bringing to market its patented flow electroporation technology. MaxCyte is focused in applying its significant capabilities in the discovery, development, and manufacturing of virtually all classes of innovative therapeutics targeting a broad range of chronic and acute diseases. MaxCyte's customers and partners utilize its technologies in the development and commercialization of cell-based therapies in regenerative medicine and active cell immunotherapies and in the discovery and development of protein drugs, monoclonal antibodies, vaccines, and small molecule drugs. This clinical-grade cell loading technology is fully developed and well validated and has received Master File designation with the CBER Division of the U.S. FDA, has been cleared by NIH's RAC and Health Canada, and is commercialized in Japan. Considerable energy is devoted to R&D on new applications. These efforts have lead to the expanded application of our technology in pharmaceutical and biotherapeutic drug discovery pipelines. Our instrumentation is currently placed in most of the major global pharmaceutical companies and is used for high throughput/high content screening and preclinical protein production. MaxCyte's technology uniquely fulfills the needs for high quality, fully scalable cell modification in both the clinical and R&D arenas. MAXCYTE INFORMATION AND ARTICLES FOUND HERE ARE NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL Hide text Market: AIM EPIC: MXCT Market Cap: 56.29M Latest Price: 129.50p  (0,00%) 52-week H/L: 130.00p / 72.50p Sector: Pharma & Biotech 1day 1year Loading charts Key stocktube MaxCyte driving CARMA forwards July 13 2016 See more related videos MaxCyte RNS announcements 2016-10-27 Result of Annual General Meeting2016-10-21 Director/PDMR Shareholding2016-09-28 Grant of Options2016-09-27 Financial Results for Six Months ended 30 June 162016-09-19 Notice of AGM2016-09-06 Notice of Interim Results2016-09-06 MaxCyte Bolsters Distributor Network in Asia2016-07-12 Trading Update2016-06-14 Grant of options2016-05-10 Maiden Results for the Year Ended 31 Dec 20152016-04-29 Notice of Maiden Full Year Results2016-04-07 Issue of Equity from Exercise of Share Options2016-03-30 Holding(s) in Company2016-03-30 Holding(s) in Company2016-03-30 Holding(s) in Company2016-03-30 Holding(s) in Company2016-03-29 First Day of Dealings on AIM View all announcements Proactive Investors Recommended Futura shares double after successful clinical trial Collagen Solutions unveils new tie-up with Chinese group Cre8ive Summit Therapeutics shares shoot up 90% after it inks $522mln Sarepta deal International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2016 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Angeleño elderlies get free anti-pneumonia vaccination Skip to main content Archive Webcast E-paper Videos Multimedia Home Local News Business Opinion Sports Feature Lifestyle Entertainment Home / Pampanga / Local News / Angeleño elderlies get free anti-pneumonia vaccination Angeleño elderlies get free anti-pneumonia vaccination Time to read less than 1 minute Share Print a- a+ Read so far Angeleño elderlies get free anti-pneumonia vaccination Tuesday, September 27, 2016 ANGELES CITY -- As part of the Grandparents Day celebration, the local government here and the Department of Health Region III (DOH-3), administered a pneumococcal disease immunization program to over 250 senior citizens here on September 26 at the City Hall. The said program aims to prevent Pneumonia among the elderly by intensifying DOH's nationwide efforts in implementing the Expanded Immunization Program for Senior Citizens. This is in cooperation with a US-based pharmaceutical company Merck Sharp and Dohme (MSD). The program encourages senior citizens, aged 60 and 65 years old to avail of free pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccination which will be administered in their community health centers. "Vaccines have long been available in the Philippines, specifically in the private sector. DOH is ensuring that there are enough resources and access to life-saving medicines and services, particularly to the Filipinos who need them most," said Dr. Leonita Gorgolon, DOH cluster head for Central Luzon and Visayas. The vaccination consists of two doses: senior citizens aged 60 years old will be given the first dose and will receive the second dose after a 5-year interval. On the other hand, senior citizens aged 65 years old will receive one dose. Pneumococcal disease is a leading cause of serious illness throughout the world. It is caused by a common type of bacteria, the Streptococcus Pneumonia, which can attack different parts of the body. Illnesses caused by pneumococcus include pneumonia, meningitis, middle ear and sinus infections and a condition called sepsis or infection of the bloodstream. DOH urges senior citizens to avail of free Anti-Pneumonia vaccination in designated health centers in the city. (AC-CIO) Tags:  pneumonia Department of Health DOH Published in the Sun.Star Pampanga newspaper on September 27, 2016. Latest issues of Sun.Star Pampanga also available on your mobile phones, laptops, and tablets. Subscribe to our digital editions at epaper.sunstar.com.ph and get a free seven-day trial. DISCLAIMER: Sun.Star website welcomes friendly debate, but comments posted on this site do not necessary reflect the views of the Sun.Star management and its affiliates. Sun.Star reserves the right to delete, reproduce or modify comments posted here without notice. Posts that are inappropriate will automatically be deleted. Forum rules: Do not use obscenity. Some words have been banned. Stick to the topic. Do not veer away from the discussion. Be coherent and respectful. Do not shout or use CAPITAL LETTERS! View Comments More from Pampanga Local News Midori exec bullish on Clark potentials Delta distributes P3-M educational grants 70% of Masantol town declared drug-cleared Mayor: Bacolor church bell tower tilting not possible Plaza Angel Fountain formally opened 18 ladies vie for Ms. Bacolor 2016 crown Casilao leads commemoration of Hacienda Luisita massacre Year-end job fair offers 882 job vacancies Pampanga newsmen asked to promote Hong Kong tourism Legal Education Board awards AUF law school Most Commented Popular P420,000 lost to ATM skimming Local News 4 Cebuanos make it to top in engineering Local News BB Gandanghari is now legally a woman Entertainment Follow us Region Bacolod Baguio Cagayan de Oro Cebu Davao Dumaguete Iloilo Manila Pampanga Pangasinan Tacloban Zamboanga Sections Local News Business Opinion Sports Lifestyle Feature Entertainment All rights reserved. Sun.Star Publishing, Inc. Home Letter to the Editor Public & Standards Editor Advertise with us About Us Contact Us Sitemap In Case You Missed It! (Something light from SunStar website) Ice Cream and Cookie Café Best places to shop online Monitoring the 'Espinosa Serye' Thai fish with national flag colors sells for record sum Where to shop more, spend less Understanding the writ of habeas corpus
Latest News Dow 18,904 +35.68 +0.19% Nasdaq 5,334 +39.39 +0.74% S&P 500 2,187 +10.18 +0.47% 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs 9:00 A.M. ET Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 9:00 A.M. ET An Illustrated History of Thanksgiving Stuffing 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 8:53 A.M. ET Diana Containerships' stock jumps 15% in premarket trade, after tumbling 69% on Thursday 8:53 A.M. ET DryShips' stock surges 12% in premarket trade, after plunging 85% the previous session 8:52 A.M. ET Updated If someone brings Merlot to your Thanksgiving, don’t leave 8:52 A.M. ET Actuant CFO to step down in December 8:49 A.M. ET Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 8:48 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 8:48 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 8:48 A.M. ET Updated Oil flat as investors keep tabs on OPEC deal prospects 8:43 A.M. ET Opinion Will Trump doom his economic agenda by strong-arming the Fed? 8:43 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 8:40 A.M. ET Updated Will Donald Trump cover the White House in gold? 8:37 A.M. ET Actuant's incoming CFO is currently CFO of Century Aluminum 8:36 A.M. ET Actuant names Rick Dillon as CFO, effective Dec. 22 8:34 A.M. ET The euro is on its longest losing streak ever 8:34 A.M. ET Actuant CFO Andrew Lampereur to step down Dec. 21 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Open Market Snapshot Analyst Ratings Home Press Release Alnylam Reports Positive Initial Results from Ongoing Phase 1/2 Study of ALN-GO1, an Investigational RNAi Therapeutic for the Treatment of Primary Hyperoxaluria Type 1 By Published: Sept 24, 2016 2:25 p.m. ET Share – ALN-GO1 Achieves Human Proof of Concept with Statistically Significant Increases in Glycolate, a Biomarker of Effective Glycolate Oxidase Knockdown, in Healthy Adult Volunteers –– Single Doses of ALN-GO1 Found to be Generally Well Tolerated –– Company to Discuss Clinical Data during ALN-GO1 RNAi Roundtable on Tuesday, September 27 at 10:00 a.m. ET – CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Sep 24, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ALNY, +1.51% the leading RNAi therapeutics company, announced today initial data from its ongoing Phase 1/2 study with ALN-GO1, an investigational RNAi therapeutic targeting glycolate oxidase (GO) for the treatment of Primary Hyperoxaluria Type 1 (PH1). Initial clinical results were presented today during an oral presentation at the 17th Congress of the International Pediatric Nephrology Association (IPNA), being held September 20 – 24, 2016 in Iguaçu, Brazil. These data were from Part A of the ongoing Phase 1/2 study, which is being conducted in healthy adult volunteers. Results showed that single, subcutaneous doses of ALN-GO1 achieved dose-dependent increases in plasma and urine glycolate. Glycolate is the substrate used by the GO enzyme to produce excessive oxalate in patients with PH1; thus, increases in plasma and urine glycolate in normal volunteers confirm effective GO knockdown and provide preliminary human proof of concept for ALN-GO1. Further, ALN-GO1 was found to be generally well tolerated, with no serious adverse events (SAEs) reported through the safety data transfer date. The Company plans to soon transition to Part B of the Phase 1/2 study, which will evaluate multiple doses of ALN-GO1 in patients with PH1. “We believe ALN-GO1 has the potential to be a transformative therapy for patients with PH1, a potentially fatal and ultra-rare orphan disease that primarily afflicts children. The current treatment approach for patients suffering from this condition is routine dialysis and, ultimately, a dual liver and kidney transplant, as no approved pharmaceutical options currently exist,” said Akshay Vaishnaw, M.D., Ph.D., Executive Vice President of R&D and Chief Medical Officer at Alnylam. “We believe these initial results are encouraging, as they demonstrate preliminary human proof of concept for this novel investigational RNAi therapeutic. We now look forward to advancing this program into patients in Part B of the ongoing Phase 1/2 study, where we aim to achieve lowering of urinary oxalate, which is known to deposit in kidneys and cause extensive renal and broader tissue damage in patients with PH1.” Initial results include all available data as of the data transfer dates on August 17, 2016 (for safety) and September 2, 2016 (for pharmacodynamic activity). Subjects in Part A (N=32) were enrolled in four single ascending dose cohorts (N=8 per group, randomized 3:1 drug:placebo), with subjects receiving ALN-GO1 at doses ranging from 0.3 to 6.0 mg/kg. ALN-GO1 administration resulted in dose-dependent and statistically significant (nominal two-sided p values less than 0.05) increases from baseline in plasma and urinary glycolate as compared to placebo, with up to an 8-fold increase in plasma glycolate in the highest dose cohort. Based on extrapolation from pre-clinical studies, the observed level of glycolate increase would correlate with an estimated greater than 80% silencing of the HAO1 mRNA, the transcript of the GO enzyme. The effects of ALN-GO1 were highly durable, with levels sustained through 85 days at the highest dose, supportive of a once-monthly and possibly once-quarterly subcutaneous dose regimen. Single doses of ALN-GO1 were shown to be generally well tolerated in healthy adult volunteers. There were no SAEs reported. Adverse events (AEs) were reported in 88% (N=21) of ALN-GO1 treated subjects and 63% (N=5) of placebo treated subjects. Common AEs occurring in greater than 10% of ALN-GO1 treated subjects included nasopharyngitis (N=6), headache (N=5), and transient injection site pain (N=4). All AEs were mild to moderate with the exception of one subject in the lowest dose cohort who had transient, asymptomatic CPK elevation which was unrelated to study drug. To view the ALN-GO1 clinical data described in this press release, please visit www.alnylam.com/capella. ALN-GO1 RNAi Roundtable Webinar Information Alnylam will review these initial clinical data and discuss PH1 and plans for the further development of ALN-GO1 in an RNAi Roundtable webinar this Tuesday, September 27, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. ET. Speakers include: Barry Greene, President David Erbe, Ph.D., Director, Research Guest Speaker: Sally-Anne Hulton, M.D., FRCPCH, MRCP, FCP, MBBCh, Consultant Paediatric Nephrologist and Clinical Lead, Birmingham Children’s Hospital NHS Trust Guest Speaker: Jennifer Lawrence, M.D. (mother of a PH1 patient) To register for the webinar, please visit www.alnylam.com/roundtables. A replay of the webinar and downloadable PDF of the presentation will be available on that website shortly after the Roundtable. About the ALN-GO1 Phase 1/2 Study The Phase 1/2 trial of ALN-GO1 is a randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled study being conducted in two parts. Part A is a single-dose study that enrolled 32 healthy adult volunteers. Part B will be a multi-dose study designed to enroll up to a total of 20 patients with PH1. The primary objective of the study is to evaluate safety and tolerability of single and multiple subcutaneous doses of ALN-GO1. Secondary objectives include evaluation of pharmacokinetics and clinical activity for ALN-GO1 as measured by its effects on plasma glycolate and urinary oxalate levels in normal healthy volunteers and PH1 patients, respectively. About Primary Hyperoxaluria Type 1 (PH1) and ALN-GO1 PH1 is an inborn error of metabolism. Specifically, PH1 is an autosomal recessive disorder of glyoxylate metabolism, where hepatic detoxification of glyoxylate is impaired due to mutation of the AGXT gene – which encodes the liver peroxisomal alanine-glyoxylate aminotransferase (AGT) enzyme – resulting in excessive oxalate production. Excess oxalate in PH1 patients results in the deposition of calcium oxalate crystals in the kidneys and urinary tract and can lead to the formation of recurrent kidney stones or nephrocalcinosis. Renal damage is caused by a combination of tubular toxicity from oxalate, calcium oxalate deposition in the kidneys, and urinary obstruction by calcium oxalate stones. Compromised kidney function exacerbates the disease as the excess oxalate can no longer be excreted, potentially resulting in subsequent accumulation and crystallization in bones, eyes, skin, and heart, leading to severe illness and death. About 50 percent of patients will have kidney failure by age 15, and about 80 percent will have end stage renal disease by age 30. Current treatment options are very limited, and include frequent renal dialysis or combined organ transplantation of liver and kidneys, a procedure with high morbidity that is limited due to organ availability. Although a small minority of patients respond to Vitamin B6 supplementation, there are no approved pharmaceutical therapies for PH1. ALN-GO1 is an investigational RNAi therapeutic, currently in early stage clinical development. The safety and efficacy of ALN-GO1 have not been evaluated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or any other health authority. Sanofi Genzyme Alliance In January 2014, Alnylam and Sanofi Genzyme, the specialty care global business unit of Sanofi, formed an alliance to accelerate and expand the development and commercialization of RNAi therapeutics across the world. The alliance is structured as a multi-product geographic alliance in the field of rare diseases. Alnylam retains product rights in North America and Western Europe, while Sanofi Genzyme obtained the right to access certain programs in Alnylam's current and future Genetic Medicines pipeline, including ALN-GO1, in the rest of the world (ROW) through the end of 2019, together with certain broader co-development/co-commercialization rights and global product rights for certain products, including ALN-GO1. About GalNAc Conjugates and Enhanced Stabilization Chemistry (ESC)-GalNAc Conjugates GalNAc-siRNA conjugates are a proprietary Alnylam delivery platform and are designed to achieve targeted delivery of RNAi therapeutics to hepatocytes through uptake by the asialoglycoprotein receptor. Alnylam's Enhanced Stabilization Chemistry (ESC)-GalNAc-conjugate technology enables subcutaneous dosing with increased potency and durability, and a wide therapeutic index. This delivery platform is being employed in nearly all of Alnylam's pipeline programs, including programs in clinical development. About RNAi RNAi (RNA interference) is a revolution in biology, representing a breakthrough in understanding how genes are turned on and off in cells, and a completely new approach to drug discovery and development. Its discovery has been heralded as "a major scientific breakthrough that happens once every decade or so," and represents one of the most promising and rapidly advancing frontiers in biology and drug discovery today which was awarded the 2006 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. RNAi is a natural process of gene silencing that occurs in organisms ranging from plants to mammals. By harnessing the natural biological process of RNAi occurring in our cells, the creation of a major new class of medicines, known as RNAi therapeutics, is on the horizon. Small interfering RNA (siRNA), the molecules that mediate RNAi and comprise Alnylam's RNAi therapeutic platform, target the cause of diseases by potently silencing specific mRNAs, thereby preventing disease-causing proteins from being made. RNAi therapeutics have the potential to treat disease and help patients in a fundamentally new way. About Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Alnylam is a biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics based on RNA interference, or RNAi. The company is leading the translation of RNAi as a new class of innovative medicines. Alnylam's pipeline of investigational RNAi therapeutics is focused in 3 Strategic Therapeutic Areas (STArs): Genetic Medicines, with a broad pipeline of RNAi therapeutics for the treatment of rare diseases; Cardio-Metabolic Disease, with a pipeline of RNAi therapeutics toward genetically validated, liver-expressed disease targets for unmet needs in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases; and Hepatic Infectious Disease, with a pipeline of RNAi therapeutics that address the major global health challenges of hepatic infectious diseases. In early 2015, Alnylam launched its "Alnylam 2020" guidance for the advancement and commercialization of RNAi therapeutics as a whole new class of innovative medicines. Specifically, by the end of 2020, Alnylam expects to achieve a company profile with 3 marketed products, 10 RNAi therapeutic clinical programs – including 4 in late stages of development – across its 3 STArs. The company's demonstrated commitment to RNAi therapeutics has enabled it to form major alliances with leading companies including Ionis, Novartis, Roche, Takeda, Merck, Monsanto, The Medicines Company, and Sanofi Genzyme. In addition, Alnylam holds an equity position in Regulus Therapeutics Inc., a company focused on discovery, development, and commercialization of microRNA therapeutics. Alnylam scientists and collaborators have published their research on RNAi therapeutics in over 200 peer-reviewed papers, including many in the world's top scientific journals such as Nature, Nature Medicine, Nature Biotechnology, Cell, New England Journal of Medicine, and The Lancet. Founded in 2002, Alnylam maintains headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts. For more information about Alnylam's pipeline of investigational RNAi therapeutics, please visit www.alnylam.com. Alnylam Forward Looking Statements Various statements in this release concerning Alnylam's future expectations, plans and prospects, including without limitation, Alnylam's views with respect to the potential for investigational RNAi therapeutics, including ALN-GO1, its expectations regarding the timing of clinical studies and the expected timing for the presentation of clinical data from these studies, including from Part B of the ongoing Phase 1/2 study of ALN-GO1, its expectations regarding its STAr pipeline growth strategy, and its plans regarding commercialization of RNAi therapeutics, constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the safe harbor provisions under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results and future plans may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, without limitation, Alnylam's ability to discover and develop novel drug candidates and delivery approaches, successfully demonstrate the efficacy and safety of its product candidates, the pre-clinical and clinical results for its product candidates, which may not be replicated or continue to occur in other subjects or in additional studies or otherwise support further development of product candidates for a specified indication or at all, actions or advice of regulatory agencies, which may affect the design, initiation, timing, continuation and/or progress of clinical trials or result in the need for additional pre-clinical and/or clinical testing, delays, interruptions or failures in the manufacture and supply of our product candidates, obtaining, maintaining and protecting intellectual property, Alnylam's ability to enforce its intellectual property rights against third parties and defend its patent portfolio against challenges from third parties, obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval, pricing and reimbursement for products, progress in establishing a commercial and ex-United States infrastructure, competition from others using technology similar to Alnylam's and others developing products for similar uses, Alnylam's ability to manage its growth and operating expenses, obtain additional funding to support its business activities, and establish and maintain strategic business alliances and new business initiatives, Alnylam's dependence on third parties for development, manufacture and distribution of products, the outcome of litigation, the risk of government investigations, and unexpected expenditures, as well as those risks more fully discussed in the "Risk Factors" filed with Alnylam's most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in other filings that Alnylam makes with the SEC. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent Alnylam's views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date. Alnylam explicitly disclaims any obligation, except to the extent required by law, to update any forward-looking statements. The scientific information discussed in this news release relating to Alnylam’s investigational therapeutic, ALN-GO1, is preliminary and investigative. ALN-GO1 has not been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, European Medicines Agency, or any other regulatory authority and no conclusions can or should be drawn regarding the safety or effectiveness of ALN-GO1. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160924005014/en/ SOURCE: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Investors and Media) Christine Regan Lindenboom, 617-682-4340 or (Investors) Josh Brodsky, 617-551-8276 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ALNY $46.36 +0.69 (+1.51%) Volume 1.1M Open $45.75 High $46.58 Low $44.42 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 4.0B LatestNews
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Senators Ask DOJ To Investigate Mylan Over Possible EpiPen Medicaid Fraud Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Senators Ask DOJ To Investigate Mylan Over Possible EpiPen Medicaid Fraud Image courtesy of Phillip Bradshaw September 28, 2016 12:27 pm EST By Chris Morran@themorrancave gaming the system epipen Mylan doj drugs drug prices EpiPen maker Mylan might have thought that dealing with the public shaming of a congressional hearing would be the low point of its ongoing price-hike scandal, but lawmakers continue to scrutinize the drug company and are now calling for a federal investigation into the possibility that Mylan was deliberately mis-categorizing the emergency allergy medication in order to reap bigger payments from Medicaid. In a letter [PDF] sent this morning to U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch by Senators Richard Blumenthal (CT), Chuck Grassley (IA), and Amy Klobuchar (MN), the lawmakers question the way that EpiPen was categorized under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. That program requires drugmakers to pay a portion of their revenues — in the form of rebates — to the states. The size of those rebates is determined by whether the drug is considered an “innovator” medication (often a newer, higher-cost drug with little or no competition) or a “non-innovator multiple source” (NIMS) drug (often an older drug with competition from generics). More precisely, the Social Security Act defines a NIMS drug as a covered medication for which there is “at least 1 other drug product which is rated as therapeutically equivalent… and is sold or marketed in the United States during the period.” The difference between a NIMS drug and an innovator drug could have a big impact on a company’s bottom line. A drugmaker only pays a rebate worth 13% of the price for a NIMS drug, but innovator medications have rebate rates that start at 23.1%. Drug companies are on a sort of honor code to categorize each of their drugs accordingly, and they can face significant penalties for labeling a drug as NIMS just to pay the lower rebate. In fact, back in 2009 Mylan was one of four drugmakers that paid a penalty to the DOJ totaling $124 million for allegedly trying to game the rebate program. Mylan has classified EpiPen as a NIMS medication since it acquired the drug, along with the rest of Merck’s generics business, nearly a decade ago. And it appears that this classification of the emergency allergy treatment goes back to at least 1997, when the Department of Health and Human Services concluded that EpiPen — at the time — qualified as a multiple-source drug. “However, the EpiPen marketed by Mylan is significantly different than the 1997 version,” write the senators, pointing to new patents that have protected EpiPen from competition, along with other changes to the product. “Further, it is our understanding that classifying the EpiPen as a non-innovator product is inconsistent with industry practice. When Mylan’s competitors market a drug delivery product under a new drug application, at least some of them classify the product as an innovator, even if the drug being delivered is off-patent.” The letter argues that EpiPen, which controls nearly all of the U.S. market for epinephrine auto-injectors, currently has no FDA-approved therapeutic equivalent and Mylan may be smaller rebates than the law requires. Deliberately misleading the government into the lower rebate rate could be a violation of the False Claims Act, notes the letter, which asks the DOJ to investigate accordingly. “The American people have been rightly outraged as Mylan engaged in substantial price increases that resulted in billions of dollars paid by U.S. consumers,” concludes the letter. “They deserve to know whether the company also violated the False Claims Act and diverted millions of dollars from U.S. taxpayers.” Earlier this month, Inside Health Policy reported that the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) had notified Mylan that the EpiPen was indeed incorrectly categorized as NIMS. West Virginia’s attorney general recently revealed that he is already investigating Mylan’s possible deliberate misclassification of EpiPen, along with concerns that the company may have violated antitrust laws by making a deal with Teva Pharmaceuticals to keep an EpiPen competitor off the market while the sticker price of the drug soared by around 600%. September 28, 2016 By Chris Morran@themorrancave gaming the system epipen Mylan doj drugs drug prices Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related not quite settled Mylan To Pay $465M To Settle EpiPen Medicaid Pricing Scandal; Critics Call Deal “Inadequate” oh mylan-ta Administrator: Mylan Has Overcharged Medicaid For EpiPen By At Least 10% crime might pay Sen. Elizabeth Warren: $465M Mylan EpiPen Settlement Is “Shamefully Weak… Shockingly Soft” calling for reimbursement Senators Urge Mylan To Reimburse Defense Department For EpiPen Overcharges we've got some questions West Virginia Investigating EpiPen Maker Mylan For Alleged Medicaid Fraud, Antitrust Violations Previous Ahead Of Tomorrow’s Vote, Several Senators Urge FCC To Approve Set-Top Box Plan Next Walmart May Invest $1B In Flipkart To Fight Amazon Overseas Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Walmart May Invest $1B In Flipkart To Fight Amazon Overseas Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market Worth $119.39 Billion by 2021 - Rising Healthcare Expenditure Driving Growth - Research and Markets 27.09.2016 | 21:07 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Global Cancer Immunotherapy Market Worth $119.39 Billion by 2021 - Rising Healthcare Expenditure Driving Growth - Research and Markets Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Cancer Immunotherapy Market Global Forecast to 2021" report to their offering. The global cancer immunotherapy market is expected to reach USD 119.39 billion by 2021 from USD 61.97 billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 14.0% from 2016 to 2021. Factors such as increasing incidence of cancer, rising healthcare expenditure, and increased access to medical insurance in developed countries are driving growth in the caner immunotherapy market. However, stringent regulatory policies and side effects associated with cancer therapy are the major factors restraining the growth of this market. The global cancer immunotherapy market has been segmented on the basis of type, application, end user, and region. The monoclonal antibodies segment is expected to register the highest growth rate in the cancer immunotherapy market, by type, during the forecast period. Factors such as high success rate and less recovery time are contributing to the high growth in this segment. Geographically, the cancer immunotherapy market is dominated by North America, followed by Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Rest of the World (RoW). The large share of North America can be attributed to the growing aging population and the increased funding from government and non-government agencies in order to increase the research capacity. Target Audience for this Report: Drug Manufacturers and Suppliers Academic Research Institutes Hospitals and Clinics Research and Development (R&D) Companies Business Research and Consulting Service Providers Medical Research Laboratories Academic Medical Centers and Universities Companies Mentioned: Amgen Inc. AstraZeneca Bayer AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Eli Lilly and Company F. Hoffmann-LA Roche Ltd. Janssen Global Services LLC (Johnson Johnson) Merck Novartis Pfizer Key Topics Covered: 1 Introduction 2 Research Methodology 3 Executive Summary 4 Premium Insights 5 Market Overview 6 Industry Trends 7 Cancer Immunotherapy Market, By Product Type 8 Cancer Immunotherapy Market, By Application 9 Cancer Immunotherapy Market, By End User 10 Cancer Immunotherapy Market, By Region 11 Competitive Landscape 12 Company Profile For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wqfbqs/cancer. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160927006619/en/ Contacts: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For EST Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Oncology Drugs © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

Latest News Dow 18,904 +35.68 +0.19% Nasdaq 5,334 +39.39 +0.74% S&P 500 2,187 +10.18 +0.47% 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs 9:00 A.M. ET Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 9:00 A.M. ET An Illustrated History of Thanksgiving Stuffing 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 8:53 A.M. ET Diana Containerships' stock jumps 15% in premarket trade, after tumbling 69% on Thursday 8:53 A.M. ET DryShips' stock surges 12% in premarket trade, after plunging 85% the previous session 8:52 A.M. ET Updated If someone brings Merlot to your Thanksgiving, don’t leave 8:52 A.M. ET Actuant CFO to step down in December 8:49 A.M. ET Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 8:48 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 8:48 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 8:48 A.M. ET Updated Oil flat as investors keep tabs on OPEC deal prospects 8:43 A.M. ET Opinion Will Trump doom his economic agenda by strong-arming the Fed? 8:43 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 8:40 A.M. ET Updated Will Donald Trump cover the White House in gold? 8:37 A.M. ET Actuant's incoming CFO is currently CFO of Century Aluminum 8:36 A.M. ET Actuant names Rick Dillon as CFO, effective Dec. 22 8:34 A.M. ET The euro is on its longest losing streak ever 8:34 A.M. ET Actuant CFO Andrew Lampereur to step down Dec. 21 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Open Market Snapshot Analyst Ratings Home Press Release The Fourth Annual BioNJ CEO Summit Took It OVER the Top By Published: Sept 27, 2016 1:30 p.m. ET Share Bringing together nearly 300 influential leaders from the life sciences industry to share their knowledge, experiences and insights.Click here for a photo gallery from the event. TRENTON, N.J., Sep 27, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- The Fourth Annual BioNJ CEO Summit that took place last week, September 23 at the Bridgewater Marriott, brought together some of the most influential leaders in the life sciences industry to share their knowledge, experiences and views on today's challenging and evolving market access and commercialization environment. The stellar lineup of speakers dove into the issues and considerations that need to be addressed along the development continuum, including raising capital, pricing, post-launch and politics. "Because Patients Can't Wait [SM] , bringing new treatments and drugs to the Patients who need them is always at the heart of our programs," said BioNJ President and CEO Debbie Hart. "And, this year's CEO Summit reflected that by facilitating vital conversations that need to happen to ensure ongoing medical innovation. Today's environment is increasingly complex and the uncertainty of the election makes it even more ominous." "A special thank you to our committed volunteer committee chaired by BioNJ Board Member Al Altomari of Agile Therapeutics and Jan Campbell of Korn Ferry, and our insightful friends at McKinsey & Company who played an integral role in building this year's program," added Hart. One of the many highlights of the Summit included a luncheon presentation by Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO) President and CEO James Greenwood. During his Keynote address, Mr. Greenwood introduced " Innovation Saves," BIO's multi-media campaign focused on biopharmaceutical innovation and its' unique ability to help save lives and money. He rounded out his Keynote with a fireside chat led by Hart on his predictions on the 2016 Presidential Race and its impact on future medical innovation, access and pricing. The diverse roster of speakers included: Murray Aitken, Sr.Vice President & Executive Director, IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics Meg Alexander, Head, Issues Management Practice, inVentiv Health Mark J. Alles, CEO, Celgene Corporation Fedora Baloiu, Head of the Biopharmaceutical Practice, Houlihan Lokey's Healthcare Group Geert Cauwenbergh, Ph.D., Med. Sc., CEO, RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation Brett Davis, Principal, Deloitte Consulting & General Manager, ConvergeHEALTH James Greenwood, President & CEO, Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO) Robert Goldberg, Ph.D., Vice President and Co-Founder, Center for Medicine in the Public Interest Sam Hall, Ph.D., Principal, Apple Tree Partners Karin Hehenberger, M.D., Ph.D., Founder, Chairman & CEO, LYFEBULB Jesper H�iland, Executive Vice President, U.S., Novo Nordisk Lindsay McKenna, Ph.D., Associate Principal, McKinsey & Company Daniel O'Connor, President, CEO & Director, Advaxis Stelios Papadopoulos, Ph.D., Chairman, Biogen Linda Pissott Reig, Esq., Shareholder, Buchanan Ingersoll and Rooney PC Carlo Rizzuto, Ph.D., Partner, Versant Ventures David Schwartz, Partner, DLA Piper Susan Shiff, Ph.D., Sr. Vice President & Head of the Center for Observational & Real World Evidence, Merck & Co. Jeffrey Stoll, Ph.D., Vice President, EY BJ Tevelow, M.D., Sr. Partner, McKinsey & Company Harry J. Travis, President & CEO, eTect, Inc., & Former Vice President, Aetna Specialty & Home Delivery Pharmacy Robert Ward, President & CEO, Radius Health Dieter Weinand, Member of the Board of Management of Bayer AG, President Pharmaceuticals & Chairman of the Board of Management of Bayer Pharma AG Please visit www.BioNJ.org to learn about BioNJ's upcoming events, including our inaugural Patient Advocacy Summit on November 4 at Celgene, the Second Annual Inspiring Women in STEM Conference on December 2 at Sanofi and our first-ever Value of Medical Innovation Workshop on December 8 and Amicus Therapeutics. About BioNJ BioNJ, The Gateway to Health, is a network of more than 400 Members representing research-based life sciences companies and stakeholders dedicated to propelling a vibrant ecosystem where Science is Supported, Companies are Created, Drugs are Developed and Patients are Paramount. Because Patients Can't Wait [SM] , BioNJ supports its Members in the discovery, development and commercialization of therapies and cures that save and improve lives and lessen the burden of illness and disease to society by driving capital formation, fostering entrepreneurship, advocating for public policies that advance medical innovation, providing access to talent and education and offering a cost-saving array of critical commercial resources. For more information about BioNJ, please visit www.BioNJ.org. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160927006435/en/ SOURCE: BioNJ BioNJ Randi Bromberg Vice President, Communications and Marketing O) 609-890-3185 C) 609-955-1067 RBromberg@BioNJ.org Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
null
Your browser does not support JavaScript or it has been disabled! Please make sure you have JavaScript enabled or choose other browser! We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We may also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Read more about our Privacy Policy. I got it! Toggle navigation Resources 810 Events 694 Publications 103275 News 2160 Videos 1919 Organisers 4139People 1899 Speakers 775 Sponsors 13384 Events Archive Events Publications News Videos More Publications 1919 Organisers 4139 People 1899 Speakers 775 Sponsors 13384 Events Archive Policies Dossiers Search Add Add Event Add Video Add Publication Add Speaker Add Sponsor Add Venue Join Log In ICI Europe Attend this Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor event and fast track your immune-checkpoint development. iCal G Cal Register Returning for the second year, ICI (Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors) Europe 2016 focuses exclusively on how to deliver maximum clinical benefit through immune checkpoint monotherapy and combinations. Incorporating insights from Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck Sharpe and Dohme and Genentech, this meeting will deliver practical learning on what it takes to develop the next generation of ICI drugs, from pathway validation to clinical success. When 16 November 2016 @ 12:00 18 November 2016 @ 12:01 Duration: 2 days Where Maritim Hotel München 7 Goethestraße 60313 Frankfurt am Main Germany Organised by Hanson Wade (view profile) Premium Event Select Event and Duration Credit Card M 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 Y 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Do you have a discount Coupon? Secure payment protected by industry standard encryption. Please allow up 60 minutes for activation. You will receive the invoice for your service purchase within 1 business day. For any information, please contact us Cancel Pay Now All good! Your payment was successfully received. Your Event has been successfully upgraded to Premium for the next month(s) - until . We have just sent you an email at with information about the customisation and visibility options included in your Premium Event. For any issue or question, please contact us. Close Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Premium Events in Medicine ANNUAL BISPECIFIC ANTIBODY LISBON SUMMIT Portugal, 23 March 2017 Computer Science On-line Conference 2017 (CSOC 2017) 26 April 2017 2ND ANNUAL CLINICAL TRIAL INNOVATION SUMMIT Portugal, 27 March 2017 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE SUMMIT FOR HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY Portugal, 23 February 2017 Similar Events in Medicine The 2nd International Conference on Life Science and Engineering Taiwan, 15 March 2017 The Key Factors of Impact in Horizon 2020 - Dissemination, IP and Exploitation Austria, 25 November 2016 7th Annual Congress on Materials Research and Technology Germany, 20 February 2017 13th annual Asthma & COPD United Kingdom, 29 March 2017 Digital PCR Course Germany, 5 September 2017 More like these ... Similar Webinars in Medicine FDA Regulations Governing GCP, GLP and GMP 5 December 2016 Clinical Evaluation and the Latest Guideline 6 December 2016 Recent Publications in Medicine ProBIO presents its “ProBIO Business Stories” – the new online tool to make business plan accessible to all Press Release, youris.com GEIE , November 2016 Efficient exploitation of energy efficiency research Publication, youris.com GEIE , October 2016 Beyond research, towards the market Press Release, youris.com GEIE , October 2016 Bioeconomy: the ideal mix to pave the way for investments Publication, youris.com GEIE , October 2016 Enlightening EU Policy-making: Evolving Scientific Advice Policy Brief, epc.eu , September 2016 More like these ... Recent Videos in Medicine Space 4.0 : MEPs get a sneak peek Medicine, 18 November 2016 KAREN field campaign Medicine, 17 November 2016 FET Open Research and Innovation: Gatekeepers Medicine, 15 November 2016 What is a model? Medicine, 15 November 2016 German eco-friendly water treatment thrives in Austria - Short version Medicine, 12 November 2016 More like these ... Recent News in Medicine Missed our #COP22 press conference with the #EuropeanParliament? Catch up here https://t.co/4nssUZ2u0B @EU_ScienceHub - 18 November 2016 14:17 Piloting the foresight knowledge management tool #policylab4eu #megatrends @EU_ScienceHub @fabianasc25 @_starglide https://t.co/s4S3hRmZ7v @EU_ScienceHub - 18 November 2016 14:15 Excellent joint meeting in Lithuania INEA and Court of Auditors to audit #CEF @INEA #Ambergrid #energy gas pipelin… https://t.co/1a4PWq1QIC @inea_eu - 18 November 2016 12:07 @jcastanom, de @EU_ScienceHub, presenta el impacto de los #MOOC en el entorno europeo en #JornadaFDTA https://t.co/rmbBE3Whg9 @EU_ScienceHub - 18 November 2016 11:17 WINNER #callforkics new pan-European partnership @EIT_Food selected! WELCOME to #EITCommunity!… https://t.co/4m10xgAOJK @EU_H2020 - 18 November 2016 08:55 More like these ... Share this event with others Your name Your email Recipient(s) Your Message Share Contact Hanson Wade Your Name Your Email Your Message Send message Title About Contact About Tour Blog Terms of Use Privacy Policy Guidelines Connect with us Directories Public access Events Publications News Videos Login to access Organisers People Events Archive Coming soon Speakers Sponsors Policy Areas energy environment health digital science agriculture culture social cities transport development trade economics internal-market foreign-affairs home-affairs institutions other Dossiers Brexit Migration Trade Agreements Erasmus+ Horizon 2020 Create an Account Upload your contents for free, stay up to date with relevant alerts and information. Join Log In Newsletter Stay updated with the latest developments & events in Europe and beyond Subscribe Invite a colleague to join your team Colleague Name Colleague Email Send Invitation
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries | FDA Approval Zostavax® Shingles Vaccine Wins UK Tender Renewal LYON, France, September 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Zostavax® shingles vaccine remains as part of the successful UK national immunisation programme for the next two years.  Sanofi Pasteur MSD today announced that the Department of Health (DH) has recommended that Zostavax® should remain on the UK's national immunisation programme* to protect seniors from the significant burden of disease associated with shingles. UK adults aged 70 and 78 years old will continue to be offered Zostavax® as part of their adult vaccination schedule. Supply of this new tender will start in 2017 for at least two years. "Sanofi Pasteur MSD is dedicated to raising awareness of shingles and the importance of senior vaccine programmes across Europe," said Andrea Rappagliosi, Vice President Market Access, Medical Affairs and Health Policy at Sanofi Pasteur MSD. "The renewal of the shingles immunisation programme for the UK is a demonstration of NHS England's commitment to healthy ageing for seniors and serves as a model for other countries in protecting against shingles," he added. Zostavax® is an efficient and well-tolerated, one-dose vaccine supported by over 10 years of real-life evidence. The vaccine has been used for the national immunisation programme since September 2013. By the end of March 2016 just under half of eligible adults in the UK had been vaccinated against shingles,[1] representing a significant achievement and opportunity to build upon for the upcoming season. "Shingles is a painful and disruptive disease which can lead to severe complications and accelerates decline in health in senior populations," said Robert W Johnson, MD.,FRCA.,FFPMRCA., Hon. Senior Research Fellow, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Bristol, UK. "It's crucial that shingles vaccine coverage is as high as possible in the UK and across Europe to ensure the widest protection against the disease," he concluded.  UK disease coverage rates are an achievement but can be improved through ongoing efforts to identify and vaccinate all eligible individuals. A successful adult vaccination program relies on an effective vaccine that is easy to implement, ensuring it can be widely used in routine clinical practice. Zostavax® is licensed in the UK and across Europe for the immunisation of adults over 50 years and is given as a single injection[2] which supports vaccination adherence. Zostavax® has a well-established safety and tolerability profile from over 57,000 adults in clinical trials and over 32 million doses have been distributed worldwide since 2006, proving itself as an effective preventative measure available in a single dose with real-life experience in the primary care setting.[2],[3]   Several European countries have recently decided to recommend and/or fund Zostavax®, including Austria, Greece, UK and France, as well as some regions in Germany, Italy and Spain. Shingles is a common and debilitating viral disease caused by the reactivation of the varicella zoster virus that can affect one in four people at some point in their lifetime.[4] Approximately 1.7 million new cases of shingles appear every year in Europe.[5],[6] The risk of developing shingles more than doubles after the age of 50 years, and 2/3 shingles cases occur after the age of 50 years.[7]-[9] The WHO predicts that the number of people aged 60 years and over worldwide will increase to 2 billion by 2050.[10] This growing senior population has a higher susceptibility to infectious diseases and associated complications that can be prevented through vaccination. # # # About Zostavax®  Zostavax® is a live attenuated vaccine that appropriately boosts immune control of the dormant shingles virus, with 10 years of routine use in primary care providing strong evidence of effectiveness and good safety. The vaccine is designed to appropriately boost the varicella-zoster virus specific cellular immunity, which controls virus reactivation and/or replication.[2] It is the first available preventative means licensed in Europe against shingles and the long lasting nerve pain that may follow the disease, known as post-herpetic neuralgia (PHN).[2] More than 32 million doses of Zostavax® have been distributed worldwide since 2006.[3] About Sanofi Pasteur MSD - http://www.spmsd.com Sanofi Pasteur MSD is a European joint venture formed between Sanofi Pasteur (the vaccine division of Sanofi) and Merck (known as MSD outside the United States and Canada). Combining innovation and expertise, Sanofi Pasteur MSD is the only European pharmaceutical company dedicated exclusively to the distribution of vaccines. Sanofi Pasteur MSD makes use of the combined expertise resulting from Sanofi Pasteur and Merck's research to focus on the development of new vaccines in Europe in order to produce the most effective, most acceptable and better tolerated vaccines. * This announcement was made in the UK in July 2016 and, hence, this press release is not being released in the UK. References   Public Health England. Shingles vaccine coverage report, England, September 2015 to February 2016. Available at: https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/521577/hpr1616_shngls-VC.pdf [Last accessed July 2016] Zostavax® Summary of Product Characteristics (SmPC) Internal data SPMSD 4Q2015 Bowsher D. The lifetime occurrence of herpes zoster and prevalence of post-herpetic neuralgia: A retrospective survey in an elderly population. Eur J Pain -1999;3(4):335-42. Miller E, Marshall R, Vurdien J. Epidemiology, outcome and control of varicella-zoster infection. Rev Med Microbiol. 1993;4:222-30. Pinchinat S, Cebrián-Cuenca AM, Bricout H, Johnson RW. Similar herpes zoster incidence across Europe: results from a systematic literature review. BMC Infect Dis. 2013;13:170. Hope-Simpson RE. Postherpetic neuralgia. J R Coll Gen Pract 1975; 25: 571-5. Johnson R, McElhaney J, Pedalino B, Levin M. Prevention of herpes zoster and its painful and debilitating complications. Int J Infect Dis 2007; 11 Suppl 2:S43-8. Yawn BP, Saddier P, Wollan PC, St Sauver JL, Kurland MJ, Sy LS. A population-based study of the incidence and complication rates of herpes zoster before zoster vaccine introduction. Mayo Clin Proc 2007; 82[11], 1341-1349 WHO. Facts about ageing. http://www.who.int/ageing/about/facts/en/ [Last accessed July 2016] SOURCE Sanofi Pasteur MSD Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
null
