Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market Segment by Applications, Product Types,Regions and Forecast to 2022 PUNE, INDIA, May 25, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market Segment by Applications, Product Types,Regions and Forecast to 2022”. This report studies the global Companion Animal Speciality Drugs market, analyzes and researches the Companion Animal Speciality Drugs development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Zoetis Merck Merial Elanco Bayer Animal Health Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica Virbac Ceva Sante Animale Vétoquinol Jurox MSD Animal Health Australia PARNELL CAHIC Ringpu Biology Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1307177-global-companion-animal-speciality-drugs-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Companion Animal Speciality Drugs can be split into Antibiotics Anti-inflammatory Drugs Parasiticides Heartworm Behavioural Products Nutritional Products Anti-Obesity Drugs Skin Care Products Vaccines Market segment by Application, Companion Animal Speciality Drugs can be split into Veterinary Hospitals Veterinary Clinics Pharmacies and Drug Stores Ask Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1307177-global-companion-animal-speciality-drugs-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points Global Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Companion Animal Speciality Drugs 1.1 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market Overview 1.1.1 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market by Type 1.3.1 Antibiotics 1.3.2 Anti-inflammatory Drugs 1.3.3 Parasiticides 1.3.4 Heartworm 1.3.5 Behavioural Products 1.3.6 Nutritional Products 1.3.7 Anti-Obesity Drugs 1.3.8 Skin Care Products 1.3.9 Vaccines 1.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Veterinary Hospitals 1.4.2 Veterinary Clinics 1.4.3 Pharmacies and Drug Stores 2 Global Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Zoetis 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Merck 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Merial 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Elanco 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Bayer Animal Health 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Virbac 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 Ceva Sante Animale 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 Vétoquinol 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 Jurox 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.10.5 Recent Developments 3.11 MSD Animal Health Australia 3.12 PARNELL 3.13 CAHIC 3.14 Ringpu Biology 4 Global Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market Size by Type (2012-2017) 4.2 Global Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Market Size by Application (2012-2017) 4.3 Potential Application of Companion Animal Speciality Drugs in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Companion Animal Speciality Drugs Continued……. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1307177 ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Citizen-Centric Justice in Tanzania: Expanding and Modernizing Court Services Next PostNext Landing pad for start-ups Search Recent Posts Transaction Network Services passe à Rimini Street pour le soutien du logiciel E-Business Suite d’Oracle Transaction Network Services passe à Rimini Street pour le soutien du logiciel E-Business Suite d’Oracle Paramount Pictures Heats Up “BAYWATCH” Film Release with Partner Campaigns Automakers Seek to Shirk Environmental Responsibilities, and Senators Oblige NZME/Fairfax appeal merger rejection Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Optum and Merck Collaborate to Advance Value-Based Contracting of Pharmaceuticals WAKEFIELD, Mass.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Optum, the health services business of UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH), and Merck (NYSE: MRK, known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada), will collaborate to develop and simulate the performance of contractual reimbursement models in which payment for prescription drugs is aligned more closely with patient health outcomes. Through a multi-year collaboration on a shared “Learning Laboratory,” the companies will explore value-based and pay-for-performance models, known as Outcomes-Based Risk Sharing Agreements (OBRSAs), and their potential for broad adoption among health insurance companies, pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs), and pharmaceutical companies. The initiative will involve the use of real world data to co-develop and test advanced predictive models and co-design OBRSAs to reduce clinical and financial uncertainty with respect to payment for prescription drugs. Under OBRSAs, health plans and other payers reimburse drug manufacturers on the basis of clinical outcomes achieved. Prices can fall or rise if the results succeed or fail to meet expectations outlined in the agreement. Increasingly, OBRSAs have become part of the conversation across the health care system due to the desire by health plans, care providers, PBMs, and pharmaceutical companies to base reimbursements on evidence-based outcomes. Because the measuring and monitoring of clinical outcomes is crucial to the viability and applicability of these models, Optum’s integrated claims and clinical records will be used to provide data reflective of real world patient care and outcomes in the United States. These data assets will enable the companies to assess OBRSA models across different patient populations, clinical settings, and therapeutic areas aligned with Merck’s product portfolio. “Ensuring that health care dollars are spent on interventions that improve patient care and health outcomes is a shared goal for all stakeholders,” said Curt Medeiros, president of Optum Life Sciences. “This collaboration offers an opportunity to leverage our collective strengths to increase knowledge about the design and implementation of outcomes-based contracts in the U.S. health system.” Optum and Merck plan to publicly share analytic insights, findings and recommendations to help inform and facilitate the understanding and use of pragmatic approaches to OBRSAs in the health care system. “Our collaboration will create a unique data-driven platform to enable modeling and analysis of innovative contracts that are needed to move to a value-based health care model,” said Susan Shiff, senior vice president, Center for Observational and Real-world Evidence, Merck. “The collaboration between Merck and Optum will help advance both organizations’ common goals of improving patient health outcomes, expanding access to innovative therapies, and ensuring the best use of health care spending.” Optum provides expertise in pharmaceutical contracting, health economic and outcomes research, actuarial analytics, and health policy and regulation, as well as access to data required for exploration of these new models. Merck provides data science and outcomes research expertise, a deep understanding of the pharmaceuticals marketplace, and years of experience working with large private and public customers to create flexible pricing models across multiple therapy areas. About Optum Optum is a leading information and technology-enabled health services business dedicated to helping make the health system work better for everyone. With more than 100,000 people worldwide, Optum delivers intelligent, integrated solutions that help to modernize the health system and improve overall population health. Optum is part of UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH). For more information, visit www.Optum.com. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for UnitedHealth Group. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious News on In Vivo Imaging Systems Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Next PostNext Annual Patient Appreciation Event At Clevens Face And Body Specialist To Benefit Face Of Change Foundation Search Recent Posts Pervaporation Membranes Market Analysis, Recent Trends and Regional Growth Forecast by Types and Applications 2017 Gas Separation Membranes Market Cost Analysis, Revenue and Gross Margin Analysis with its important Types and Application 2017 Blood Grouping Reagents Market Overview, Growth Analysis and Regional Demand & Development Forecast Report from 2017-2022 Blood Collection Bags Market Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Latest Trends by Leading Regions, and Manufacturers from 2017 to 2022 Bile Collection Bags Market Size, Share, Trends Analysis and Growth Forecast by Type and Application from 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Tarena International Inc (TEDU) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Criteo SA (CRTO) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Receives Sell Rating from Jefferies Group LLC HSS Hire Group PLC (HSS) Receives “Sell” Rating from Liberum Capital Etsy (ETSY) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Caleres (CAL) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows CB Financial Services (CBFV) Earning Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports First Interstate Bancsystem (FIBK) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Mortgage Advice Bureau (Holdings) PLC (MAB1) Given Buy Rating at Shore Capital Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Receives “Hold” Rating from Shore Capital OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) Downgraded to Add at Peel Hunt Smiths Group PLC (SMGZY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Scor Se (SCRYY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Photonstar Led Group PLC (PSL) Receives Corporate Rating from Northland Securities Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Lowered to Hold at Jefferies Group LLC Harris Associates L P Sells 1,178,077 Shares of American International Group Inc (AIG) Tredje AP fonden Increases Position in Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK Has $8.507 Million Stake in AES Corp (AES) Apartment Investment and Management Co (AIV) Shares Bought by HGI Capital Management LLC Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Receives Sell Rating from Jefferies Group LLC May 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC restated their sell rating on shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) in a research note published on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a $51.00 price objective on the stock. A number of other analysts also recently commented on the stock. Vetr downgraded shares of Merck & Co. from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $69.99 target price on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on shares of Merck & Co. from $74.00 to $76.00 and gave the stock an overweight rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. BMO Capital Markets boosted their target price on shares of Merck & Co. from $68.00 to $70.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Cowen and Company reiterated a market perform rating and issued a $70.00 target price (up from $68.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Merck & Co. from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $72.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $68.53. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.23% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $64.78. 2,830,216 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $177.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 41.29 and a beta of 0.79. The company’s 50-day moving average is $63.19 and its 200-day moving average is $62.87. Merck & Co. has a one year low of $55.10 and a one year high of $66.80. Merck & Co. also was the target of unusually large options trading activity on Thursday. Stock traders bought 3,268 put options on the company. This represents an increase of 476% compared to the typical daily volume of 567 put options. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.83 by $0.05. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The business had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.89 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Merck & Co. will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Receives Sell Rating from Jefferies Group LLC” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/25/merck-co-inc-mrk-receives-sell-rating-from-jefferies-group-llc.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.90%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is 92.61%. In other Merck & Co. news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total transaction of $317,700.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 14,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $909,702.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 3.3% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 190,831,858 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,125,457,000 after buying an additional 6,102,216 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 2,738.9% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 183,162,890 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,638,170,000 after buying an additional 176,711,091 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares in the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 1.1% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 36,237,082 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,261,555,000 after buying an additional 411,890 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in Merck & Co. by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares in the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content [Accesskey '1'] Skip to navigation [Accesskey '2'] Cookies on Pinsent Masons website This website uses cookies to allow us to see how the site is used. The cookies cannot identify you. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this OK If you want to use the sites without cookies or would like to know more, you can do that here. About Us Services People Events Newsletter Contact Us Media Feedback Pinsent Masons Toggle navigation Search Home Legal info by Topic Property All Property Investment Planning Corporate occupiers Development Town and city centre redevelopment Environment & Climate Change Property litigation Real estate finance Hotels Corporate real estate Housing Structured real estate Private rentals Specialist property investment Litigation & International Arbitration All Litigation & International Arbitration Court procedure Pre-action considerations Limitation Injunctions Litigation funding Alternative dispute resolution and mediation Arbitration and international arbitration Privilege Disclosure, electronic disclosure and document review Settlement Enforcement Negligence Economic torts Judicial review Pensions All Pensions General pensions Advice for employers Financial institution advice Advice for trustees Pensions investments European and international Pensions disputes Public sector unfunded pension schemes EU & Competition All EU & Competition EU and UK competition law Public procurement State aid Regulatory All Regulatory Health & safety Environmental protection Bribery and internal investigations Product liability Inquiries Charity law Intellectual Property All Intellectual Property Copyright Trade marks Designs Patents Database rights Tax All Tax Corporate tax Share plans Employment tax Private wealth tax Property tax Tax Disputes and Investigations International tax VAT and indirect taxes Construction Advisory & Disputes All Construction Advisory & Disputes International construction Construction disputes Construction procurement Banking & Restructuring All Banking & Restructuring Banking Restructuring Financial services regulation Project finance Banking reform Employment All Employment Termination Discipline and Grievances Business sales and outsourcing Discrimination Family friendly Sickness Recruitment Immigration Employment status Employment tribunals and courts Pay and benefits Restraint of trade and contracts Trade unions and employee consultation Corporate All Corporate Private equity General contract and boilerplate Directors' service contracts Directors' duties The company secretary Financial difficulty and insolvency Remuneration of directors Company law and corporate governance Health and safety and corporate manslaughter Investment funds Setting up a business Equity capital markets Takeovers M&A Reorganisations Partnerships Insurance All Insurance Competition law and insurance European developments affecting insurance Insurance law and liability Life insurance Insurance case reports Insurance regulation Retail Distribution Review Reinsurance Insurance brokers and intermediaries TMT & Sourcing All TMT & Sourcing Cloud computing Outsourcing IT disputes EU data protection regulation Data protection and privacy Cybersecurity Freedom of information E-commerce Telecoms Media law Gambling Commercial All Commercial Commercial agents, distribution and franchising Supply of goods and services Consumer protection Supply chain management Advertising and marketing Strategic alliances and collaboration Universities Sports law Projects All Projects Energy and infrastructure finance Projects procurement and contracts Major projects International projects Legal info by Sector Energy All Energy Conventional power Nuclear power Oil and gas Renewables and energy from waste Natural resources Infrastructure All Infrastructure Transport Sport and leisure Education Waste Water and wastewater Core Industries & Markets All Core Industries & Markets Retail Sport Hotels Gambling Housing Public sector Life sciences Universities and higher education Financial Services All Financial Services Banks Private equity Professional services Platforms Insurance and wealth management Private wealth Fintech Payments Advanced Manufacturing & Technology All Advanced Manufacturing & Technology TMT Life sciences Diversified industrial Business services Health Real Estate All Real Estate Filter by regionRegion Europe UK Germany France Turkey Middle East UAE Qatar Turkey Asia Pacific China Central Asia South east Asia Australia Africa Southern Africa Eastern Africa North Africa Western Africa Filter content across the site by region Select regions whose content you would like to see Europe UK Germany France Turkey Asia Pacific China Central Asia South east Asia Australia Middle East UAE Qatar Turkey Africa Southern Africa Eastern Africa North Africa Western Africa View region pages Filter Regions Special Reports Banking on Cloud The business impact of Brexit One Belt, One Road Special report on oil and gas M&A View more Special Reports About Us About My Out-Law History Editorial policy of Out-Law.com My Out-Law user guide Awards Complaints policy of Out-Law.com Sign in to my account My Out-Law Filter By Region Search Sign up to personalise Sign In About My Out-Law Select regions whose content you would like to see Europe UK Germany France Turkey Asia Pacific China Central Asia South east Asia Australia Middle East UAE Qatar Turkey Africa Southern Africa Eastern Africa North Africa Western Africa View region pages Filter Regions Click here to start your search Topics - EU & Competition - EU and UK competition law Regulators could recognise different 'commercial dynamics' in biologics market, says expert There are differences in the "commercial dynamics" for developing and marketing 'biosimilar' medicines compared to standard generic drugs and these could be taken into account by competition regulators, an expert has said.25 May 2017 EU and UK competition law EU & Competition Intellectual Property Patents Life sciences Health Advanced Manufacturing & Technology UK Europe Life sciences and intellectual property law specialist Christopher Sharp of Pinsent Masons, the law firm behind Out-Law.com, was commenting after the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) in the UK turned its attention to issues of competition in the biologics market, where the patent rights for many blockbuster drugs have recently ended or are nearing expiration. The CMA issued a formal statement of objections to pharmaceuticals giant Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD) over pricing of its Remicade drug, which is used to treat conditions such as Crohn’s disease, ulcerative colitis and rheumatoid arthritis. Remicade is MSD's brand name for infliximab, which is a biological medicine derived from living material. Biologics are generally super blockbuster drugs and often billion-dollar products commonly used to treat chronic diseases. Biologics cannot be copied exactly, unlike 'small molecule' medicines, so businesses that develop originator products are generally deemed to hold a strong market position. Near-copycat drugs can be developed to compete with originators. These are called biosimilars. Rival 'biosimilar' drugs to Remicade have been developed and are available on the market. The CMA has taken issue with a "discount scheme" it said MSD operated for Remicade. Its provisional findings are that MSD "broke competition law by abusing its dominant position" by applying discounting to Remicade that was "likely to restrict competition from ‘biosimilar’ versions of infliximab that were new to the market". However, the CMA said "no conclusion should be drawn that there has in fact been any breach of competition law" at this stage of its investigation. MSD has a right to respond to the CMA's provisional findings under the competition regulator's formal investigation procedures. In a statement issued in response to the CMA's statement of objections, MSD said it is "cooperating fully with the CMA’s ongoing investigation" and that it is "confident that the proceedings will show that MSD has complied with competition law at all times". MSD said: "The discounts in question meant that infliximab was competitively priced and offered savings to the UK National Health Service, without hindering competition. The statement of objections sets out the CMA’s provisional views only – it is not a finding that MSD has infringed competition law and MSD welcomes the opportunity to respond. As a company whose products touch the lives and wellbeing of people around the world, we are committed to the highest standards of ethics and integrity." Sharp said the CMA has been active in assessing drugs pricing issues in the pharmaceuticals market in a number of other recent cases. Those other cases concerned the pricing of small molecules products. Sharp said, though, that "different commercial dynamics are at play" in the biologics market. Sharp said: "Whereas generic drugs manufacturers can sell an exact replica of small molecule drugs manufactured by the big pharmaceuticals once the patent term on those drugs expire, the situation is different in respect of biologics market. Originator biologics cannot be precisely copied, so biosimilar rivals take longer to develop, and incur significant research and development and regulatory costs, compared to typical generic small molecule drugs. The increased time and costs involved in developing and manufacturing biosimilars, and bringing them to market, is reflected in the fact that relatively few have successfully been brought to market in Europe." "The commercial dynamics for biosimilars are therefore much different to those that apply in the market for generic drugs. We will need to wait to see if the way regulators assess pricing in the market for biologics reflects the different issues in play," he said. Sharp said that the CMA case comes at a time when health authorities and commissioning groups in the UK are increasingly looking at the viability of switching patients with chronic diseases from originator biologics products to lower cost biosimilars. Switching patients can be difficult, he said. "Because biosimilars are not identical to the originator biologic, there is often patient-based stigma," Sharp said. "Patients are understandably concerned that a switch to a biosimilar from an originator biologic drug could disrupt the effectiveness of their sometimes delicate treatment regime, notwithstanding that fact that a biosimilar will only be approved by regulatory authorities after a robust and detailed evidence based assessment." "However, cost pressures on UK health bodies make switching an attractive prospect where the same effect of using biosimilars has been demonstrated. The challenge is patient education, and for practitioners to convince patients that have been reliant on an originator product to ease their symptoms to give their consent to switching," he said. More from Out-Law.com BREXIT: Leaving the EU could trigger a recalibration of UK patent law to support UK life sciences, says expert 04 Apr 2016 Impending 'patent cliff' for biologics likely to draw scrutiny from competition authorities, says expert 23 Nov 2015 Tweet Related Sectors Life sciences Health Advanced Manufacturing & Technology All sectors Latest EU and UK competition law News & Guides Competition probe opened into alleged 'excessive pricing' of cancer drugs 16 May 2017 Retail banking business models under strategic review by UK regulator 12 May 2017 Advocate general: Uber is a transport firm subject to national regulations 12 May 2017 Guide: The duty to disclose competition law infringements to the FCA Guide: The Technology Transfer Block Exemption Join My Out-Law See only the content that matters to you Tailor Out-Law to your exact needs Save the most useful content for later reading Tailor our weekly eNewsletter to your interests Join My Out-Law Already signed up to My Out-Law? Sign in Pinsent Masons Expertise Christopher Sharp Senior Associate View profile More about Pinsent Masons Learn how to fine tune Out-Law to your interests About Us Services People Events Newsletter Contact Us Media Feedback Pinsent Masons Legal Notices Cookies Privacy Site Map Accessibility All News Feeds Subscribe to our RSS feed © Copyright Pinsent Masons LLP
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Kallyope Inc.'s Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., to Receive Prestigious Perkin Medal Internationally Recognized Medicinal Chemist to be honored by The Society of Chemical Industry News provided by SCI America 25 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article PHILADELPHIA, May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Society of Chemical Industry (SCI), America Group, announced today that Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., Senior Vice President for Drug Discovery at Kallyope, Inc., has won the 2017 SCI Perkin Medal. This honor recognizes her outstanding work in the field of medicinal chemistry, especially her work leading to the development of the drugs JANUVIA® and JANUMET® for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes. Weber will receive the medal at a dinner in her honor on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at the Hilton Penn's Landing Hotel in Philadelphia. "Dr. Weber is an exceptional research scientist whose mastery of medicinal chemistry has impacted millions of lives," said Christopher D. Pappas, President and CEO of Trinseo, and Chair of SCI America. "Her passion to improve the human condition, coupled with her strong leadership skills have had a profound influence on pharmaceutical innovation." (PRNewsfoto/SCI America)... About Ann E. Weber Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., is Senior Vice President – Drug Discovery at Kallyope Inc., a New York City-based biotechnology company focused on identification of therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis. In this role she is responsible for translating biology arising from the company's state-of the-art technology platform into drug discovery and development programs. She retired in November 2015 from Merck & Co., where she most recently held the position of Vice President – Lead Optimization Chemistry at Merck Research Laboratories (MRL), responsible for the discovery of innovative therapeutic agents across disease areas. She joined MRL as a Senior Research Chemist in 1987. Dr. Weber's research interests include the design and synthesis of ligands for G-protein coupled receptors, ion channels and enzymes. Her work has led to over 40 development candidates, including JANUVIA® (sitagliptin), a treatment for patients with Type 2 diabetes (T2DM), JANUMET®, a fixed dose combination of sitagliptin and metformin, and MARIZEV® (omarigliptin), a once-weekly treatment for T2DM that was approved in Japan in September 2015.  An additional drug candidate, vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder, is in late stage clinical trials. Dr. Weber is the author or co-author of over 80 publications.  She is co-inventor on over 35 issued US patents. Her awards include the Robert M. Scarborough Award for Excellence in Medicinal Chemistry (American Chemistry Society (ACS)), the Heroes of Chemistry Award (ACS), the Discoverer's Award (PhRMA), recognizing scientists whose work has been of special benefit to humankind, and a Directors' Award, the highest honor that Merck confers on its employees. She is a 2013 Liberty Science Center Women in STEM Honoree and the recipient of the 2015 Gift of Mentoring Award from the Metro Women Chemists Committee. In 2016 she was named to the Medicinal Chemistry Hall of Fame (ACS). Before joining Merck, Dr. Weber obtained her B.S. degree in chemistry summa cum laude from the University of Notre Dame. She earned her Ph.D. degree from Harvard University, studying synthetic organic chemistry in the laboratories of Professor David A. Evans. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) Perkin Medal The annual award is recognized as the highest honor given for outstanding work in applied chemistry in the United States. It commemorates the discovery of the first synthetic dye (the so-called Perkin mauve) by Sir William Henry Perkin in 1856. This discovery was a significant step forward in organic chemistry that led to the birth of a major segment of the chemical industry. The SCI Perkin Medal was first awarded to Sir William at a banquet held by the SCI in New York in 1906. Since then, more than 100 such awards have been given to notable scientists. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) SCI America Group, launched in 1894, is part of the Society of Chemical Industry's international organization. It provides a unique networking forum for chemical industry leaders, industrial scientists and technologists to exchange new business ideas and best practices. It celebrates achievement to promote public awareness of the contributions of industrial chemistry and inspire students to enter technical careers. SCI America events are managed by the Chemical Heritage Foundation (CHF). The Perkin Medal award dinner will be the final event of Innovation Day, a full day of research collaboration in the molecular sciences held at CHF on September 12, 2017. About the Chemical Heritage Foundation CHF fosters dialogue on science and technology in society. Our staff and fellows study the past in order to understand the present and inform the future. We focus on matter and materials and their effects on our modern world in territory ranging from the physical sciences and industries, through the chemical sciences and engineering, to the life sciences and technologies. We collect, preserve, and exhibit historical artifacts; engage communities of scientists and engineers; and tell the stories of the people behind breakthroughs and innovations. About Kallyope, Inc. Kallyope is a new biotechnology company headquartered in New York City. Founded by Richard Axel, Tom Maniatis, and Charles Zuker from Columbia University in November 2015, we are focused on the identification of new therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis.   Kallyope is creating an industry-leading platform employing cutting edge technologies, including single cell sequencing, bioinformatics, opto- and chemo-genetics, circuit mapping, and neural imaging, for the purpose of identifying and targeting gut-brain circuits involved in health and disease.  The Company is well funded, and has assembled an outstanding scientific team with deep expertise in core platform technologies, and a leadership team with a proven track record of success in drug discovery and translation.     The Company is headquartered in the Alexandria Center® for Life Sciences, a state-of-the-art, collaborative life science campus in the heart of Manhattan, with close proximity to New York City's world-leading clinical and research institutions.   For more information, see www.kallyope.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kallyope-incs-ann-e-weber-phd-to-receive-prestigious-perkin-medal-300462664.html SOURCE SCI America Related Links http://www.sci-america.org 23 May, 2017, 13:59 ET Preview: Dow's Melinda H. Keefe to Receive 14th Annual SCI Gordon E. Moore Medal My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 23 May, 2017, 13:59 ET Dow's Melinda H. Keefe to Receive 14th Annual SCI Gordon E. Moore... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Chemical Awards You just read: Kallyope Inc.'s Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., to Receive Prestigious Perkin Medal News provided by SCI America 25 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kallyope Inc.’s Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., to Receive Prestigious Perkin Medal PHILADELPHIA, May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Society of Chemical Industry (SCI), America Group, announced today that Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., Senior Vice President for Drug Discovery at Kallyope, Inc., has won the 2017 SCI Perkin Medal. This honor recognizes her outstanding work in the field of medicinal chemistry, especially her work leading to the development of the drugs JANUVIA® and JANUMET® for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes. Weber will receive the medal at a dinner in her honor on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at the Hilton Penn’s Landing Hotel in Philadelphia. „Dr. Weber is an exceptional research scientist whose mastery of medicinal chemistry has impacted millions of lives,” said Christopher D. Pappas, President and CEO of Trinseo, and Chair of SCI America. „Her passion to improve the human condition, coupled with her strong leadership skills have had a profound influence on pharmaceutical innovation.” (PRNewsfoto/SCI America)… About Ann E. Weber Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., is Senior Vice President – Drug Discovery at Kallyope Inc., a New York City-based biotechnology company focused on identification of therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis. In this role she is responsible for translating biology arising from the company’s state-of the-art technology platform into drug discovery and development programs. She retired in November 2015 from Merck & Co., where she most recently held the position of Vice President – Lead Optimization Chemistry at Merck Research Laboratories (MRL), responsible for the discovery of innovative therapeutic agents across disease areas. She joined MRL as a Senior Research Chemist in 1987. Dr. Weber’s research interests include the design and synthesis of ligands for G-protein coupled receptors, ion channels and enzymes. Her work has led to over 40 development candidates, including JANUVIA® (sitagliptin), a treatment for patients with Type 2 diabetes (T2DM), JANUMET®, a fixed dose combination of sitagliptin and metformin, and MARIZEV® (omarigliptin), a once-weekly treatment for T2DM that was approved in Japan in September 2015.  An additional drug candidate, vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder, is in late stage clinical trials. Dr. Weber is the author or co-author of over 80 publications.  She is co-inventor on over 35 issued US patents. Her awards include the Robert M. Scarborough Award for Excellence in Medicinal Chemistry (American Chemistry Society (ACS)), the Heroes of Chemistry Award (ACS), the Discoverer’s Award (PhRMA), recognizing scientists whose work has been of special benefit to humankind, and a Directors’ Award, the highest honor that Merck confers on its employees. She is a 2013 Liberty Science Center Women in STEM Honoree and the recipient of the 2015 Gift of Mentoring Award from the Metro Women Chemists Committee. In 2016 she was named to the Medicinal Chemistry Hall of Fame (ACS). Before joining Merck, Dr. Weber obtained her B.S. degree in chemistry summa cum laude from the University of Notre Dame. She earned her Ph.D. degree from Harvard University, studying synthetic organic chemistry in the laboratories of Professor David A. Evans. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) Perkin Medal The annual award is recognized as the highest honor given for outstanding work in applied chemistry in the United States. It commemorates the discovery of the first synthetic dye (the so-called Perkin mauve) by Sir William Henry Perkin in 1856. This discovery was a significant step forward in organic chemistry that led to the birth of a major segment of the chemical industry. The SCI Perkin Medal was first awarded to Sir William at a banquet held by the SCI in New York in 1906. Since then, more than 100 such awards have been given to notable scientists. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) SCI America Group, launched in 1894, is part of the Society of Chemical Industry’s international organization. It provides a unique networking forum for chemical industry leaders, industrial scientists and technologists to exchange new business ideas and best practices. It celebrates achievement to promote public awareness of the contributions of industrial chemistry and inspire students to enter technical careers. SCI America events are managed by the Chemical Heritage Foundation (CHF). The Perkin Medal award dinner will be the final event of Innovation Day, a full day of research collaboration in the molecular sciences held at CHF on September 12, 2017. About the Chemical Heritage Foundation CHF fosters dialogue on science and technology in society. Our staff and fellows study the past in order to understand the present and inform the future. We focus on matter and materials and their effects on our modern world in territory ranging from the physical sciences and industries, through the chemical sciences and engineering, to the life sciences and technologies. We collect, preserve, and exhibit historical artifacts; engage communities of scientists and engineers; and tell the stories of the people behind breakthroughs and innovations. About Kallyope, Inc. Kallyope is a new biotechnology company headquartered in New York City. Founded by Richard Axel, Tom Maniatis, and Charles Zuker from Columbia University in November 2015, we are focused on the identification of new therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis.   Kallyope is creating an industry-leading platform employing cutting edge technologies, including single cell sequencing, bioinformatics, opto- and chemo-genetics, circuit mapping, and neural imaging, for the purpose of identifying and targeting gut-brain circuits involved in health and disease.  The Company is well funded, and has assembled an outstanding scientific team with deep expertise in core platform technologies, and a leadership team with a proven track record of success in drug discovery and translation.     The Company is headquartered in the Alexandria Center® for Life Sciences, a state-of-the-art, collaborative life science campus in the heart of Manhattan, with close proximity to New York City’s world-leading clinical and research institutions.   For more information, see www.kallyope.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kallyope-incs-ann-e-weber-phd-to-receive-prestigious-perkin-medal-300462664.html SOURCE SCI America Related Links http://www.sci-america.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Selling Power Features The Brooks Group on 2017 Top 20 Sales Training Companies List Next PostNext Pluralsight’s Chief People Officer Anita Grantham Named One of 30 Women to Watch by Utah Business Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kallyope Inc.’s Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., to Receive Prestigious Perkin Medal PHILADELPHIA, May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Society of Chemical Industry (SCI), America Group, announced today that Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., Senior Vice President for Drug Discovery at Kallyope, Inc., has won the 2017 SCI Perkin Medal. This honor recognizes her outstanding work in the field of medicinal chemistry, especially her work leading to the development of the drugs JANUVIA® and JANUMET® for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes. Weber will receive the medal at a dinner in her honor on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at the Hilton Penn’s Landing Hotel in Philadelphia. „Dr. Weber is an exceptional research scientist whose mastery of medicinal chemistry has impacted millions of lives,” said Christopher D. Pappas, President and CEO of Trinseo, and Chair of SCI America. „Her passion to improve the human condition, coupled with her strong leadership skills have had a profound influence on pharmaceutical innovation.” (PRNewsfoto/SCI America)… About Ann E. Weber Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., is Senior Vice President – Drug Discovery at Kallyope Inc., a New York City-based biotechnology company focused on identification of therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis. In this role she is responsible for translating biology arising from the company’s state-of the-art technology platform into drug discovery and development programs. She retired in November 2015 from Merck & Co., where she most recently held the position of Vice President – Lead Optimization Chemistry at Merck Research Laboratories (MRL), responsible for the discovery of innovative therapeutic agents across disease areas. She joined MRL as a Senior Research Chemist in 1987. Dr. Weber’s research interests include the design and synthesis of ligands for G-protein coupled receptors, ion channels and enzymes. Her work has led to over 40 development candidates, including JANUVIA® (sitagliptin), a treatment for patients with Type 2 diabetes (T2DM), JANUMET®, a fixed dose combination of sitagliptin and metformin, and MARIZEV® (omarigliptin), a once-weekly treatment for T2DM that was approved in Japan in September 2015.  An additional drug candidate, vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder, is in late stage clinical trials. Dr. Weber is the author or co-author of over 80 publications.  She is co-inventor on over 35 issued US patents. Her awards include the Robert M. Scarborough Award for Excellence in Medicinal Chemistry (American Chemistry Society (ACS)), the Heroes of Chemistry Award (ACS), the Discoverer’s Award (PhRMA), recognizing scientists whose work has been of special benefit to humankind, and a Directors’ Award, the highest honor that Merck confers on its employees. She is a 2013 Liberty Science Center Women in STEM Honoree and the recipient of the 2015 Gift of Mentoring Award from the Metro Women Chemists Committee. In 2016 she was named to the Medicinal Chemistry Hall of Fame (ACS). Before joining Merck, Dr. Weber obtained her B.S. degree in chemistry summa cum laude from the University of Notre Dame. She earned her Ph.D. degree from Harvard University, studying synthetic organic chemistry in the laboratories of Professor David A. Evans. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) Perkin Medal The annual award is recognized as the highest honor given for outstanding work in applied chemistry in the United States. It commemorates the discovery of the first synthetic dye (the so-called Perkin mauve) by Sir William Henry Perkin in 1856. This discovery was a significant step forward in organic chemistry that led to the birth of a major segment of the chemical industry. The SCI Perkin Medal was first awarded to Sir William at a banquet held by the SCI in New York in 1906. Since then, more than 100 such awards have been given to notable scientists. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) SCI America Group, launched in 1894, is part of the Society of Chemical Industry’s international organization. It provides a unique networking forum for chemical industry leaders, industrial scientists and technologists to exchange new business ideas and best practices. It celebrates achievement to promote public awareness of the contributions of industrial chemistry and inspire students to enter technical careers. SCI America events are managed by the Chemical Heritage Foundation (CHF). The Perkin Medal award dinner will be the final event of Innovation Day, a full day of research collaboration in the molecular sciences held at CHF on September 12, 2017. About the Chemical Heritage Foundation CHF fosters dialogue on science and technology in society. Our staff and fellows study the past in order to understand the present and inform the future. We focus on matter and materials and their effects on our modern world in territory ranging from the physical sciences and industries, through the chemical sciences and engineering, to the life sciences and technologies. We collect, preserve, and exhibit historical artifacts; engage communities of scientists and engineers; and tell the stories of the people behind breakthroughs and innovations. About Kallyope, Inc. Kallyope is a new biotechnology company headquartered in New York City. Founded by Richard Axel, Tom Maniatis, and Charles Zuker from Columbia University in November 2015, we are focused on the identification of new therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis.   Kallyope is creating an industry-leading platform employing cutting edge technologies, including single cell sequencing, bioinformatics, opto- and chemo-genetics, circuit mapping, and neural imaging, for the purpose of identifying and targeting gut-brain circuits involved in health and disease.  The Company is well funded, and has assembled an outstanding scientific team with deep expertise in core platform technologies, and a leadership team with a proven track record of success in drug discovery and translation.     The Company is headquartered in the Alexandria Center® for Life Sciences, a state-of-the-art, collaborative life science campus in the heart of Manhattan, with close proximity to New York City’s world-leading clinical and research institutions.   For more information, see www.kallyope.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kallyope-incs-ann-e-weber-phd-to-receive-prestigious-perkin-medal-300462664.html SOURCE SCI America Related Links http://www.sci-america.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Selling Power Features The Brooks Group on 2017 Top 20 Sales Training Companies List Next PostNext Pluralsight’s Chief People Officer Anita Grantham Named One of 30 Women to Watch by Utah Business Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kallyope Inc.’s Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., to Receive Prestigious Perkin Medal PHILADELPHIA, May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Society of Chemical Industry (SCI), America Group, announced today that Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., Senior Vice President for Drug Discovery at Kallyope, Inc., has won the 2017 SCI Perkin Medal. This honor recognizes her outstanding work in the field of medicinal chemistry, especially her work leading to the development of the drugs JANUVIA® and JANUMET® for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes. Weber will receive the medal at a dinner in her honor on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at the Hilton Penn’s Landing Hotel in Philadelphia. „Dr. Weber is an exceptional research scientist whose mastery of medicinal chemistry has impacted millions of lives,” said Christopher D. Pappas, President and CEO of Trinseo, and Chair of SCI America. „Her passion to improve the human condition, coupled with her strong leadership skills have had a profound influence on pharmaceutical innovation.” (PRNewsfoto/SCI America)… About Ann E. Weber Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., is Senior Vice President – Drug Discovery at Kallyope Inc., a New York City-based biotechnology company focused on identification of therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis. In this role she is responsible for translating biology arising from the company’s state-of the-art technology platform into drug discovery and development programs. She retired in November 2015 from Merck & Co., where she most recently held the position of Vice President – Lead Optimization Chemistry at Merck Research Laboratories (MRL), responsible for the discovery of innovative therapeutic agents across disease areas. She joined MRL as a Senior Research Chemist in 1987. Dr. Weber’s research interests include the design and synthesis of ligands for G-protein coupled receptors, ion channels and enzymes. Her work has led to over 40 development candidates, including JANUVIA® (sitagliptin), a treatment for patients with Type 2 diabetes (T2DM), JANUMET®, a fixed dose combination of sitagliptin and metformin, and MARIZEV® (omarigliptin), a once-weekly treatment for T2DM that was approved in Japan in September 2015.  An additional drug candidate, vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder, is in late stage clinical trials. Dr. Weber is the author or co-author of over 80 publications.  She is co-inventor on over 35 issued US patents. Her awards include the Robert M. Scarborough Award for Excellence in Medicinal Chemistry (American Chemistry Society (ACS)), the Heroes of Chemistry Award (ACS), the Discoverer’s Award (PhRMA), recognizing scientists whose work has been of special benefit to humankind, and a Directors’ Award, the highest honor that Merck confers on its employees. She is a 2013 Liberty Science Center Women in STEM Honoree and the recipient of the 2015 Gift of Mentoring Award from the Metro Women Chemists Committee. In 2016 she was named to the Medicinal Chemistry Hall of Fame (ACS). Before joining Merck, Dr. Weber obtained her B.S. degree in chemistry summa cum laude from the University of Notre Dame. She earned her Ph.D. degree from Harvard University, studying synthetic organic chemistry in the laboratories of Professor David A. Evans. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) Perkin Medal The annual award is recognized as the highest honor given for outstanding work in applied chemistry in the United States. It commemorates the discovery of the first synthetic dye (the so-called Perkin mauve) by Sir William Henry Perkin in 1856. This discovery was a significant step forward in organic chemistry that led to the birth of a major segment of the chemical industry. The SCI Perkin Medal was first awarded to Sir William at a banquet held by the SCI in New York in 1906. Since then, more than 100 such awards have been given to notable scientists. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) SCI America Group, launched in 1894, is part of the Society of Chemical Industry’s international organization. It provides a unique networking forum for chemical industry leaders, industrial scientists and technologists to exchange new business ideas and best practices. It celebrates achievement to promote public awareness of the contributions of industrial chemistry and inspire students to enter technical careers. SCI America events are managed by the Chemical Heritage Foundation (CHF). The Perkin Medal award dinner will be the final event of Innovation Day, a full day of research collaboration in the molecular sciences held at CHF on September 12, 2017. About the Chemical Heritage Foundation CHF fosters dialogue on science and technology in society. Our staff and fellows study the past in order to understand the present and inform the future. We focus on matter and materials and their effects on our modern world in territory ranging from the physical sciences and industries, through the chemical sciences and engineering, to the life sciences and technologies. We collect, preserve, and exhibit historical artifacts; engage communities of scientists and engineers; and tell the stories of the people behind breakthroughs and innovations. About Kallyope, Inc. Kallyope is a new biotechnology company headquartered in New York City. Founded by Richard Axel, Tom Maniatis, and Charles Zuker from Columbia University in November 2015, we are focused on the identification of new therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis.   Kallyope is creating an industry-leading platform employing cutting edge technologies, including single cell sequencing, bioinformatics, opto- and chemo-genetics, circuit mapping, and neural imaging, for the purpose of identifying and targeting gut-brain circuits involved in health and disease.  The Company is well funded, and has assembled an outstanding scientific team with deep expertise in core platform technologies, and a leadership team with a proven track record of success in drug discovery and translation.     The Company is headquartered in the Alexandria Center® for Life Sciences, a state-of-the-art, collaborative life science campus in the heart of Manhattan, with close proximity to New York City’s world-leading clinical and research institutions.   For more information, see www.kallyope.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kallyope-incs-ann-e-weber-phd-to-receive-prestigious-perkin-medal-300462664.html SOURCE SCI America Related Links http://www.sci-america.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Selling Power Features The Brooks Group on 2017 Top 20 Sales Training Companies List Next PostNext Pluralsight’s Chief People Officer Anita Grantham Named One of 30 Women to Watch by Utah Business Search Recent Posts Carbon Dioxide Laser Therapeutic Devices Sales Industry 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Emulsifying Silicon Oil Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Report Up To 2022 Global Tax Network Recognized Again for Innovative and Effective Workplace Practices Listing of bond loan issued by KINNEVIK AB on STO Corporate Bonds (370/17) Higher Alcohol 2017 Global Market Key Players – Shell Global, Hand Hygiene – Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kallyope Inc.’s Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., to Receive Prestigious Perkin Medal Internationally Recognized Medicinal Chemist to be honored by The Society of Chemical Industry PHILADELPHIA, May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Society of Chemical Industry (SCI), America Group, announced today that Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., Senior Vice President for Drug Discovery at Kallyope, Inc., has won the 2017 SCI Perkin Medal. This honor recognizes her outstanding work in the field of medicinal chemistry, especially her work leading to the development of the drugs JANUVIA® and JANUMET® for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes. Weber will receive the medal at a dinner in her honor on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, at the Hilton Penn's Landing Hotel in Philadelphia. "Dr. Weber is an exceptional research scientist whose mastery of medicinal chemistry has impacted millions of lives," said Christopher D. Pappas, President and CEO of Trinseo, and Chair of SCI America. "Her passion to improve the human condition, coupled with her strong leadership skills have had a profound influence on pharmaceutical innovation." About Ann E. Weber Ann E. Weber, Ph.D., is Senior Vice President – Drug Discovery at Kallyope Inc., a New York City-based biotechnology company focused on identification of therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis. In this role she is responsible for translating biology arising from the company's state-of the-art technology platform into drug discovery and development programs. She retired in November 2015 from Merck & Co., where she most recently held the position of Vice President – Lead Optimization Chemistry at Merck Research Laboratories (MRL), responsible for the discovery of innovative therapeutic agents across disease areas. She joined MRL as a Senior Research Chemist in 1987. Dr. Weber's research interests include the design and synthesis of ligands for G-protein coupled receptors, ion channels and enzymes. Her work has led to over 40 development candidates, including JANUVIA® (sitagliptin), a treatment for patients with Type 2 diabetes (T2DM), JANUMET®, a fixed dose combination of sitagliptin and metformin, and MARIZEV® (omarigliptin), a once-weekly treatment for T2DM that was approved in Japan in September 2015.  An additional drug candidate, vibegron for the treatment of overactive bladder, is in late stage clinical trials. Dr. Weber is the author or co-author of over 80 publications.  She is co-inventor on over 35 issued US patents. Her awards include the Robert M. Scarborough Award for Excellence in Medicinal Chemistry (American Chemistry Society (ACS)), the Heroes of Chemistry Award (ACS), the Discoverer's Award (PhRMA), recognizing scientists whose work has been of special benefit to humankind, and a Directors' Award, the highest honor that Merck confers on its employees. She is a 2013 Liberty Science Center Women in STEM Honoree and the recipient of the 2015 Gift of Mentoring Award from the Metro Women Chemists Committee. In 2016 she was named to the Medicinal Chemistry Hall of Fame (ACS). Before joining Merck, Dr. Weber obtained her B.S. degree in chemistry summa cum laude from the University of Notre Dame. She earned her Ph.D. degree from Harvard University, studying synthetic organic chemistry in the laboratories of Professor David A. Evans. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) Perkin Medal The annual award is recognized as the highest honor given for outstanding work in applied chemistry in the United States. It commemorates the discovery of the first synthetic dye (the so-called Perkin mauve) by Sir William Henry Perkin in 1856. This discovery was a significant step forward in organic chemistry that led to the birth of a major segment of the chemical industry. The SCI Perkin Medal was first awarded to Sir William at a banquet held by the SCI in New York in 1906. Since then, more than 100 such awards have been given to notable scientists. About the Society of Chemical Industry (SCI) SCI America Group, launched in 1894, is part of the Society of Chemical Industry's international organization. It provides a unique networking forum for chemical industry leaders, industrial scientists and technologists to exchange new business ideas and best practices. It celebrates achievement to promote public awareness of the contributions of industrial chemistry and inspire students to enter technical careers. SCI America events are managed by the Chemical Heritage Foundation (CHF). The Perkin Medal award dinner will be the final event of Innovation Day, a full day of research collaboration in the molecular sciences held at CHF on September 12, 2017. About the Chemical Heritage Foundation CHF fosters dialogue on science and technology in society. Our staff and fellows study the past in order to understand the present and inform the future. We focus on matter and materials and their effects on our modern world in territory ranging from the physical sciences and industries, through the chemical sciences and engineering, to the life sciences and technologies. We collect, preserve, and exhibit historical artifacts; engage communities of scientists and engineers; and tell the stories of the people behind breakthroughs and innovations. About Kallyope, Inc. Kallyope is a new biotechnology company headquartered in New York City. Founded by Richard Axel, Tom Maniatis, and Charles Zuker from Columbia University in November 2015, we are focused on the identification of new therapeutic opportunities involving the gut-brain axis.   Kallyope is creating an industry-leading platform employing cutting edge technologies, including single cell sequencing, bioinformatics, opto- and chemo-genetics, circuit mapping, and neural imaging, for the purpose of identifying and targeting gut-brain circuits involved in health and disease.  The Company is well funded, and has assembled an outstanding scientific team with deep expertise in core platform technologies, and a leadership team with a proven track record of success in drug discovery and translation.     The Company is headquartered in the Alexandria Center® for Life Sciences, a state-of-the-art, collaborative life science campus in the heart of Manhattan, with close proximity to New York City's world-leading clinical and research institutions.   For more information, see www.kallyope.com.   SOURCE SCI America CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Biotechnology, Chemical, Health Care/Hospitals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brown-Forman’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Release and Conference Call Scheduled for June 7, 2017 Next PostNext Prevention by Prediction: How AI Spots Early Warnings of Disease Search Recent Posts Tethys Petroleum Press Release: Requisition of Extraordinary General Meeting Chartwell Retirement Residences Announces the Election of Directors and Other Voting Results Liberty Tax Names Former SpartanNash Executive as Chief Operating Officer GameStop Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Financial Institutions, Inc. Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Merck enters exclusive worldwide license agreement with Teijin Pharm... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu May 25, 2017 | 8:10am EDT BRIEF-Merck enters exclusive worldwide license agreement with Teijin Pharma May 25 Merck & Co Inc: * Merck enters exclusive worldwide license agreement with Teijin Pharma for investigational antibody candidate targeting TAU * Merck & Co Inc - under terms of agreement Merck will have exclusive world-wide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize anti-TAU antibody. * Says Teijin Pharma will receive royalties on product sales and retains an option to co-promote an approved product in Japan * Merck & Co Inc - will make an upfront payment to Teijin Pharma who is also eligible to receive development, regulatory and sales milestone payments * Merck & Co Inc - Merck will make an upfront payment to Teijin Pharma who is eligible to receive development, regulatory and sales milestone payments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 2-China's reforms not enough to arrest mounting debt - Moody's * China facing dilemma of deleveraging without hurting growth Nikkei slips as yen gains, but still manages weekly rise TOKYO, May 26 Japan's Nikkei share average extended losses as the yen's gains against the dollar accelerated on Friday, though the benchmark index still managed to cap off a winning week. METALS-London copper near highest in three weeks on supply worries (Adds comment, detail; updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, May 26 London Metal Exchange copper hovered near its highest in three weeks on Friday, supported by supply concerns after news of further disruption at Indonesia's Grasberg, one of world's biggest copper mines. Freeport McMoRan Inc said on Thursday that mining and milling rates at its Grasberg mine in Papua, Indonesia have been affected by an extended strike, and a "large number" of about 4,000 absentee MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Survivors of Manchester attack Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Toronto LIVE Toronto More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Toronto 'We can't do it alone': Indigenous maternal health program aims to address inequality of health care Researchers receive $2.6M grant to improve Indigenous maternal and child health By Julia Whalen, CBC News Posted: May 25, 2017 5:00 AM ET Last Updated: May 25, 2017 1:22 PM ET A new maternal health-care project in Toronto aims to enhance the care of Indigenous families by taking a culturally sensitive approach. (Ian Waldie/Getty Images) Related Stories More Indigenous nurses needed to change health-care system, practitioners say Partnership aims to honour Indigenous cultural traditions at Windsor hospitals Meet Canada's 1st female Indigenous surgeon Racism in health care is 'a real thing,' says Indigenous physician First Nations leaders cite deplorable health conditions, urge action First Nations adults more than twice as likely to die from avoidable causes: StatsCan New training program aims to improve First Nations health 'Unconscious, pro-white bias' a major factor in poor aboriginal health care Researchers in Toronto have received a $2.6 million grant to bolster Indigenous maternal and child health programs in an effort to close the gaps in health care that exist between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal families. The project, which officially launches Thursday, is called "Kind Faces Sharing Places: An Action Research Project for Indigenous Families During and After Pregnancy and Birth." It aims to bring better health care to First Nations populations, some of which have infant mortality rates up to four times the national average. "It's actually quite striking and — I find — unacceptable here in Canada," said Dr. Janet Smylie, one of the program's partners. "A lot of Canadians are actually surprised to find out [that statistic]." Racism against aboriginal people in health-care system 'pervasive': study Partnership aims to honour Indigenous cultural traditions at Windsor hospitals Smylie is the director of the Well Living House at St. Michael's Hospital, a research centre for Indigenous infants, children and families. It's one of several partners working together on the program, which is being funded through Merck Canada's Merck for Mothers program. Dr. Janet Smylie is the director of the Well Living House at St. Michael's Hospital, a partner in the new health-care program. (CBC) "We believe [the partners] have designed a really unique project," Dr. Mary-Ann Etiebet, executive director of the Merck for Mothers program, told CBC Toronto.  "It's Indigenous-led, it has community and women's voices at the heart of it, it is a multi-disciplinary, multi-sectoral approach to deal with all the upstream drivers that eventually lead to poor maternal and infant health outcomes." A 2015 study produced by Toronto's Wellesley Institute suggested racism against aboriginal people in the health-care system is "pervasive," and a major factor in substandard health among native people in Canada. The study, called First Peoples, Second Class Treatment, points to well-documented disparities in Indigenous and non-Indigenous health. "Kind Faces Sharing Places" aims to enhance the health-care of Indigenous families by taking a culturally sensitive approach. "For many Indigenous communities, the issue is around accessibility — or accessing culturally secure and safe care," Etiebet said. LISTEN: First Nations, Second-Class Care She said several factors can affect a woman's ability to gain access to good maternal care, including a lack of housing, access to transportation, or mental health issues. For that reason, the program is creating a so-called "spiderweb of support" with partners like the University of Toronto's Waakebiness-Bryce Institute for Indigenous Health, Seventh Generation Midwives Toronto and Nishnawbe Homes. "What we do know as Indigenous people is we have a lot of strengths and resilience in our families," Dr. Smylie told CBC Toronto. Dr. Mary-Ann Etiebet is executive director of the Merck for Mothers program, which is funding the $2.6 million grant. (Submitted) The program will recruit 100 mothers and their families to take part in a three-year study where they will receive care from a team led by Indigenous midwife Sara Wolfe. Participants will be connected with mental health-care providers, social service agencies, housing transition support, as well as traditional counseling and healing. Treatment for addictions will also be offered, if needed. "Culturally-appropriate care for Indigenous people recognizes the different issues and challenges they face in the community," Wolfe said. "[It's] not just clinical needs met, but also looks at their mental, emotional, spiritual needs, what are their needs in terms of the determinants of health — housing, poverty, education, food security — what are their needs for their families going forward and how to incorporate all of those things into care that makes them feel strong and respected and heard." "Our individual community members have incredible capacity to achieve things when they're just given a little bit of support." The program will evaluate its results each year, including how many children were removed from their families by child protection agencies. Midwife Sara Wolfe will lead the project's care team. (Seventh Generation Midwives Toronto) Etiebet said the fear of having one's child taken away is one of the main reasons why Indigenous mothers don't seek help. "The work [the partners] will be doing with pregnant women will be to create those social supports and networks to address some of those factors that put them and their families at risk for child apprehension." Wolfe said the most important part of the project is its team-based approach. "What we realize is that we can't do it alone. We can't do it in isolation," she said. "We need a whole network of people around us and systems to be coordinated." "When we work together, we stand strong together." Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Burlington Fort Erie Halton Hills Hamilton Niagara Falls Oakville Port Colborne St. Catharines Vineland Welland Friday Chance of showers 19°C Saturday A mix of sun and cloud 20°C Sunday Chance of showers 21°C Monday Chance of showers 23°C Tuesday Chance of showers 19°C More Weather Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Toronto News Headlines Security guard suspended after he's caught on video throwing shoes at a homeless man video This woman found her stolen car, but police took hours to respond — and it vanished Colossal fire at Toronto recycling plant could take days to put out All ice rescue courses should be put on hold after 2 deaths, jury says video Despite sharp criticism, Toronto aiming for budget freeze in 2018 read comments Top News Headlines More than a million restricted, prohibited guns in Canada read comments Jared Kushner under FBI scrutiny in Russia probe: U.S. media reports Heartbreak for Senators as Penguins win in 2OT to advance to Stanley Cup read comments video Vancouver Island introduces controversial motion to encourage girls to play girls hockey read comments Woman finds her stolen car — but loses it again after police take hours to respond Most Viewed Woman finds her stolen car — but loses it again after police take hours to respond Security guard suspended after he's caught on video throwing shoes at a homeless man Toronto Lexus stolen and returned... twice Toronto Uber driver charged with kidnapping 18-year-old passenger Massive fire at Toronto recycling plant finally under control Man faces over 100 charges in GTA vehicle theft investigation Video captures point-blank shooting of Hamilton father Leonard Pinnock Put all ice rescue courses on hold, jury says Alleged thief caught on camera targeting East York homes With a wave of seniors coming, why many are choosing to 'age in place' in Toronto condos Don't Miss Security guard suspended after he's caught on video throwing shoes at a homeless man Woman finds her stolen car — but loses it again after police take hours to respond Massive fire at Toronto recycling plant finally under control Put all ice rescue courses on hold, jury says Toronto will try to freeze its budget in 2018 Lake Shore Boulevard, other key streets threatened by floodwater New trial ordered in sex assault case after Ontario judge refuses to explain her verdict City councillor supports safety review of cycling path where boy, 5, was struck and killed Video captures point-blank shooting of Hamilton father Leonard Pinnock vertical city With a wave of seniors coming, why many are choosing to 'age in place' in Toronto condos Refugees 'in the crosshairs' as Legal Aid Ontario battles for government funding, advocates warn These images capture the scale of the massive blaze that tore through a Toronto recycling plant 'We can't do it alone': Indigenous maternal health program aims to address inequality of health care vertical city Toronto wants condos to have stroller storage, movable walls and shadow-free playgrounds 35-storey tower next to John Fisher school looks set to move forward Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending Investigation on Aspen’s pricing AZ’s lung cancer trial Biogen pays $120m for Cirara CGRP drug development J&J appoints Actelion head MSD probed by UK for blocking Remicade biosimilars Pharma giant’s discount scheme for infliximab labelled ‘anti-competitive’ The UK government says Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD) broke competition laws by lowering the price of its Remicade drug as biosimilar rivals came to market. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) issued a ‘statement of objections’ against the pharma company - known as Merck & Co in North America - saying that the discount scheme for Remicade (infliximab) was anti-competitive and may have broken UK law. The CMA says the findings of its investigation, which dates back to the end of 2015 are provisional and "no conclusion should be drawn that there has in fact been any breach of competition law", but had decided to make the statement after three rounds of information gathering and reviews in June and November 2016, and March this year. The agency does say that it proposes to find MSD and parent company Merck & Co "jointly and severally liable" for the alleged infringement. In a statement MSD said it was cooperating with the investigation but is "confident that the proceedings will show that MSD has complied with competition law at all times". Remicade - a TNF inhibitor used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, ankylosing spondylitis and arthritis psoriasis - has been a massive earner for Merck and marketing partner Johnson & Johnson (J&J), which sells it in markets outside Europe. Global sales reached $8.5bn in 2014 before the onset of biosimilar competition from Hospira (Pfizer) and Celltrion, with Merck recording $2.4bn of that total. By the end of the following year Merck's sales had declined to $1.8bn, and have continued to slide reaching a little under $1.3bn last year. MSD insists that the discounts in question meant that infliximab "was competitively priced and offered savings to the UK National Health Service without hindering competition", while declining to comment further. The action is the latest in a series launched by the CMA into the pharma industry. Last year it fined Pfizer £84m for conspiring with Flynn Pharma to raise the price of epilepsy drug phenytoin, and has since launched an investigation into the pricing of Actavis' hydrocortisone tablets. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 25th May 2017 From: Sales Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Merck says Afferent’s chronic cough drug clears mid-stage trial Keytruda is first FDA-approved drug for molecular indication MSD appoints new UK head MSD launches preventative healthcare accelerator Merck takes on Roche with first-line bladder OK for Keytruda PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Pharmaceutical Associate Director, PR £85, 000 - £100, 000 generous package FREELANCE ACCOUNT DIRECTOR - MED ED OR HEALTHCARE PR - LONDON - ... SUPERB DAY RATE AVAILABLE Account Director, Healthcare Communications £50, 000 - £60, 000 Account Director, Digital Healthcare Communications Agency £45, 000 – £55, 000 benefits Senior Project Executive, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Communic... up to £32.5K Senior Medical Writer – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Senior Account Manager/ Account Director, Medical Communications... Excellent package Senior Scientific Communicator, Healthcare Advertising/ Brand Co... up to £60K Associate Project Manager – Editorial – Med Comms Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Scientific Dire... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits Account Director, Medical Communications £60, 000 – £65, 000 benefits Editorial Teal Leader, Medical Communications, London Excellent package ENTRY LEVEL - Associate Medical Writer / Junior Medical Writer -... DOE Programme Director - Healthcare PR - London Salary TBC Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Director, Scientific Services £80 – 90, 000 benefits Global Account Supervisor Negotiable Associate Director, Healthcare PR, London Competitive Salary Senior Medical Writer Great salary and benefits Senior Project Manager, Creative Marketing, London up to £55K up to £55K Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Novartis' Swiss head of operations reveals job cuts Payback time nears as Sanofi gets CHMP backing for biosimilar Humalog Otsuka refiles 'digital' medicine for mental illness Sanofi/Regeneron's Sarilumab cleared by FDA on second attempt Keytruda is first FDA-approved drug for molecular indication MSD probed by UK for blocking Remicade biosimilars Germany’s pharma market set for stable growth The false economy of following the leader PEGASUS UNVEILS NEW BRAND IDENTITY AS IT CELEBRATES A YEAR AS PART OF ASHFIELD Recordati acquires AstraZeneca blood pressure brands MSD probed by UK for blocking Remicade biosimilars How personalising multichannel improves customer experience PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services SEVEN STONES Seven Stones is a creative, independent healthcare communications agency of movers and thinkers. We've been doing health differently since 1991.... Latest intelligence The false economy of following the leader How can companies in the sector shake things up?... How personalising multichannel improves customer experience You’ve started your multichannel journey, and your customer-facing staff are connecting healthcare professionals to new channels. Great! Providing content in other channels extends customer relationships. Now, with HCP access at... How can pharma engage with Accountable Care Systems? Sue Thomas and Paul Midgley, of Wilmington Healthcare, explain how pharma can add value across care pathways... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Health Care Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine UnitedHealth and Merck strike a deal to explore linking payments to drug performance Bertha Coombs | @BerthaCoombs 13 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Steve Cole | E+ | Getty Images UnitedHealth Group's Optum unit has signed a multiyear agreement with Merck to develop a better way to reimburse drugmakers based on how well their drugs improve a patient's health. "The aim is to identify opportunities where we can align value and payment," on high-cost treatments, said Curt Medeiros, president of Optum Life Sciences. "There's a lot of focus on high-cost specialty areas like oncology, but also in chronic conditions that affect a broad set of the population like diabetes." UnitedHealth and other insurers have been pushing hospitals and doctors toward new value-based reimbursement contracts for more than five years. In the last 18 months, the health insurance industry has begun to focus more on new payment deals with drugmakers to enter outcomes-based risk sharing agreements, or OBRSAs. Medicare plan provider Humana has more than a dozen agreements with pharmaceutical companies covering nearly two dozen drugs. Aetna announced a deal with Merck earlier this year. Cigna, Humana and others have deals in place with Swiss drugmaker Novartis for its high-cost heart drug Entresto. UnitedHealth is targeting signing another five to 10 outcomes-based deals this year. "The level of interest in our pharma and our biotech clients has increased significantly, so the amount of opportunities out there has really grown," said Medeiros. "Cost pressure ... is probably the largest driver." While the future of federal funding for health programs like Medicaid remains up for debate in Congress, one thing is clear — the health industry is going to come under greater pressure to lower costs. And rising specialty-drug prices have put pharmaceutical companies in the crosshairs of private payers and the government. President Donald Trump has said he would like to see federal programs such as Medicare have the ability to negotiate lower drug prices. It is an issue that has seen some bipartisan support. For the pharmaceutical industry, OBRSAs could be a way to get out in front of potential drug-price controls. "The collaboration between Merck and Optum will help advance both organizations' common goals of improving patient health outcomes, expanding access to innovative therapies, and ensuring the best use of health care spending," said Susan Shiff, senior vice president at Merck, in the companies' announcement. The actual returns on the program could still be years away, but UnitedHealth and Merck say they will share their data publicly with others in the industry to develop better payment models. "The ability to drive down the cost — ultimately to the consumer — is the long-term objective," said Medeiros. "How much, at this time, we don't know." Bertha CoombsCNBC Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CI --- AET --- HUM --- MRK --- UNH ---
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials Watch Science Connect Events Laboratory Design Conference RD 100 Conference Search Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Guides Companies Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels R&D LDN SC Advertisement Advertisement Disease Research Eli Lilly to Present Results from Pivotal Breast Cancer Study of Abemaciclib at ASCO 2017 Thu, 05/25/2017 - 1:40pm Comments by Eli Lilly and Company announced that new research demonstrating advances in the Company's oncology pipeline and product portfolio will be presented at the 53rd Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) in Chicago, June 2-6, 2017. Data underscore a strategic focus on targeting the biology of cancer to find new ways to fight cancer and transform care for patients. Highlights include oral presentation of Phase 3 data for abemaciclib, an investigational cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK)4 & 6 inhibitor for breast cancer, as well as new data from the Company's ongoing immuno-oncology clinical collaborations with Merck (known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada) in two trials that are evaluating pemetrexed-plus-carboplatin and ramucirumab, respectively, in combination with Merck's pembrolizumab. "We are pleased to share how we are building foundational therapeutics with the goal of delivering medicines that help people with cancer live longer and healthier lives," said Levi Garraway, M.D., Ph.D., senior vice president, global development and medical affairs, Lilly Oncology. "We are particularly excited about the latest results from the abemaciclib MONARCH clinical development program, in which we have endeavored to raise the bar with a potential next-generation CDK4 & 6 inhibitor that we believe may improve outcomes for patients living with breast cancer." "With abemaciclib we hoped to develop an oral CDK4 & 6 inhibitor that could be taken without interruption. In preclinical research, continued disruption was shown to stop tumor cells from entering the cell cycle, which prevents tumor cell growth and, ultimately, promotes tumor cell death that may translate into clinical benefit for breast cancer patients," said Alfonso de Dios, senior research fellow, discovery chemistry research & technologies, Lilly. Abemaciclib Data at ASCO Detailed data from the Phase 3 MONARCH 2 study, which evaluated abemaciclib in combination with fulvestrant in women with hormone-receptor-positive (HR+), human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (HER2-) advanced breast cancer, will be presented in an oral presentation. The intent-to-treat population of 669 patients in MONARCH 2 had experienced disease progression on or within 12 months of receiving endocrine treatment in the neoadjuvant or adjuvant setting or while receiving first-line endocrine therapy for metastatic disease. Additionally, abemaciclib has been shown in preclinical and Phase 1 studies to cross the blood-brain barrier, making this an area of interest for further study. This year's meeting will allow Lilly to share preliminary Phase 2 data evaluating a CDK4 & 6 inhibitor in patients with new or progressive brain metastases secondary to advanced breast cancer, lung cancer or melanoma. Select studies, along with the times and locations of their data sessions, are highlighted below. Abemaciclib Abstract #1000: Oral Presentation: Breast Cancer—Metastatic: Saturday, June 3, 2017; 1:15-4:15 p.m. CDT MONARCH 2: Abemaciclib in combination with fulvestrant in patients with HR+/HER2- advanced breast cancer who progressed on endocrine therapy Author/Speaker: George W. Sledge, M.D., F.A.S.C.O., Stanford University School of Medicine Location: Hall D1 Abstract #1019: Breast Cancer—Metastatic: Sunday, June 4, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT Abemaciclib for the treatment of brain metastases (BM) secondary to hormone-receptor-positive (HR+), HER2- breast cancer Author/Speaker: Sara M. Tolaney, M.D., M.P.H., Dana-Farber Cancer Institute Location: Hall A (Poster Board #11) Poster Discussion Session: Sunday, June 4, 2017; 4:45-6:00 p.m. CDT, Hall B1 Abstract #TPS1109: Breast Cancer—Metastatic: Sunday, June 4, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT A Phase 2 randomized study to compare abemaciclib plus trastuzumab with or without fulvestrant to standard of care chemotherapy plus trastuzumab in hormone-receptor-positive, HER2-positive, advanced breast cancer (monarcHER) Author/Speaker: Sara M. Tolaney, M.D., M.P.H., Dana-Farber Cancer Institute Location: Hall A (Poster Board #99b) Abstract #TPS4150: Gastrointestinal (Noncolorectal) Cancer: Saturday, June 3, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT A Phase 2 study of abemaciclib as a monotherapy and in combination with other agents in patients with previously treated metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) Author/Speaker: E. Gabriela Chiorean, M.D., Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center Location: Hall A (Poster Board #132b) Fruquintinib Abstract #3508: Oral Presentation: Gastrointestinal (Colorectal) Cancer: Monday, June 5, 2017; 3:00-6:00 p.m. CDT A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-centered Phase 3 trial comparing fruquintinib versus placebo plus best supportive care in Chinese patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (FRESCO) Author/Speaker: Jin Li, M.D., Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center, Shanghai Medical College Location: Hall D2 Immuno-Oncology Collaborations with pemetrexed-plus-carboplatin or ramucirumab Abstract #9094: Lung Cancer—Non-Small Cell Metastatic: Saturday, June 3, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT First-line carboplatin and pemetrexed (CP) with or without pembrolizumab (pembro) for advanced nonsquamous NSCLC: Updated results of KEYNOTE-021 cohort G Author/Speaker: Vassiliki Papadimitrakopoulou, M.D., The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center Location: Hall A (Poster Board #420) Abstract #4046: Gastrointestinal (Noncolorectal) Cancer: Saturday, June 3, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT Ramucirumab (R) plus pembrolizumab (P) in treatment naive and previously treated advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction (G/GEJ) adenocarcinoma: A multi-disease Phase 1 study Author/Speaker: Ian Chau, M.D., F.R.C.P, Royal Marsden Hospital Location: Hall A (Poster Board #38) Olaratumab Abstract #TPS2599: Developmental Therapeutics—Clinical Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics: Monday, June 5, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT A Phase 1, open-label, dose-escalation study of olaratumab as a single agent and in combination with doxorubicin, vincristine/irinotecan, or high-dose ifosfamide in pediatric patients with relapsed or refractory solid tumors Author/Speaker: Leo Mascarenhas, M.B.B.S., M.D., M.S., Children's Center for Cancer and Blood Diseases, Children's Hospital Los Angeles, University of Southern California Location: Hall A (Poster Board #89b) Emibetuzumab Abstract #9019: Lung Cancer—Non-Small Cell Metastatic: Saturday, June 3, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT A randomized, controlled, open-label Phase 2 study of erlotinib (E) with or without the MET antibody emibetuzumab (Emi) as first-line treatment for EFGRmt non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients who have disease control after an eight-week lead-in treatment with erlotinib Author/Speaker: Giorgio V. Scagliotti, M.D., Ph.D., Department of Oncology - University of Torino Location: Hall A (Poster Board #345) Poster Discussion Session: Saturday, June 3, 2017; 3:00-4:15 p.m. CDT, Hall D2 Galunisertib Abstract #4097: Gastrointestinal (Noncolorectal) Cancer: Saturday, June 3, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT A Phase 2 study of galunisertib (TGF-B R1 inhibitor) and sorafenib in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) Author/Speaker: Robin Kate Kelley, M.D., University of California, San Francisco Location: Hall A (Poster Board #89) LY3023414 Abstract #1064: Breast Cancer—Metastatic: Sunday, June 4, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT Safety and tolerability of the dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor LY3023414 in combination with fulvestrant in treatment refractory advanced breast cancer patients Author/Speaker: Anna M. Varghese, M.D., Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center Location: Hall A (Poster Board #56) LY3009120 Abstract #2507: Oral Presentation: Developmental Therapeutics—Clinical Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics: Saturday, June 3, 2017; 1:15-4:15 p.m. CDT A first-in-human dose Phase 1 study of LY3009120 in advanced cancer patients Author/Speaker: David S. Hong, M.D., The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center Location: E450ab LY3022855 Abstract #2523: Developmental Therapeutics—Clinical Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics: Monday, June 5, 2017; 8:00-11:30 a.m. CDT A Phase 1 study of LY3022855, a colony-stimulating factor-1 receptor (CSF-1R) inhibitor, in patients (pts) with advanced solid tumors Author/Speaker: Afshin Dowlati, M.D., University Hospitals Seidman Cancer Center, Case Comprehensive Cancer Center, Case Western Reserve University Location: Hall A (Poster Board #15) LY3039478 Abstract #6024: Head and Neck Cancer: Monday, June 5, 2017; 1:15-4:45 p.m. CDT Notch pathway inhibition with LY3039478 in adenoid cystic carcinoma (ACC) Author/Speaker: Caroline Even, Institut Gustave Roussy Location: Hall A (Poster Board #12) Poster Discussion Session: Monday, June 5, 2017; 4:45-6:00 p.m. CDT, S406 Related Reads Eli Lilly Announces Phase 3 Monarch 2 Breast Cancer Study Met Primary Endpoint AbbVie to Present Hematology, Solid Tumor Research at ASCO 2017 Combo Therapy Shows Promise in Treatment Resistant HER2+ Colorectal Cancer Patients Study Shows Nanoparticles Could Overcome Treatment Resistant Breast Cancer Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Drug Discovery & Development Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Latin America Veterinary Vaccines Market is Poised to Reach $726.87 Million by 2020 from $5306 Million in 2015 at a CAGR of 6.2%. Description: The Latin America animal vaccines market is poised to reach $726.87 Million by 2020 from $5306 Million in 2015, at a CAGR of 6.2%. The veterinary vaccines market has seen significant growth over the past few years, due to fear of imminent epidemics that have led to substantial losses particularly in poultry segment. Especially in Latin America, where the zoonotic epidemics are prevalent the market has been witnessing a substantial boost. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/296711 . Veterinary vaccine market has received a significant boost in the past decade which can be accredited to increasing husbandry practices and better management of farms. Agriculture is a major practice in Latin America accounting for 11% of world food production. The cattle and other animals related with this are duly vaccinated which is the prime reason for market growth in this region. Also the Latin America veterinary vaccines market has shown considerable progress during the past few years with the growing pet healthcare conditions. Now, majority of countries provide insurance for pet vaccinations which resulted in a growth in canine and feline vaccinations segment. Growing prevalence of animal diseases, rising incidences of zoonotic diseases in humans are common in this region since majority if this lies in the tropical region of Amazon basin. Increasing investments by leading players, like Merck Animal Health acquiring Vallée which is prominent in Brazil, Paraguay, Venezuela opens doors for their products into untapped regions. However, rising maintenance costs for the storage of vaccines, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet in major economies owing to increasing risk of obesity and other chronic diseases are key restraints of this market. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/latin-america-veterinary-vaccines-market-by-type-technology-and-by-region-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecasts-2016-2021 . The Latin America veterinary vaccines market has been categorized as livestock animals and companion animals’ vaccines. The livestock vaccines segment has been further segmented into five categories namely, bovine, porcine, ovine, poultry and equine. The bovine vaccines sub-segment accounted for the largest share (in terms of revenue), followed by porcine. The companion animal vaccines segment has also been further categorized into feline and canine vaccines. Similarly, the canine vaccines segment accounted for a slightly larger share (in terms of revenue) than the feline vaccines segment, due to higher average cost allied with canine vaccination. In addition, based on production technologies the market is segmented as live attenuated vaccines, inactivated vaccines, recombinant vaccines, toxoid vaccines, subunit vaccines, DNA vaccines and conjugate vaccines. Furthermore, based on geography the Latin America market is analysed under various regions namely, Brazil, Argentina and Mexico. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/296711 . Some of the key players influencing the market are Bayer HealthCare AG, Bioniche Animal Health Canada, Sanofi Animal Health, Inc., Biogenesis Bago SA, Heska Corporation, Indian Immunologicals Ltd., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Zoetis, Novartis Animal Heath, Inc., Merck & Co. Inc, and Protein Sciences. Market Leaders’ Analysis 1 Bayer Healthcare AG 1.1 Overview 1.2 Product Analysis 1.3 Strategic Evaluation and Operations 1.4 Financial analysis 1.5 Legal issues 1.6 Recent Developments 1.7 SWOT analysis 1.8 Analyst View 2 Bioniche Animal Health Canada 3 Sanofi Animal Health Inc. 4 Biogenesis Bago SA 5 Heska Corporation 6 Indian Immunologicals Ltd. 7 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 8 Novartis Animal Health, Inc. 9 Merck & Co. Inc. 10 Protein Sciences For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bulk Terminals Market will Reach 3.2% CAGR through 2026 Next PostNext 2017 Global Smart Coffee Machines Market Trend and Forecast to 2022 Insights shared in Detailed Report Search Recent Posts Product Safety Recall – 4 Burner Hooded Black BBQ The Most Awarded Property Management for Ann Arbor Apartments, Appreciated For Customer Centric Approach Modernization, Replacement Programs Constitute Nuclear Deterrence Priority KaBeiLu Offers Limited-Time Mega Discount on Premium Brazilian Hair Hilton inaugura o primeiro Tru by Hilton – sua 5.000a propriedade Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dental Carpule Market is Growing Moderately and is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.9% from 2016 to 2023 Global Dental Carpule Information, by material (glass, plastic, metal and others), by end users (Hospitals, Dental Clinics, Home care) – Forecast to 2023 PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 25, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Carpule is a type of ampule or cartridge containing liquid medicine to be inserted using a syringe. It has a puncturable cap and one end and a sliding plug on the other end. In dental profession, dental cartridges are known as carpules. The dental carpules are mainly used in medical environment like Dental clinics, Hospitals, home care, etc. These dental carpules contain various solutions like Local anesthetic drug, Sodium chloride, sterile water, Vasopressor, Sodium bisulfite, Methylparaben and many others. The carpules can hold up to 2.2 ml of solution and can be increased depending upon the requirement. The dental carpules ensures efficiency by reducing the risk of air entrapment, thus safe and clean application. These are either made of glass or plastics. Recently, most of the local anesthesia manufacturers have started manufacturing plastic cartridges. They have a number of disadvantages over glass cartridges such as force required to be applied to the plunger of the syringe, leakage of solution during injection and the plunger does do glide down the plastic cartridge as it does in the glass cartridge. The Global Dental Carpule Market has been evaluated as moderately growing market and it is expected that the market will continue to grow similarly in the near future. Carpule is a type of ampule or cartridge containing liquid medicine to be inserted using a syringe. It has a puncturable cap and one end and a sliding plug on the other end. In dental profession, dental cartridges are known as carpules. These devices have proved to be a great innovation in dental instruments and consumables industry. Global Dental Carpule Market was about is expected to reach US$ 20 million by 2023 at a CAGR of 4.9%. Test the market data and market information presented through more than 80 market data tables and figures spread over 80 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on “Dental Carpule Market Research Report –Global Forecast to 2023.” Get a Sample report at https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/721 . Key players in Dental Carpule market are: • GlaxoSmithKline • AstraZeneca • Gilead • Sanofi Genzyme • Merck • Roche • Pfizer • Novartis Dental Carpule market is segmented in four regions consisting of North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Middle East and Africa. North America is expected to be the largest market for joint reconstruction devices. European market is depicting fastest growth in the market followed by Asia Pacific. The market is expected to grow in India, Japan and China. The market is increasing due to the increasing demand for dental cosmetics as well as safety of patients while preforming anesthesia. Injectable drugs need to be carefully administered to reduce the risk of harm to the patient. Dental carpule market is also increasing due to increase in awareness among dental surgeon regarding appropriate quality of injectable drugs administered. In North America, patients are now keen about their dental health and have regular dental checkups from their dentists. Europe is the second largest market. Healthcare professional are now focusing on precision in procedure. Dentists have become aware of taking necessary safety precautions to be taken while administering anesthesia to the patient. Asia-Pacific shows steady growth in this market. India, China and Japan are fast growing market in this region. Dental Carpule market is segmented on the basis of on the basis of material consisting of glass, plastic, metal and others and on the basis of end users which consists of Hospitals, Dental Clinics, Home care and others. Get a discount at https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/721 Study Objectives of Dental Carpule Market: • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next six years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Dental Carpule market • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth • To analyze the Dental Carpule market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to three main geographies and their countries- Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Middle East and Africa. • To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective • To provide country level analysis of the market for segments by type, by end users and its sub-segments • To provide overview of key players and their strategic profiling in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the global Dental Carpule market. Intended Audience • Dental Carpule manufacturers • Dental Carpule Suppliers • Research and Development (R&D) Companies • Medical Research Laboratories • Academic Medical Institutes and Universities The report for Dental Carpule market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different markets segments and regions. Table of Contents 1 Report Prologue 2 Market Introduction 2.1 Introduction 2.2 Scope of Study 2.3 Research Objective 2.4 Assumptions & Limitations 2.4.1 Assumptions 2.4.2 Limitations 3 Research Methodology 3.1 Research Process 3.2 Primary Research 3.3 Secondary Research 4 Market Dynamics 4.1 Drivers 4.1.1 Improving Medical Device Regulation 4.1.2 Growing demand of dental cosmetics 4.1.3 Increasing awareness about dental health 4.2 Restrains 4.2.1 Patient safety 4.2.2 Cost of caruples 5 Market Factor Analysis 5.1 Porter’s Five Forces Model 5.1.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 5.1.2 Bargaining Power of Buyers Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious South Korea Market Report for Electromyogram Monitoring and Diagnostics 2017; New Report Launched Next PostNext ImageFIRST Fort Myers Teams Up with Habitat for Humanity for Community Giving Event Search Recent Posts North America Accounting Software 2017 Market by Manufacturers, Type, Regions, Applications Forecast to 2022 North America Accounting Software 2017 Market by Manufacturers, Type, Regions, Applications Forecast to 2022 Blumenthal, Colleagues Reintroduce Bipartisan Legislation to Improve and Modernize Placement of Foster Children Personal Care Ingredients Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Personal Care Ingredients Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Barbour County Health Department Giving Free HPV Vaccines - WBOY - Clarksburg, Morgantown: News, Sports, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Crime & Courts Accidents & Fires Business & Economy Special Reports Monongalia County and Preston County Central Weather Your Weather Outlook 7-Day Forecast Snowbird Central & School Closings Snowbird & Myron's Weather Adventure in 360 Degrees Warnings Map Live Doppler Radar Predictor Local Temperatures Sports High School Scores Big Race Indy High School Sports Honda Athlete of the Week National Sports West Virginia Illustrated Community Relay For Life Central 12 Things You Need to Know Buckle Your Baby For Life Community Calendar "Celebrating Volunteers" Brought to You by The Miley Legal Group 12 News at Noon Interviews North Central WV Boil Water Advisories Video Contests Dream Kitchen Makeover What's On The Daily J! About Us Work With Us Download Our Apps Tactive Digital WBOY Alumni Meet the Team EEO and Public Reports FCC Public Inspection File Barbour County Health Department Giving Free HPV Vaccines Posted: Thursday, May 25, 2017 3:57 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, May 25, 2017 6:12 PM EDT By Leah Knicely, Randolph, Tucker, Barbour Reporter Email Connect lknicely@wboy.com Each day in the United States, 33 women are diagnosed with HPV-related cervical cancer and nearly 14 million people will become newly infected with each year, according to Merck pharmaceutical company.  Educating yourself is a vital step in preventing and protecting yourself and your children from HPV-related cancers and diseases. “The vaccination that we have is the HPV vaccine which helps prevent cancer. It helps prevent cervical cancer, oral cancers, different kinds of cancers,” said Annette Santilli of the Barbour County Health Department. “It is also important for protecting people from cancer in both genders; both males and females can be affected by the HPV virus.” The Barbour County Health Department offers free vaccinations for children under the age of 18.  For more information or to schedule an appointment, call the Health Department at (304) 457-1670. Clarksburg Studio 904 West Pike Street Clarksburg, WV 26301 Main (304) 623-3311 Fax (304) 624-6152(Clarksburg) Fax (304) 225-2522(Morgantown) Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WBOY Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Congestive Heart Failure Therapeutics Pipeline Analysis, 2017 – Patent, Designation, Collaboration, and Other Developments Prevalence of congestive heart failure is witnessed to have increased, especially in Asia-Pacific and American region, due to rapid change in lifestyle of people, which in turn is results in various lifestyle diseases such as diabetes and high blood pressure. Additionally, other factors such as, sedentary nature of job, high cholesterol diet intake, lack of exercise, pollution, are also contributing to the increasing incidence of congestive heart failure, across the globe. The therapeutic pipeline for congestive heart failure is expected to grow in the next few years on account of increasing participation of various multinational pharmaceutical companies for the development of novel drugs, to be used in the treatment of congestive heart failure. According to the latest WHO report, it is estimated that there are around 26 million people suffering from problem of congestive heart failure, worldwide, with nearly 5.8 million cases having been registered in the U.S. only. Explore Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/congestive-heart… Congestive heart failure is a chronic progressive condition which affects the pumping power of the heart muscle. It is the stage where fluids build up around the heart and leads to inefficient pumping of blood to various organs of the body. Heart has four chambers; the upper half of the heart has two atria and the lower half of the heart has two ventricles. The ventricles pump blood to our body organs and tissues and the atria receives blood as it circulates back from the rest of the body. Insufficient supply of blood from the ventricles, to the organs in the body, leads to congestive heart failure. Of the four different classes of congestive heart failure, in class I and II, the individuals do not experience any major symptoms, and the problem of congestive heart failure can be controlled by making lifestyle changes, meditation and exercise. However, in the class III and IV stages, the patient’s condition is severe and the problem can only be controlled through proper treatment. There are many symptoms of congestive heart failure including irregular heartbeat, fatigue, shortness of breath, edema, chest pain, wheezing, fainting and weight gain. Request for Table of Content at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/congestive-heart… There are numerous drugs available for the treatment of congestive heart failure which are currently under the pipeline of different pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. GSK2798745 is a drug being currently developing by Glaxosmithkline plc and is under Phase II clinical trials. The drug is administered orally and targets TRPV4 (transient receptor potential cation channel V4) protein and inhibits its activity. Amgen Inc., is engaged in the development of omecamtiv mecarbil, a drug which is under Phase III clinical trials and is administered orally. Omecamtiv mecarbil is a small molecule which activates cardiac myosin. Vericiguat is a drug in the pipeline of Merck & Co., Inc., and is under phase III stage of clinical trials and is orally administered. Vericiguat stimulates the activity of sGC (solube guanylate cyclase). In September 2016, Merck Sharp & Dohme co and Bayer Pharmaceuticals collaborated to developed vericiguat drug for the treatment of congestive heart failure. Browse Other Related Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/pharmaceuticals Some of the companies having a pipeline of congestive heart failure therapeutics include Glaxosmithkline plc, Amgen Inc., Merck Sharp & Dohme Co, Bayer Pharmaceuticals, Novartis Pharmaceuticals, Janssen Research and Development, LLC, Scios, Inc., Quantum Genomics SA, AstraZeneca plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb etc. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Contact: Kundan Manager – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 Toll-free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada) Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global RFID Reader Market Industry Analysis by Region, Consumption, Competition & Technology Covering Key Players Honeywell, Datalogic, Zebra Next PostNext Art Talk with Roger Shimomura Search Recent Posts Carbon Dioxide Laser Therapeutic Devices Sales Industry 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Angiography Catheter Sales Industry Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Emulsifying Silicon Oil Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Report Up To 2022 Global Tax Network Recognized Again for Innovative and Effective Workplace Practices Listing of bond loan issued by KINNEVIK AB on STO Corporate Bonds (370/17) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip navigation U.S. National Library of Medicine Menu Health Topics Drugs & Supplements Videos & Tools About MedlinePlus Search Search MedlinePlus GO About MedlinePlus Site Map FAQs Customer Support Health Topics Drugs & Supplements Videos & Tools Español You Are Here: Home → Latest Health News → Article URL of this page: https://medlineplus.gov/news/fullstory_165908.html FDA OKs First Cancer Drug by Genetic Type, Not Organ of Origin Keytruda is targeted to specific cancers with specific DNA that can arise in multiple sites To use the sharing features on this page, please enable JavaScript. (*this news item will not be available after 08/22/2017) By Randy Dotinga Wednesday, May 24, 2017 WEDNESDAY, May 24, 2017 (HealthDay News) -- Many new cancer drugs target genetic "biomarkers" that are specific to tumors -- wherever in the body they may appear. So on Tuesday, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced that, for the first time, it had approved a cancer drug based on disease genetics rather than the body part where the cancer originated. The drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), is targeted to what are called "mismatch repair genes," and its approval means it can be used to fight tumors with these genes wherever they appear -- in the colon, pancreas, stomach, ovaries or other body sites. "This is an important first for the cancer community," Dr. Richard Pazdur, acting director of the Office of Hematology and Oncology Products in the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, said in an agency news release. "Until now, the FDA has approved cancer treatments based on where in the body the cancer started -- for example, lung or breast cancers," said Pazdur, who also directs the FDA's Oncology Center of Excellence. "We have now approved a drug based on a tumor's biomarker without regard to the tumor's original location." Keytruda, made by Merck & Co., targets tumors with DNA known as microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR). As the FDA explained, these gene abnormalities affect repair mechanisms inside the cell. "Tumors with these biomarkers are most commonly found in colorectal, endometrial and gastrointestinal cancers, but also less commonly appear in cancers arising in the breast, prostate, bladder, thyroid gland and other places," the FDA said in the news release. "Approximately 5 percent of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer have MSI-H or dMMR tumors." Keytruda works by targeting a cellular pathway that helps the body's own immune system attack the cancer cells. The drug had previously received separate approval for a variety of tumor types, such as metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic melanoma, and other cancers. That approval has been widened and Keytruda is now allowed for the treatment of adults and children with certain tumors that can't be surgically removed, or solid tumors that have spread. The FDA said the drug is approved for use in two kinds of patients: Those who don't have alternatives after tumors have progressed after treatment; and those with colorectal cancer that's progressed after treatment with certain chemotherapy drugs. The FDA said 149 patients with tumors with the biological variations -- 15 tumor types in all -- took part in five separate studies that led to the new approval. Tumors responded by either completely or partially shrinking in 40 percent of the patients. The findings also showed that more than three-quarters of those patients had a response for at least six months. The drug has many side effects, including some that are serious -- such as inflammation of healthy organs -- so patients who experience those complications should stop taking the drug. Women who are pregnant or breast-feeding should not take the drug. SOURCE: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, news release, May 23, 2017 HealthDay Copyright (c) 2017 HealthDay. All rights reserved. News stories are written and provided by HealthDay and do not reflect federal policy, the views of MedlinePlus, the National Library of Medicine, the National Institutes of Health, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. More Health News on Genes and Gene Therapy Medicines Recent Health News Related MedlinePlus Health Topics Genes and Gene Therapy Medicines About MedlinePlus Site Map FAQs Customer Support Get email updates Subscribe to RSS Follow us Disclaimers Copyright Privacy Accessibility Quality Guidelines Viewers & Players MedlinePlus Connect for EHRs For Developers U.S. National Library of Medicine 8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20894 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services National Institutes of Health Page last updated on 26 May 2017
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Big Pharma Has Big Catalysts Coming for the Rest of 2017 By Lee Jackson May 25, 2017 10:15 am EDT Print Email Tweet The big pharmaceutical stocks are one area that has done somewhat better this year. One major reason for that is the shrill rhetoric from politicians has quieted as the election cycle is on hold for now, until the midterm elections. In addition, the major large cap companies have posted some decent earnings numbers, and when you add in the safety net of sizable and dependable dividends, their stocks look attractive. A new Deutsche Bank research report focuses on the big capitalization pharmaceutical stocks and the upcoming catalysts and news flow they have for the rest of 2017. AbbVie This is one of the top pharmaceutical stocks picks across Wall Street. AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) is a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company formed in 2013 following separation from Abbott Laboratories. The company develops and markets drugs in areas such as immunology, virology, renal disease, dyslipidemia and neuroscience. One of the biggest concerns with AbbVie is what eventually might happen with anti-inflammatory therapy Humira, which has some of the largest sales for a drug ever recorded. Last year, the patent board instituted Coherus BioSciences’ Inter Partes Review against the Humira ‘135 patent. The problem with Humira is that biosimilars and generics are itching to enter the market. Deutsche Bank expects the company to release ABT-494 Phase 3 readouts for rheumatoid arthritis. In addition, Risankizumab Phase 3 readouts for psoriasis are also expected this year. Shareholders receive a 3.88% dividend. The Wall Street consensus price target for the shares is $72.28. Shares closed Wednesday at $65.93. Bristol-Myers Squibb This top company also remains a favorite on Wall Street. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) is a global pharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, licensing and marketing chemically synthesized drugs or small molecules and biologics in various therapeutic areas, including virology comprising human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV), oncology, neuroscience, immunoscience and cardiovascular. The company recently announced that Biogen will pay $300 million upfront to Bristol-Myers to license a palsy drug with a $2 billion market opportunity and the potential to use that to treat Alzheimer’s. The company will pay a total of $410 million in milestone payments and a tiered double-digit royalty to license a drug known only as BMS-986168. The drug just completed Phase 1 testing in progressive supranuclear palsy. Deutsche Bank cites a presentation at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) conference in early June with Phase 1 and 2 data for Opdivo and Incyte’s IDO1 inhibitor for advanced solid tumors. They also cite Opdivo Phase 3 readouts for 1L Melanoma that are coming as well. Shareholders receive a 2.9% dividend. The consensus price objective is $57.18, and shares closed Wednesday at $53.82. Eli Lilly This stock also has substantial upside potential. Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) is a global health care company with numerous core products in a number of primary-care pharmaceutical markets. The company generates revenues from its pharmaceutical product and animal health segments. The product portfolio includes Zyprexa (for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder), Gemzar (pancreatic cancer), Evista (osteoporosis), Cymbalta (depression), Cialis (erectile dysfunction), Strattera (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder), Erbitux (cancer) and Alimta (chemotherapy). Eli Lilly also has a strong presence in the diabetes market. Deutsche Bank cites Abemaciclib Phase 3 data for 2L breast cancer (MONARCH 2) and an investor webcast at ASCO. The firm also expects Eli Lilly to present Phase 3 readouts for galcanezumab for migraine prevention and Lasmiditan for acute migraines, both in the second half of 2017. Shareholders receive a 2.67% dividend. The consensus price objective of $89.10 compares with Wednesday’s close at $77.96. Merck This remains a leading health care stock for conservative investors. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) offers therapeutic and preventive agents to treat cardiovascular issues, type 2 diabetes, asthma, nasal allergy symptoms, allergic rhinitis, chronic hepatitis C virus, HIV-1 infection, fungal infections, intra-abdominal infections, hypertension, arthritis and pain, inflammatory, osteoporosis, male pattern hair loss and fertility diseases. The company also provides neuromuscular blocking agents for use in surgery, anti-bacterial products for skin and skin structure infections, cholesterol modifying medicines, non-sedating antihistamine and vaginal contraceptive products. Deutsche Bank points to the investor event at ASCO on June 5 and various presentations, including additional follow-up data from KEYNOTE-021G, and Phase 1 and 2 data for Keytruda plus Incyte’s IDO1 inhibitor for advanced solid tumors. In addition, they point to Keytruda Phase 3 readouts for 1L non-small cell lung cancer (KEYNOTE-189) as well as several other indications, all coming in the second half of 2017. Merck shareholders receive a 2.9% dividend. The consensus price target is $69.30. Shares closed at $64.93. Pfizer This top pharmaceutical stock made a gigantic splash last year with a $5.5 billion purchase of Anacor Pharmaceuticals. Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) has a very strong pipeline, and being the world’s largest drug manufacturer by sales value supports the Wall Street notion that the company can generate higher long-term revenues through the accelerated growth of its new drugs over the next five years. Deutsche Bank points to Avelumab Phase 3 readouts for 3L gastric cancer, which should still come in the first half of 2017, and 2L non-small cell lung cancer later this year. The firm also expects FDA action on Xeljanz and Xeljanz XR for psoriatic arthritis and ertugliflozin and combinations for type 2 diabetes, all of which could come in December. Investors receive a 3.98% dividend. The consensus price objective is $37.53. Shares closed Wednesday at $32.05. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These top companies all have data that could move their shares coming in 2017. They make good sense for more conservative buy-and-hold strategies looking for total return. All have been around for years and should remain sector leaders for years to come. By Lee Jackson « Are Investors Predicting a Pullback With Major Semiconductor Short Interest? Short Sellers Can’t Make Up Their Minds on Cybersecurity Stocks » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, featured, pharmaceuticals, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Customer Service Hall of Shame The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Customer Service Hall of Fame Recent How Costco Beat Profit Estimates America’s Safest Cars Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Can MEI Pharma Rise Nearly 300%? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Deckers Projects Higher Profits for 2018 6 Ways to Increase Your 457 Contribution Activision Blizzard's "Overwatch" Continues to Kill It U.S. Atty Gen Sessions taking blocked travel ban to Supreme Court Costco fiscal Q3 EPS $1.59 Costco fiscal Q3 rev. up 8% to $28.22 billion, slightly below expectations Oil Down, Everything Else Up on the Day Costco (COST) Posts Q3 Earnings Beat, Total Comps Up 5% Ulta Beauty (ULTA) Crushes Q1 Earnings, E-Commerce Sales Jump 70.9% Trump, G7 peers seek deals on terrorism, trade, climate Asian shares mixed as oil's fall counters Wall Street gains Trump faces G7 squeeze on climate change, trade at Sicily summit Californian Sues Jelly Belly Over Sugar-Packed Jelly Beans Trump Reportedly Called Germans 'Very Bad,' Vowed To Stop German Car Sales In The U.S. Oops! Ivanka And Jared Failed To Disclose Their Million-Dollar Art Collection Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA OKs First Cancer Drug by Genetic Type, Not Organ of Origin WEDNESDAY, May 24, 2017 (HealthDay News) — Many new cancer drugs target genetic “biomarkers” that are specific to tumors — wherever in the body they may appear. So on Tuesday, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced that, for the first time, it had approved a cancer drug based on disease genetics rather than the body part where the cancer originated. The drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), is targeted to what are called “mismatch repair genes,” and its approval means it can be used to fight tumors with these genes wherever they appear — in the colon, pancreas, stomach, ovaries or other body sites. “This is an important first for the cancer community,” Dr. Richard Pazdur, acting director of the Office of Hematology and Oncology Products in the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, said in an agency news release. “Until now, the FDA has approved cancer treatments based on where in the body the cancer started — for example, lung or breast cancers,” said Pazdur, who also directs the FDA’s Oncology Center of Excellence. “We have now approved a drug based on a tumor’s biomarker without regard to the tumor’s original location.” Keytruda, made by Merck & Co., targets tumors with DNA known as microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR). As the FDA explained, these gene abnormalities affect repair mechanisms inside the cell. “Tumors with these biomarkers are most commonly found in colorectal, endometrial and gastrointestinal cancers, but also less commonly appear in cancers arising in the breast, prostate, bladder, thyroid gland and other places,” the FDA said in the news release. “Approximately 5 percent of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer have MSI-H or dMMR tumors.” Keytruda works by targeting a cellular pathway that helps the body’s own immune system attack the cancer cells. The drug had previously received separate approval for a variety of tumor types, such as metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic melanoma, and other cancers. That approval has been widened and Keytruda is now allowed for the treatment of adults and children with certain tumors that can’t be surgically removed, or solid tumors that have spread. The FDA said the drug is approved for use in two kinds of patients: Those who don’t have alternatives after tumors have progressed after treatment; and those with colorectal cancer that’s progressed after treatment with certain chemotherapy drugs. The FDA said 149 patients with tumors with the biological variations — 15 tumor types in all — took part in five separate studies that led to the new approval. Tumors responded by either completely or partially shrinking in 40 percent of the patients. The findings also showed that more than three-quarters of those patients had a response for at least six months. The drug has many side effects, including some that are serious — such as inflammation of healthy organs — so patients who experience those complications should stop taking the drug. Women who are pregnant or breast-feeding should not take the drug. SOURCE: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, news release, May 23, 2017 News stories are written and provided by HealthDay and do not reflect federal policy, the views of MedlinePlus, the National Library of Medicine, the National Institutes of Health, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Zika Arrived in Florida At Least Four Different Ways Next PostNext Thick Middle May Raise Risk of Some Cancers Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA OKs First Cancer Drug by Genetic Type, Not Organ of Origin WEDNESDAY, May 24, 2017 (HealthDay News) — Many new cancer drugs target genetic “biomarkers” that are specific to tumors — wherever in the body they may appear. So on Tuesday, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced that, for the first time, it had approved a cancer drug based on disease genetics rather than the body part where the cancer originated. The drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), is targeted to what are called “mismatch repair genes,” and its approval means it can be used to fight tumors with these genes wherever they appear — in the colon, pancreas, stomach, ovaries or other body sites. “This is an important first for the cancer community,” Dr. Richard Pazdur, acting director of the Office of Hematology and Oncology Products in the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, said in an agency news release. “Until now, the FDA has approved cancer treatments based on where in the body the cancer started — for example, lung or breast cancers,” said Pazdur, who also directs the FDA’s Oncology Center of Excellence. “We have now approved a drug based on a tumor’s biomarker without regard to the tumor’s original location.” Keytruda, made by Merck & Co., targets tumors with DNA known as microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR). As the FDA explained, these gene abnormalities affect repair mechanisms inside the cell. “Tumors with these biomarkers are most commonly found in colorectal, endometrial and gastrointestinal cancers, but also less commonly appear in cancers arising in the breast, prostate, bladder, thyroid gland and other places,” the FDA said in the news release. “Approximately 5 percent of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer have MSI-H or dMMR tumors.” Keytruda works by targeting a cellular pathway that helps the body’s own immune system attack the cancer cells. The drug had previously received separate approval for a variety of tumor types, such as metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic melanoma, and other cancers. That approval has been widened and Keytruda is now allowed for the treatment of adults and children with certain tumors that can’t be surgically removed, or solid tumors that have spread. The FDA said the drug is approved for use in two kinds of patients: Those who don’t have alternatives after tumors have progressed after treatment; and those with colorectal cancer that’s progressed after treatment with certain chemotherapy drugs. The FDA said 149 patients with tumors with the biological variations — 15 tumor types in all — took part in five separate studies that led to the new approval. Tumors responded by either completely or partially shrinking in 40 percent of the patients. The findings also showed that more than three-quarters of those patients had a response for at least six months. The drug has many side effects, including some that are serious — such as inflammation of healthy organs — so patients who experience those complications should stop taking the drug. Women who are pregnant or breast-feeding should not take the drug. SOURCE: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, news release, May 23, 2017 News stories are written and provided by HealthDay and do not reflect federal policy, the views of MedlinePlus, the National Library of Medicine, the National Institutes of Health, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Zika Arrived in Florida At Least Four Different Ways Next PostNext Thick Middle May Raise Risk of Some Cancers Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA OKs First Cancer Drug by Genetic Type, Not Organ of Origin WEDNESDAY, May 24, 2017 (HealthDay News) — Many new cancer drugs target genetic “biomarkers” that are specific to tumors — wherever in the body they may appear. So on Tuesday, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced that, for the first time, it had approved a cancer drug based on disease genetics rather than the body part where the cancer originated. The drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), is targeted to what are called “mismatch repair genes,” and its approval means it can be used to fight tumors with these genes wherever they appear — in the colon, pancreas, stomach, ovaries or other body sites. “This is an important first for the cancer community,” Dr. Richard Pazdur, acting director of the Office of Hematology and Oncology Products in the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, said in an agency news release. “Until now, the FDA has approved cancer treatments based on where in the body the cancer started — for example, lung or breast cancers,” said Pazdur, who also directs the FDA’s Oncology Center of Excellence. “We have now approved a drug based on a tumor’s biomarker without regard to the tumor’s original location.” Keytruda, made by Merck & Co., targets tumors with DNA known as microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR). As the FDA explained, these gene abnormalities affect repair mechanisms inside the cell. “Tumors with these biomarkers are most commonly found in colorectal, endometrial and gastrointestinal cancers, but also less commonly appear in cancers arising in the breast, prostate, bladder, thyroid gland and other places,” the FDA said in the news release. “Approximately 5 percent of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer have MSI-H or dMMR tumors.” Keytruda works by targeting a cellular pathway that helps the body’s own immune system attack the cancer cells. The drug had previously received separate approval for a variety of tumor types, such as metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, metastatic melanoma, and other cancers. That approval has been widened and Keytruda is now allowed for the treatment of adults and children with certain tumors that can’t be surgically removed, or solid tumors that have spread. The FDA said the drug is approved for use in two kinds of patients: Those who don’t have alternatives after tumors have progressed after treatment; and those with colorectal cancer that’s progressed after treatment with certain chemotherapy drugs. The FDA said 149 patients with tumors with the biological variations — 15 tumor types in all — took part in five separate studies that led to the new approval. Tumors responded by either completely or partially shrinking in 40 percent of the patients. The findings also showed that more than three-quarters of those patients had a response for at least six months. The drug has many side effects, including some that are serious — such as inflammation of healthy organs — so patients who experience those complications should stop taking the drug. Women who are pregnant or breast-feeding should not take the drug. SOURCE: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, news release, May 23, 2017 News stories are written and provided by HealthDay and do not reflect federal policy, the views of MedlinePlus, the National Library of Medicine, the National Institutes of Health, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Zika Arrived in Florida At Least Four Different Ways Next PostNext Thick Middle May Raise Risk of Some Cancers Search Recent Posts Carbon Dioxide Laser Therapeutic Devices Sales Industry 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Angiography Catheter Sales Industry Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Emulsifying Silicon Oil Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Report Up To 2022 Global Tax Network Recognized Again for Innovative and Effective Workplace Practices Listing of bond loan issued by KINNEVIK AB on STO Corporate Bonds (370/17) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2021 Global Veterinary Vaccines Market Competition, Status and Forecast, Market Size by Players, Regions, Type, Application Description: Growing numbers of farm and companion animals, increasing use of intensive animal husbandry practices and rising incidence of chronic diseases in animals have propelled the need for better animal healthcare. Request a sample of this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/256345 . Food safety concerns have boosted the usage of vaccines for better farm animal production. The global market for veterinary vaccines is estimated to be worth $12.68 billion in 2014. Expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.84 %, the market is set to reach a value of US$19.35 billion by 2019. Factors responsible for the growth of the market are increasing Zoonotic diseases, increasing investments by government bodies, animal welfare associations and leading players. Recent epidemics like swine flu, avian influenza and anthrax created awareness among livestock owners to avoid the huge production losses due to these diseases. The future of the animal vaccines will be dominated by DNA-related vaccine which can target the particular disease with minimal vaccines shots. Such innovative products will be more capable of providing protection than the conventional vaccines. However, rising maintenance costs for the storage of vaccines, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet in major economies owing to increasing risk of obesity and other chronic diseases are key restraints of this market. Veterinary vaccine market has shown growth in recent years which can be attributed to increasing husbandry practices and better management of farms. This results in estimation of further growth in the market due to advancement in biotechnological research. Browse the full report @ www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-veterinary-vac… . In country wise analysis, Chinese animal vaccine market is set to grow because the R&D platform and technology has the capability to support the development of various veterinary vaccines and the expansion of governmental tender vaccine. The global veterinary vaccine market is segmented by type of disease in companion and farm animals – poultry vaccines (Bronchitis, Avian Influenza, Marek’s disease, New castle disease), Swine vaccines (Porcine reproductive disease, Swine influenza, Swine Pneumonia). By vaccine technology, the market is segmented into toxoid vaccines, recombinant vaccines, inactivated vaccines and live attenuated vaccines. Purchase a copy of this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/256345 . By geography, the market is divided into North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe and the rest of world. Europe accounts for the largest share of the animal vaccines market, followed by North America. While North America and Europe have decelerated growth in veterinary vaccines due to quality safety, high maturity and other factors, developing regions like Asia-pacific and other developing countries have fast growing animal vaccine market. Pfizer (U.S.), Merck (U.S.), Sanofi-Aventis (France), Bayer HealthCare (Germany), Virbac (France), Novartis (Switzerland), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), Heska Corporation (U.S.), Bioniche Animal Health Canada, Inc. (Canada) are the key players in the global animal vaccines market. COMPANY PROFILES 1 ZOETIS ANIMAL HEALTHCARE 1.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 1.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 1.3 PRODUCTS 2 ABAXIS, INC. 2.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 2.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 2.3 PRODUCTS 3 NEOGEN CORPORATION 3.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 3.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 3.3 PRODUCTS 4 HESKA CORPORATION 4.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 4.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 4.3 PRODUCTS 5 IDEXX LABORATORIES 5.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 5.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 5.3 PRODUCTS 6 QIAGEN 1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 3 PRODUCTS 7 VIRBAC SA 7.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 7.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 7.3 PRODUCTS 8 PRIONICS AG 8.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 8.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 8.3 PRODUCTS 9 BIOCHEK 9.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 9.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 9.3 PRODUCTS 10 IDVET 10.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 10.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 10.3 PRODUCTS For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Orbis Research added New Report “Global Veterinary Healthcare Industry Trends, Growth 2021 Forecast Next PostNext 2017 Global Aviation Actuator System Market 2022 Review & Forecast Research Report Published by Orbis Research Search Recent Posts 2017 Green Cooling Technologies Market Latest Report Available Online at Orbisresearch.com Next Generation Biometric Market to Receive overwhelming hike in Revenues by 2021 New Report Shares Details about the 2017 Global Rotary Union Industry Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Global UV Printers Market: Trends & Opportunities (2017-2022) – New Report by Orbis Research National Safety Council Announces Winners of its Prestigious Green Cross for Safety Awards Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Orbis Research : Head And Neck Cancer – Pipeline Review, Technologies & Forecasts Report H1 2017 Description: Head And Neck Cancer – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology) pipeline landscape. Head and Neck Cancer is a cancer that arises in the head or neck region (in the nasal cavity, sinuses, lips, mouth, salivary glands, throat, or larynx). The common symptoms of cancer of the head and neck include persistent pain in the throat, pain or difficulty with swallowing, persistent hoarseness or a change in voice, pain in the ear and bleeding in the mouth or throat. The disease may be controlled by chemotherapy and radiation therapy. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/289275 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Head And Neck Cancer – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Head And Neck Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 1, 18, 87, 98, 5, 92, 17 and 3 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 11, 6, 1, 15 and 3 molecules, respectively. Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/head-and-neck-cancer-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Head And Neck Cancer (Oncology) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/289275 . Companies Mentioned: 3SBio Inc 4SC AG AB Science SA AbbVie Inc Abion Inc Accelerated Pharma Inc Acceleron Pharma Inc Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Aduro BioTech Inc Advaxis Inc Advenchen Laboratories LLC Affimed GmbH Altor BioScience Corp Ambrx Inc amcure GmbH Amgen Inc arGEN-X BV ArQule Inc Array BioPharma Inc Aspyrian Therapeutics Inc Astellas Pharma Inc AstraZeneca Plc Atara Biotherapeutics Inc ATLAB Pharma SAS AVEO Pharmaceuticals Inc Bayer AG BeiGene Ltd Benitec Biopharma Ltd Beta Pharma Inc Bexion Pharmaceuticals LLC BioDiem Ltd Biomics Biotechnologies Co Ltd Bionovis SA BioNTech AG Biotest AG Biothera Pharmaceutical Inc Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Boston Biomedical Inc Bristol-Myers Squibb Company CBT Pharmaceuticals Inc Celgene Corp Cell Medica Ltd Cellceutix Corp Celldex Therapeutics Inc Celprogen Inc Centrose LLC Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc Cristal Therapeutics BV Critical Outcome Technologies Inc CytImmune Sciences Inc Daiichi Sankyo Company Ltd Denceptor Therapeutics Ltd DNJ Pharma Inc Dynavax Technologies Corp Eisai Co Ltd Eleven Biotherapeutics Inc Eli Lilly and Company Etubics Corp Eureka Therapeutics Inc F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Five Prime Therapeutics Inc Forty Seven Inc Fujifilm Corp G&E Herbal Biotechnology Co Ltd Galectin Therapeutics Inc Genelux Corp GeneSegues Inc Genexine Inc Genmab A/S GlaxoSmithKline Plc Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd Gliknik Inc Glycotope GmbH Griffith University Hanmi Pharmaceuticals Co Ltd Hookipa Biotech AG Horizon Pharma Plc Hutchison China MediTech Ltd Ignyta Inc Immunocore Ltd Immunomedics Inc Immunovaccine Inc Immunovative Therapies Ltd Incyte Corp Infinity Pharmaceuticals Inc Innate Pharma SA Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc InteRNA Technologies BV Ipsen SA IRX Therapeutics Inc ISA Pharmaceuticals BV ISU ABXIS Co Ltd Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co Ltd Jiangsu Kanion Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Johnson & Johnson Juno Therapeutics Inc Kite Pharma Inc Kura Oncology Inc Laboratoires Pierre Fabre SA LATITUDE Pharmaceuticals Inc Lion Biotechnologies Inc Loxo Oncology Inc Lytix Biopharma AS Mabion SA MacroGenics Inc Marsala Biotech Inc Mateon Therapeutics Inc MaxiVAX SA Meabco A/S MedImmune LLC Merck & Co Inc Merck KGaA Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc Mirati Therapeutics Inc Moleculin Biotech Inc Molplex Ltd NanoCarrier Co Ltd NantKwest Inc Natco Pharma Ltd NeoImmuneTech Inc Neonc Technologies Inc Neumedicines Inc Northwest Biotherapeutics Inc Novartis AG Noxopharm Ltd Oncobiologics Inc Oncolys BioPharma Inc Onconova Therapeutics Inc OncoSec Medical Inc Oncovir Inc Ono Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Oryx GmbH & Co KG PCI Biotech Holding ASA PDS Biotechnology Corp Pfizer Inc Pharma Mar SA Pique Therapeutics PlantForm Corp Plexxikon Inc PNP Therapeutics Inc Profectus BioSciences Inc Provectus Biopharmaceuticals Inc PsiOxus Therapeutics Ltd R Pharm Redx Pharma Plc Reliance Life Sciences Pvt Ltd Sareum Holdings Plc Selecta Biosciences Inc Shionogi & Co Ltd Sierra Oncology Inc Sillajen Biotherapeutics Sinil Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Sorrento Therapeutics Inc Sound Pharmaceuticals Inc SuviCa Inc Symphogen A/S SynCore Biotechnology Co Ltd Taiwan Liposome Company Ltd Takara Bio Inc Takis Srl Tessa Therapeutics Pte Ltd Theravectys SA Threshold Pharmaceuticals Inc Tolero Pharmaceuticals Inc Transgene SA UbiVac LLC Vaccibody AS VasGene Therapeutics Inc Vault Pharma Inc Vaxeal Holding SA VentiRx Pharmaceuticals Inc Viracta Therapeutics Inc Yabao Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd  For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oropharyngeal Cancer Market H1 2017 covering Companies illuminated by New Report Next PostNext Speech by SFST at HKVCA China Private Equity Summit 2017 (English only) Search Recent Posts Synthetic Lubricant Market is Grow at CAGR of 3.2% by 2023 Pharmaceutical Packaging Market 2014-2021 Outlook Research Report Release By DecisionDatabases Survey shows preference for casual employment California Deluxe Windows Announces Grand Opening of Northern Cali Location Majestic Builders Redding Update Online Portfolio With Recently Completed Flagship Projects Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Ovarian Disease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Ovarian Disease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Posted on May 25, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. The leading players in the global ovarian disease market are expected to focus on the introduction of new therapeutics and drugs, which is likely to contribute towards the overall growth of the market. In addition to this, the rising awareness among patients regarding the different types of ovarian diseases and the treatments available for it is another major factor expected to accelerate the growth of the market in the near future. Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/25/2017 — Ovarian Disease Market: Snapshot The worldwide market for ovarian disease is growing at a substantial rate, due to the rising cases of different types of ovarian cases across the globe. The development of the healthcare sector and the rising focus on research and development activities are projected to contribute substantially towards the development of the market in the next few years. The rising level of competition among the leading players and the presence of a strong drug pipeline are projected to accelerate the growth of the global ovarian disease market in the near future. The leading players in the global ovarian disease market are expected to focus on the introduction of new therapeutics and drugs, which is likely to contribute towards the overall growth of the market. In addition to this, the rising awareness among patients regarding the different types of ovarian diseases and the treatments available for it is another major factor expected to accelerate the growth of the market in the near future. Several advancements in technology and the robust development of the healthcare sector are predicted to encourage the development of the overall market in the next few years. Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=69 Governments, across the globe, are playing an important role in creating an awareness among consumers. The rising number of initiatives to offer healthcare facilities at an affordable rate is projected to supplement the market's growth in the near future. The increasing popularity of medical tourism in emerging economies is estimated to generate promising growth opportunities for the leading players operating in the ovarian disease market across the globe. Global Ovarian Disease Market: Overview The global market for ovarian disease is expected to grow at a healthy pace, owing to the rising prevalence of different types of ovarian diseases across the globe. The rising research and development activities and the high number of drugs in clinical trials are some of the primary aspects projected to encourage the growth of the market in the forecast period. As per the research study, the market is likely to register a progressive growth rate in the next few years. The research study provides a complete overview of the global ovarian disease market and throws light on the major factors that are estimated to accelerate the growth of the market in the near future. Request TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=69 Global Ovarian Disease Market: Drivers and Restraints The rising cases of diabetes, high blood pressure, genetic disorders, and thyroid disorders are boosting the risk of ovarian disease across the globe. This factor is projected to encourage the growth of the global market throughout the forecast period. In addition, the increasing number of obesity cases and unhealthy eating habits are some of the factors likely to supplement the growth of the market in the coming years. On the other hand, the lack of awareness among patients regarding the availability of effective drugs and therapeutics is projected to restrict the growth of the global ovarian disease market in the coming years. Nevertheless, the increasing number of initiatives by leading players and governments to create an awareness among patients and the increasing population of working women, along with hectic lifestyle are expected to offer promising opportunities in the coming years. Global Ovarian Disease Market: Region-wise Outlook Among the key geographical segments, Europe and North America are expected to lead the global ovarian disease market and collectively account for a key share of the market in the forecast period. The rising prevalence of ovarian diseases in these two regions is one of the important factors estimated to encourage the growth of the market in the coming years. In addition, the easy availability of sponsorships and funds and the presence of advanced healthcare infrastructure are some of the other factors anticipated to accelerate the growth of the global ovarian disease market in the near future. On the other hand, Asia Pacific and the Rest of the World segments are considered as untapped markets, owing to which these regions are estimated to witness significant growth throughout the forecast period. The development of the healthcare facilities is expected to supplement the growth of the market in these regions. Read Comprehensive Overview of Report@ https://www.tmrresearch.com/ovarian-disease-market Key Players Mentioned in the Research Report are: Some of the leading players operating in the ovarian disease market across the globe are Sanofi S.A., Merck & Co., Inc., Bayer AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Actavis plc, GlaxoSmithKline plc, and Pfizer, Inc. The growing focus of these players on creating an awareness regarding ovarian disease and the increasing number of new and effective products are projected to contribute extensively towards the growth of the overall market in the coming years. In addition, the increasing investments for research and development activities are anticipated to generate promising opportunities for key players in the global ovarian disease market. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in today's supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clients' conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/ovarian-disease-market/release-812379.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head – Internet Marketing TMR Research Telephone: 415-520-1050 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: https://www.tmrresearch.com/ovarian-disease-market Latest News 19 Raiders Greats Join Golf Fundraiser to Research Brain Injuries Ovarian Disease Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Methyl Ester Sulfonate Market Outlook, Worldwide Strategy and Forecasts by 2025 Global Sterile Packaging Market 2016 Industry Analysis & Forecast 2024 Technology Advancements & Added Functionalities to Drive Smart Wearable Lifestyle Devices Market in US in 2017 Global Security Labels Market Share Will Expand Till 2016-2024 Global Mushroom Packaging Market to Observe High Growth by 2016-2024 Global Industrial Labels Market Show Exponential Growth by 2024 Global Easy Open Packaging Market 2016 Industry Analysis & Forecast 2024 Global Tablets and Capsules Packaging Market to Experience Hike in Growth by 2024 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Avoca Quality Consortium (AQC) Unveils a Regulatory Roadmap to ICH E6 R2 at its New York City Quality Summit PRINCETON, N.J., May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- At its annual Summit USA in New York City on May 10-11, 2017, the Avoca Quality Consortium (AQC) released a "Regulatory Roadmap" --  a set of practical guidelines, tools, and documents -- to empower its Members to understand the recently rolled out ICH E6 R2 regulations and apply leading-practice solutions. "Because Avoca began this work five years ago, we were well prepared to support the industry when the new regulatory guidelines were released," says Patricia Leuchten, CEO of the Avoca Group. Covering clinical trial management and oversight in Europe and the United States, ICH E6 R2 requires that organizations adopt documented quality risk management processes. It calls on drug development professionals to make decisions based on a careful weighting of the likelihood and consequences of various risks. Avoca's Regulatory Roadmap will help biopharmaceutical companies and clinical research organizations (CROs) adapt to the new regulations more quickly. Since 2011, AQC Members have collaborated to encourage proactive approaches to risk management, oversight, and quality. Based on Member input, The Avoca Group began developing leading practice documents five years ago in anticipation of regulatory changes that would mandate a more proactive approach to managing quality and mitigating risk. ICH E6 R2 makes much of what the Consortium envisioned a reality. "Our leading practice documents, which are now mapped to ICH E6 R2, will give AQC Members a 'roadmap' to regulatory changes that will influence how we, as an industry, oversee quality," says Leuchten. "Our work earlier this year was focused on helping our Consortium Members make sense of ICH E6 R2. We linked already available tools, templates, and documents to the new regulations and created 17 new tools to help our Members navigate and implement ICH E6 R2 within their organizations." Quality is the mission of the AQC. Strict adherence to quality management leads to the successful trials that bring medicines to patients who need them. The AQC's annual Summit gives sponsors and clinical service providers a unique chance to collaboratively address issues of mutual concern in the clinical trial landscape. "As complexity increases, so too does the need for collaboration between all stakeholders in the clinical trial process," says Coleen Glessner, Senior Vice President, Chief Quality Officer, Alexion, and Summit emcee. "The AQC provides a unique environment where industry leaders, from both sponsors and CROs, come together to collectively discuss regulatory changes, create proactive approaches, and leverage what is available to the industry through the AQC." December 2016 was the fifth anniversary of the Quality Consortium, and 2017 is the second year that, due to Member interest, the AQC will hold a Summit in Europe -- to take place in Dublin June 7-8. Ideas discussed at the Summit are later put into practice through the work of the Consortium. At the Dublin meeting, the AQC Regulatory Roadmap will be discussed and rolled out to a European audience. The New York Summit's primary sponsor was ICON, the global CRO that has headquarters in Dublin. Also sponsoring the Summit were InVentiv Health, Purdue Pharma, Bioclinica, Longboat, Appian, and MedAvante.   Participating leaders included:  Dimitris K. Agrafiotis, PhD, FRSC, Chief Data Officer, Covance; Paul Gilbert, Co-Founder & Chief Executive Officer, MedAvante; Brian Hagen, PhD, Founder and Managing Director, Decision Empowerment Institute; Jeff James, Executive Vice President, Alliance Management, ICON; Andy Lee, Senior Vice President, Head of Global Clinical Trials Operations, Merck; Robert Metcalf, PhD, Vice President, MDU Diabetes and Clinical Transformation, Eli Lilly and Company; Adrian Otte, MB, BCh, FFPM, Vice President Global Development Operations, Amgen; and Roni Zeiger, MD, Co-Founder and CEO, Smart Patients. "We're grateful to our sponsors and the industry leaders who joined us to provide their insights and lead such thought-provoking and inspiring conversations. The leading practices discussed and debated at the Summit will define Avoca's agenda in coming months," says Leuchten. While much discussion at the Summit was focused on technical issues, panelists and attendees also raised critical questions about how to continue to build a culture of quality within individual organizations. "The landscape of clinical trials is evolving, and the pace of change is rapid," says Patricia Leuchten, CEO of the Avoca Group. "The Summit is an opportunity for us as an industry to prioritize opportunities and make decisions about how to address the complexities we face for the collective benefit of the industry." About The Avoca Quality Consortium (AQC) and the Avoca Group  Sponsored by Eli Lilly and Pfizer and led by The Avoca Group, The Avoca Quality Consortium (AQC) brings together 70+ pharma, biotech, and clinical service companies that share a commitment to collaboratively improving the execution and management of outsourced trials. Members have access to a large and growing repository of 250+ leading practice tools, guidelines, and standards that deliver meaningful improvements to the speed, efficiency, and quality of clinical trial execution, as well as the means to track and influence the development of innovative new approaches. Since its inception in 1999, The Avoca Group has delivered high-quality, actionable research to pharmaceutical companies, CROs, and specialty service providers. A pioneer in clinical outsourcing research and consulting, Avoca has tracked and influenced the progression of the sector, making it the ideal partner for companies seeking to continuously improve the execution of clinical trials. For more information, visit theavocagroup.com.   SOURCE Avoca Quality Consortium CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious QS Energy CEO Jason Lane Issues Shareholder Update Next PostNext Shots Fired by Suspect as Deputies Attempt to Serve him with Civil Papers – ARRESTED Search Recent Posts Kettlebells Market 2020; Competitive Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application World Blood Glucose Monitoring Devices Market 2017 CAGR 11.81% up to 2021: Attention on (Revenue, Industry Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast) International Domestic Safety Locker Market 2017-2021: Report Concentrate on (Top Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Types, Forecast) World High-Performance Electric Vehicle Market 2017 CAGR 37.63% up to 2021: Attention on (Revenue, Industry Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast) Laboratory Centrifuge Market Analysis and Prediction to 2020 by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lifestyle Drugs Market to Witness Comprehensive Growth by 2017-2025: Persistence Market Research New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/25/2017 — Lifestyle Drugs are the group of drugs or medications prescribed for treating life style disorders such as erectile dysfunction, acne, aging symptoms baldness, wrinkles etc. Also lifestyle drugs treat the conditions such as obesity, alcoholism, smoking, insomnia etc. many lifestyle drugs are available at OTC products. Popularity of the lifestyle drugs have increased as these drugs are used for increasing aesthetic appeal. Whereas these drugs are used for eliminating the chronic life style habits such as smoking and alcoholism, thus reducing the chances of getting major diseases such as liver failure and lung cancer. Lifestyle drugs market comprises of different drugs for therapeutic areas such as obesity, insomnia, dermatology, sexual dysfunction and others. However these drugs are available in various forms such as creams, gels, lotions, tablets etc. depending upon the therapeutic usage of the drug. Lifestyle Drugs market revenue is growing with a significant rate, this is attributed to increasing usage of the drugs for obesity. In addition to this, increasing prevalence of insomnia and stress leads to increase in the revenue growth of life style drugs market over the forecast period. Also increase in looks consciousness leads to increasing number of people visiting dermatologists for curing acne, baldness and wrinkles. Growing healthcare expenditure and increasing inclination of patients to opt for lifestyle drugs drives the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Increasing number of new drug launches for various ailments also drives the market for lifestyle drugs market. However higher pricing of some life style drugs along with availability of alternative treatment plans such as yoga for obesity is expected to hamper the growth of the lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. The lifestyle drugs market is segment based on the therapeutic type, form and end user Lifestyle drugs market revenue is expected to grow at a good growth rate, over the forecast period. The market is anticipated to perform well in the near future due to increasing awareness regarding various lifestyle drugs available in the market. Also the market is anticipated to grow with a fastest CAGR over the forecast period, attributed to increasing health and looks consciousness which in turn drives the revenue growth of life style drugs market. Increasing investment in R&D and increasing number of new product launches, collaborations, strategic tie-ups are the major factors estimated to drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Depending on geographic region, the Lifestyle Drugs market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is occupying the largest regional market share in the global lifestyle drugs market owing to the presence of more number of market players, high awareness levels regarding the use of various life style drugs. Increasing healthcare expenditure and relatively larger number of R&D exercises pertaining to product manufacturing and marketing activities in the region. Also Europe is expected to perform well in the near future due to increasing number of people opting for drugs to increase their aesthetic appeal which in turn drives the revenue growth of dermatology segment of lifestyle drugs market. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR because of increase in the prevalence of sexual disorders, also increase in the prevalence of baldness and premature aging drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Some of the key players of lifestyle drugs market includes Allergan, BMS, Eli Lilly, Galderma, Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Sanofi, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Johnson & Johnson etc. Many companies have entered lifestyle drugs market to target the untapped areas in the market. The companies in lifestyle drugs market are increasingly engaged in strategic partnerships, collaborations and promotional activities to capture a greater pie of market share as the market is in the nascent stage. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14158 The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14158 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Engine Heater Market 2017 Benefits, Key Market Plans, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments to 2022 Next PostNext Qubole Unveils First Autonomous Data Platform in the Cloud at Data Platforms 2017 Search Recent Posts Marapharm announces that one license has received final approval from the State of Nevada to cultivate and sell cannabis MSU researchers join government and business to outline food security challenges Vertical Farming Market Is Forecasted To Reach USD 9.9 Billion By 2025: Hexa Reports Marine Lubricants Market To Grow At A CAGR of 2.44% By 2021: Hexa Reports Heart Led Leadership Launches Nationwide Campaign to Impact Business Owners from Around the States Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Asthma Therapeutics Pipeline Analysis, 2017 – Clinical Trials & Results, Patent, Collaboration and Other Developments The pipeline for asthma therapeutics is expected to experience a positive trend in the future, the increase is mainly attributable to decreasing air quality. The prevalence of asthma is increasing globally due to the factors including environmental factors, genetic factors, air pollution, less physical activity and smoking. These factors contribute immensely in driving the pipeline analysis for asthma. According to World Health Organization, around 235 million people suffered from asthma, in 2013. Asthma related deaths occurs more commonly in low and lower middle income countries. Asthma is a very common disease and the treatment options available for the same are expensive. It has been also notes that the disease is more prevalent in women as compared to men. Explore Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/asthma-therapeut… Asthma is a chronic disease that involves inflammation of bronchial tubes. Bronchial tubes allow air to pass through the lungs and when the lungs get inflamed muscles tend to become stiff, resulting in various symptoms that might be experienced by the patient. The inflammation of bronchial tubes affects the air passage which results in the occurrence of symptoms including breath shortening, wheezing, coughing and chest congestion. These symptoms are usually very active during physical activities such as exercising, walking and running. People with family history of asthma have more chances to develop asthma. There is no cure of asthma, but various treatment options can help to improve the quality of life of patient. Along with the common symptoms of asthma, pattern of symptoms occurrence is also important during diagnosis. Patterns usually include during exercise, during particular season and morning or night. Asthma can be diagnosed by analysing the patient’s family history and certain breathing tests such as spirometry. Asthma cannot be cured but the disease can be dealt with its proper management. . There are certain marketed drugs that are used in the form of inhalation for managing asthma include inhaled corticosteroids, budesonide, mometasone, ciclesonide, flunisolide and beclomethasone. Request for Table of Content at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/asthma-therapeut… Some of the companies having a pipeline of asthma therapeutics include Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Novartis AG, Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A., GlaxoSmithKline plc, AstraZeneca plc, Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Mundipharma Research Limited, Actavis Inc., Sanofi, AbbVie, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Genentech, Inc., Rhizen Pharmaceuticals SA. Browse Other Related Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/pharmaceuticals About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Contact: Kundan Manager – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 Toll-free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada) Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Collapsing Star Gives Birth to a Black Hole Next PostNext Dreyfus Municipal Income, Inc. Semi-Annual Report Now Available Search Recent Posts Top Stand Up Desk Showcases Best Home and Office Stand Up Desks Perfect Log Cut Launches Hub for Log Splitter Reviews, Articles, and More Dapper Confidential Helps Men Choose the Best Fragrance A Wonderful Fundraising Gala and Auction by Dreamcatcher, Event Planners in Bay Area Cincinnati VAMC Seeks Stryker Acute Care Bed Sources Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Major Pharma Short Interest Surges By Chris Lange May 25, 2017 9:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet Pharmaceutical companies usually are involved in a lengthy process of getting their drug candidates to market through clinical trials. There is a fair amount of risk involved, should a study come back negative or a candidate not be approved. Conversely, if a drug gains FDA approval or passes a clinical trial, there can be big upside. The Trump administration has promised reforms in the health care sector, such as changing the bidding process for drugs and shortening the FDA approval process. It has yet to be seen how much headway the White House can actually make with these reforms, even after the House of Representatives vote on Trump’s repeal of Obamacare. Keep in mind that short sellers betting against big pharma are taking on an added risk. They have to pay out the ongoing high dividends on top of the cost of borrowing the shares. The May 15 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest moves in these selected pharmaceutical stocks were mostly upward. Short interest in Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) increased to 46.88 million shares from the previous 47.33 million. Its shares were last seen at $32.05, within a 52-week trading range of $29.83 to $37.39. The number of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares short jumped to 18.46 million from 15.07 million in the previous period. Its shares were trading at $64.93, in a 52-week range of $55.10 to $66.80. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.’s (NYSE: TEVA) short interest was not updated for this period. The previous level was 22.63 million. Shares were trading at $28.98, in a 52-week range of $28.06 to $56.46. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) short interest increased to 19.23 million shares, from the previous reading of 18.41 million. Shares were trading at $53.82, within a 52-week range of $46.01 to $77.12. The number of shares short in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) decreased to 30.33 million, compared to the previous 32.65 million. The stock was trading at $65.93, in a 52-week range of $55.06 to $68.12. Eli Lilly and Co.’s (NYSE: LLY) short interest decreased slightly to 10.03 million shares from the previous 10.76 million. The stock was trading at $77.96. The 52-week range is $64.18 to $86.72. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Akamai, Alexion, Altria, Chipotle, MEI Pharma, Netflix, PayPal and More Short Sellers Raise the Stakes in Major Biotechs » Read more: Healthcare Business, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, short interest, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Customer Service Hall of Shame The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Customer Service Hall of Fame Recent How Costco Beat Profit Estimates America’s Safest Cars Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Can MEI Pharma Rise Nearly 300%? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Deckers Projects Higher Profits for 2018 6 Ways to Increase Your 457 Contribution Activision Blizzard's "Overwatch" Continues to Kill It U.S. Atty Gen Sessions taking blocked travel ban to Supreme Court Costco fiscal Q3 EPS $1.59 Costco fiscal Q3 rev. up 8% to $28.22 billion, slightly below expectations Oil Down, Everything Else Up on the Day Costco (COST) Posts Q3 Earnings Beat, Total Comps Up 5% Ulta Beauty (ULTA) Crushes Q1 Earnings, E-Commerce Sales Jump 70.9% Trump, G7 peers seek deals on terrorism, trade, climate Asian shares mixed as oil's fall counters Wall Street gains Trump faces G7 squeeze on climate change, trade at Sicily summit Californian Sues Jelly Belly Over Sugar-Packed Jelly Beans Trump Reportedly Called Germans 'Very Bad,' Vowed To Stop German Car Sales In The U.S. Oops! Ivanka And Jared Failed To Disclose Their Million-Dollar Art Collection Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / DNA Vaccines Market Report Forecasts Healthy Growth by 2022 – Scalar Market Research DNA Vaccines Market Report Forecasts Healthy Growth by 2022 – Scalar Market Research Posted on May 25, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. New US study discovered, DNA Vaccines Market expected Healthy Growth by 2022 Chicago, IL — (SBWIRE) — 05/25/2017 — According to the new market research report, "DNA Vaccines Market, by Therapeutic Indications (Vector Borne Disease and Cancer), End-users (Humans and Animals), Types of Vaccines (Genetic Vaccines and Recombinant Protein Vaccines) – Global Revenue, Trends, Growth, Share, Size and Forecast to 2022", the global DNA vaccines market is expected to grow at a healthy CAGR during the forecast period. Request Sample for this Report: https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/request-sample.php?id=209 The global DNA vaccines market report offers in-depth analysis of the market size (revenue), market share, major market segments, different geographic regions, key players, premium trends and forecast to 2022. It also focuses on the key drivers and opportunities in this market. Enquiry Before Buying: https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/enquire-before-buy.php?id=209 Key findings of the report: 1.The advent of the strong, low cost vaccines with less side effects & easy applications is one of the major driving factors for the global DNA vaccines market. 2.The significant rise in the instances of various diseases and the growing demand from around the world, especially the emerging markets is a strong growth driver for the DNA vaccines market. 3.The rapid advancements in immunology, sub-atomic science, and DNA combinations are also some of the major drivers for the DNA vaccines market during the forecast period. North America to dominate the DNA vaccines market According to the report, the rapid technological advancements and the growth in the research and development activities in the North American region are expected to drive the market. The report suggests that North America will dominate the global DNA vaccines market based on the overall market share. Asia-Pacific, on the other hand, is set to witness the fastest growth during the forecast period. the rising demand due to the prevalence of various diseases is one of the major drivers for the market in this region. Browse Report & Table of Content: https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/market-reports/dna-vaccines-market The key players highlighted in the DNA vaccines market report include: 1.GlaxoSmithKline PLC 2.Serum Institute of India 3.Bharat Biotech 4.Indian Immunologicals Limited 5.Merck & Co. 6.Green Cross Corporation 7.Novartis AG 8.Sanofi 9.Protein Sciences Corporation 10.Zoetis, Inc. About Scalar Market Research Scalar Market Research, Inc., a U.S.-based market research and consulting firm, assists organizations from around the world to achieve their business goal with premium market research reports and consulting services. Our real-time industry tracking with the help of advanced analytics offers a crystal clear view of all the activities in niche markets. Our team, with thorough global understanding, works relentlessly to gather the necessary market insights, including customer analysis, competitions and global forecast. Find out more about our services at: www.scalarmarketresearch.com For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/dna-vaccines-market-report-forecasts-healthy-growth-by-2022-scalar-market-research-811579.htm Media Relations Contact George Molakal CEO Scalar Market Research Telephone: 800-213-5170 Email: Click to Email George Molakal Web: https://www.scalarmarketresearch.com/market-reports/dna-vaccines-market Latest News Operational Analytics Market Analysis, Future Growth, Business Prospects and Forecast to 2022 Polishing Market Report Predicts Impressive Growth by 2022 – Scalar Market Research Software as a Service (SaaS) Market Report Predicts High Growth by 2022 – Scalar Market Research DNA Vaccines Market Report Forecasts Healthy Growth by 2022 – Scalar Market Research Global Dietary Fiber Market Is Expected to Grow at a CAGR over 6.5% During 2017 to 2022 Ultra-High Performance Concrete (UHPC) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 Global Semiconductor Fabrication Software Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Food Packaging Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Wireless Smart Lighting Controls Market 2017 Global Trends, Market Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 Pumps for Oil & Gass Market 2017 Global Trends, Market Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Global Dengue Vaccine Market projecting revenue growth at a 17.4% CAGR, 2017-2027 Burdening occurrence of dengue fever across the Asia-Pacific region has prompted the demand for effective vaccines and medications to supress this viral malaise. While several pharmaceutical companies are striving to develop a cure for dengue, the fever’s incidence rate in Asia-Pacific is rising at an alarming rate. A recent report published by Future Market Insights predicts that in 2017, an estimated 70.3% of global dengue vaccines market will be dominated by Asia-Pacific. Through 2027, the region will continue to be the largest market for dengue vaccines, procuring a majority revenue share and projecting revenue growth at a 17.4% CAGR. Future Market Insights also observes Latin America as the second-largest market for dengue vaccines, and is expected to rake in US$ 288.7 Mn towards the end of 2027. The report, titled “Dengue Vaccines Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2017-2027,” expects that more and more pharmaceutical giants from across the globe will be partaking in the market’s growth in the years to come. Currently, the market is witnessing active participation of French drugmaker, Sanofi S.A., while vaccines being formulated by companies such as Biological E. Limited, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co. Inc., Vabiotech, Butantan Institute, and Panacea Biotech Ltd. are under multiple phases of development. Ask For Report Sample @ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1763 The report further reveals that government institutes will remain the largest end-users of dengue vaccines in the world. Through 2027, a little less than US$ 650 Mn worth of revenues is expected to arise from sales of dengue vaccines across government institutes. Meanwhile, hospitals will also dominate the market by registering a 17.3% revenue CAGR. The market, at present, will witness sales of the sole of vaccine, Dengvaxia, developed by Sanofi. Furthermore, factors shaping up the dynamics of global dengue vaccines market, also compiled in the report, are: Apart from the burdening outbreak of dengue in several countries, the economic turmoil in Latin America is projected to impact the global market’s growth at a macroeconomic level Live attenuated vaccines are being developed & produced economically, thereby comforting vaccine makers as well as patients However, lack of skilled professionals and unavailability of optimum diagnostic systems has given rise to cases where dengue fever is being treated as an undistinguished febrile disease The global market for dengue vaccines holds an opportunistic breakthrough when drugmakers will be able to successfully develop effective vaccines for all age group Ask For More Information @ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1763 On the long run, the global market for dengue vaccines, which is presently valued at close to US$ 250 Mn, will soar vigorously to rake in US$ 1,250.6 Mn revenues by the end of 2027. CategoriesGoogle News TagsDengue Vaccine Market, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Licorice Extract Market 2017 explores Magnasweet, ASEH, Zagros Licorice, Sepidan Osareh, F&C Licorice, Bokai and so on Next PostNext Global Disposable Cups Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 5.9%, 2016 -2026 Search Recent Posts Governor Haslam Memorializes Five Service Members How College Entrepreneurs Are Moving the World to a Better Place Hilton inaugure le tout premier Tru by Hilton – Son 5 000e établissement The Six Types of Flight Search Seekers Costco Wholesale Corporation Reports Third Quarter and Year-to-Date Operating Results for Fiscal Year 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021: Market is Expected to Benefit from the Growing Concern Over Food Safety - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 25 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The analysts forecast the global veterinary vaccines market to grow at a CAGR of 4.81% during the period 2017-2021. Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to benefit from the growing concern over food safety. The dependency on livestock products like meat, milk, and other products is increasing, and the mortality rate associated with infection transmission from animals to humans through these products is alarming. These factors are driving the vendors to invest in R&D to improve and expand their product portfolios, thereby driving the market growth. One trend in market is inorganic growth strategies. The animal care market has been witnessing an increase in strategic alliances and acquisitions among vendors. The vendors undertake inorganic growth strategies such as acquisitions and/or partnerships to expand their product portfolio and to improve their penetration in the emerging markets. According to the report, one driver in market is advances in technology. The advances in technology have improved the overall pharmacokinetics and dynamics of vaccines. The use of cell line culture in the manufacture of viral vaccinations has increased, which have improved the quality of vaccinations. For instance, GE Healthcare and Valneva have collaborated to produce optimized cell culture for vaccine production. The advances in the purification process of vaccination have improved the product quality and reduced the cost. The development of new ligands for affinity chromatography, like lectin-affinity chromatography for downstream processing of cell culture, helped Sigma-Aldrich derive the influenza A viruses. These advances in technology are adding to the vaccine sales globally. For instance, the launch of various mobile applications such as PocketVet and Pet First Aid, help the owners get reminders regarding vaccines, which increases the awareness and boosts the usage of vaccines. Key vendors Elanco Merck Merial Zoetis Other prominent vendors Advaxis AmpliPhi Biosciences Aratana Therapeutics ARKO Labs Bayer CanFel Therapeutics Ceva Animal Health Colorado Serum Company Epitopix Genus Hygieia Biological Laboratories ImmuCell Nexvet Nuovo Biologics UBI Valneva Vetoquinol Virbac Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Research Methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: An overview of major animal diseases Part 06: Market landscape Part 07: Market segmentation by technology Part 08: Geographical segmentation Part 09: Decision framework Part 10: Drivers and challenges Part 11: Market trends Part 12: Vendor landscape Part 13: Key vendor analysis Part 14: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wrns5s/global_veterinary Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-veterinary-vaccines-market-2017-2021-market-is-expected-to-benefit-from-the-growing-concern-over-food-safety---research-and-markets-300463818.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 25 May, 2017, 09:15 ET Preview: Digital Pathology Market to Reach $979 Million by 2025 - Rising Adoption of Rigorous Strategies by Market Players - Research and Markets 25 May, 2017, 08:32 ET Preview: Asia-Pacific Naphtha Demand Supply Analysis - Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 3% by 2026 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 25 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Eubiotics Market to Reach $9.4 Billion by 2025 - Growing Meat... 25 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Mesifurane Market to Reach $153.8 Million by 2025: Analysis By... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Veterinary Vaccines Market 2017-2021: Market is Expected to Benefit from the Growing Concern Over Food Safety - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 25 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,083 +70.53 +0.34% Nasdaq 6,205 +42.23 +0.69% S&P 500 2,415 +10.68 +0.44% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens lower by 0.2% to 12,601.63 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,326.26 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 2 points higher at 7,520.69 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 391.18 2:03 A.M. ET Nikkei slips below 20,000, Aussie stocks also fall on weak oil prices 1:35 A.M. ET Trump wants an investigation into leaks over Manchester terror attack 1:17 A.M. ET Republican Greg Gianforte wins Montana special election despite assault charge 12:56 A.M. ET Japan core consumer prices rise 0.3% in April 12:55 A.M. ET Jared Kushner will cooperate in probe over Russian interference in U.S. election 5/25 Updated Republican charged in assault on reporter leads in bellwether Montana congressional race 5/25 Updated Memorial Day Weekend is No. 1 for fatal traffic accidents 5/25 Updated The lower your self-esteem, the higher your credit card fees 5/25 Updated Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? 5/25 Updated Where do you get better deals — Costco or Amazon? 5/25 Updated Read this before jumping into a swimming pool this summer 5/25 Updated Eating chocolate may be good for your heart (and your relationship) 5/25 Nutanix spikes as bigger customers sign on to hybrid cloud 5/25 Updated 40 travel companies ask Trump not to reinstate Cuba travel restrictions 5/25 Breaking Jared Kushner named as focus in Russia probe: reports 5/25 Opinion How to find winners when the U.S. stock market is at a record Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Pharmaceutical Lifecycle Management Strategies in 2017 - Research and Markets By Published: May 25, 2017 4:39 a.m. ET Share DUBLIN, May 25, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Pharmaceutical Lifecycle Management Strategies in 2017" report to their offering. The report Pharmaceutical Lifecycle Management Strategies in 2017 provides a comprehensive assessment of product lifecycle (LCM) management strategies that are being implemented by pharmaceutical companies around the world. Important challenges include pricing pressures, rising development costs, stringent regulatory and reimbursement policies, declining R&D productivity and drug patent cliffs (the immediate decline in sales after the patent expiration). These issues, particularly the productivity gap, leave pharmaceutical companies exposed to generic and biosimilar competition, which can erode a significant percentage of their sales and market share within a short period of time. Companies risk losing up to 90% of the revenue of some of their biggest products to generic and biosimilar competition. Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Introduction to Pharmaceutical Lifecycle Management Strategies 3.1 The Pharmaceutical Product Lifecycle Curve 3.2 Key Objectives of Life Cycle Management Strategies in the 3.3 What is Driving the Need for Effective Lifecycle Management 3.4 Classification and Benefits of Different Lifecycle Management 3.5 Business Opportunities Created by LCM Strategies 3.6 Factors Impacting Choice of Lifecycle Strategies 4. Pharmaceutical Lifecycle Management - Commercial Strategies 4.1 Rx-to-OTC Switch as an LCM Strategy 4.2 Geographical Expansion 4.3 Contract Research Organizations Helping Overcome Industry Challenges 4.4 Pricing and Reimbursement Strategies for LCM in Pharma 4.5 Customer Retention Programs as LCM Strategies for Pharma 4.6 Asset Transactions as an LCM Tactic 5. Regulatory and Legal Strategies 5.1 Data Exclusivity 5.2 Orphan Drug Exclusivity 5.3 Pediatric exclusivity 6. Developmental Strategies 6.1 Introduction and Classification of Developmental Strategies 6.2 Indication Expansion 6.3 Reformulation 6.4 Combination Drugs 7. Successful LCM Strategies Employed by Big Pharma: Case Studies 7.1 Pfizer 7.2 AstraZeneca 7.3 Teva 7.4 AbbVie 7.5 Roche & GSK 7.6 Cipla 7.7 Unsuccessful Implementation of LCM Strategies: Case Study 8. Patent Expiry Dates of Bestselling Pharmaceuticals 2005-2016 9. Life Cycle Management Strategies of Pipeline Products 2017 9.1 Eisai 9.2 Merck & Co 9.3 Johnson & Johnson 9.4 Takeda 9.5 AbbVie 10. Bibliography For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/8g74cb/pharmaceutical View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170525005393/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Drug Discovery Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage The stock market should be more worried about the hard economic data The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic Did this not-safe-for-work internet sensation just signal a top in bitcoin? Most Popular Wall Street laughed at a call for bitcoin at $25,000—but after a 400% surge, the laughter is fading Republican charged in assault on reporter leads in bellwether Montana congressional race Where do you get better deals — Costco or Amazon? 16 energy stocks that company executives love, regardless of what OPEC does TSA Security Lines: Changes Coming at the Airport MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Technological Advancements & Global Outlook 2024 Tropical spastic paraparesis (TSP) also called as HTLV-1–associated myelopathy (HAM) is a type of tropical myeloneuropathies caused by the human T-lymphotrophic virus 1 (HTLV-1). Although initially described in tropical countries, TSP has also been found in temperate regions such as southern Japan. HTLV-1 virus belongs to the Retroviridae family, and preferentially infects CD4 lymphoid cells. The virus has been known to cause certain kinds of leukemia and lymphoma and is transmitted through exposure to infected blood, sexual contact, and use of illegal intravenous drugs. As the virus is also known to spread through breast milk, mothers infected with HTLV-1 virus must avoid breast feeding. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tropical-spastic-parap… According to an article published in the journal Frontiers in Microbiology in 2012, the HTLV-1 virus is prevalent in certain regions including the Southwestern part of Japan, sub-Saharan Africa and South America, the Caribbean area, and certain areas of Middle East and Australo-Melanesia. The study also estimates that 5 million to 10 million individuals have been affected globally with HTLV1 virus, however various other publications estimate the global prevalence of 10 million to 20 million. HTLV-1-associated myelopathy mostly affects the spinal cord, and results in an upper motor neurone syndrome, that usually affects lower limbs. Spastic paraparesis or paraplegia is the main characteristic of the infection. Tropical spastic paraparesis results in demyelination, inflammation and necrotic lesions in spinal cord. The progressive disease is associated with degeneration of neurons in the spinal cord, and results in gradual paralysis of the lower limbs. Other rare symptoms include optic atrophy, reduced ankle reflex and cranial nerve lesions. An article published in journal Revue Neurologique in 2012, more than 90% of the tropical spastic paraparesis cases, the neurological features involved urinary bladder disturbance, spasticity and/or hyperreflexia of the lower extremities, and lower extremity muscle weakness. Various immunoassay kits are available for diagnosis of HTLV-1 virus. Companies manufacturing such diagnostic kits include MP Biomedicals LLC, Fujirebio, Inc., Quest Diagnostics, DiaSorin S.p.A. Although the disease cannot be cured completely, medications are available for management of symptoms. Corticosteroids such as methylprednisolone are prescribed to decrease the inflammation of the spinal cord, while pain is treated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications. Symptoms of urinary dysfunction can be treated by prescribing darifenacin, oxybutynin, tamsulosin, terazosin, and other drugs which reduce the activity of bladder muscles. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) is currently conducting phase I clinical trials for Hu MiK-Beta-1. The investigational drug is monoclonal antibody directed toward IL-2/IL-15R-Beta Subunit which blocks IL-15 action. Washington University School of Medicine in association with Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. is also conducting phase II trials for Raltegravir. Make an Enquiry @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Various other institutes are also conducting research programs for discovering new and effective treatment options for Tropical spastic paraparesis. Scientists have also tried antiretroviral agents for treatment of HTLV-1 infections. Gradual progress in the research activities is expected to launch more treatment drugs and expand the market in the future. Due to low and restricted geographical prevalence of the disease, the market for tropical spastic paraparesis is small. Government initiative for increasing awareness of the disease and its available treatment may curb the spread of infections. Lack of sufficient information on geographical prevalence, and epidemiology has restricted the research activities. These factors will also be responsible for a slower global market growth. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Hydrogen Market to Spread a Predictable Worth of US$ 19.8 Billion by 2024 Next PostNext 2017-2021 3D Printing Software Market Forecast Report Search Recent Posts Carbon Dioxide Laser Therapeutic Devices Sales Industry 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Angiography Catheter Sales Industry Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Global Glycerin Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Aneurysm Coiling Device Sales Industry in United States Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Emulsifying Silicon Oil Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Report Up To 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market is Expected to Continue Flourishing in Developed and Developing Regions of World, 2022 Vitamin deficiency, also called as hypovitaminosis, is primarily caused by malnutrition. The rate of undernourishment is high in undeveloped and developing countries such as Africa, Vienna and some parts of South-East Asia. Vitamin deficiency can lead to various diseases such as vitamin D deficiency causes rickets, vitamin A deficiency leads to night blindness, Xerophthalmia whereas deficiency of vitamin B complex can give rise to disorders ranging from anemia, beriberi, cheilosis, pellagra to severe neuronal disorders. Vitamin deficiency is treated with tablets or capsules of vitamin supplements along with vitamin rich diet such as carrots, beef, fish, eggs, chicken, green leafy vegetables, c itric fruits etc. Severe cases of vitamin deficiency can also be treated by IV injections of vitamin supplements. Treatment with vitamin pills is most likely to be recommended along with home remedies such as exposure to early morning sunlight, diet regulation etc. The most commonly found deficiencies are that of vitamin A, B and D globally. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/9995 Undernourishment in the underdeveloped countries is the major driver of growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. High incidence of anemia, paraesthesia and other hypovitaminosis are the other major factors contributing to hike in global vitamin deficiency treatment market. Vitamin supplements are also used as an adjunct therapy in many disorders including alopecia, depression, ulcers etc., high prevalence of which can propel the growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. Unavailability of treatment opportunities in the underdeveloped countries can be the factor which can hamper growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. The global vitamin deficiency treatment market has been segmented on the basis of product type, retail sales channels and geography. Based on product type, the global vitamin deficiency treatment market is divided into following: OTC Multivitamin therapies, Single Vitamin therapies, Vitamin A Supplements, Vitamin B complex Supplements, Vitamin D supplements and Others (Vit C, Vit K etc) Based on retail sales channels, the global hyperpigmentation treatment market is divided into following: Pharmacy and drugstores, Hospital pharmacy, Online drug stores/email prescription stores, Hypermarkets and Supermarkets The global vitamin deficiency treatment market is highly fragmented with large number of local as well as strong players. The market for OTC multivitamin therapies is highly valued owing to the most frequent and easy mode of therapy to treat vitamin deficiency. Low government regulations, affordability of raw materials, rising health awareness are the factors responsible to drive the growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market over the forecast period from 2016-2026. Geographically, the global vitamin deficiency treatment market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America will continue to hold largest share in the global vitamin deficiency treatment market due to increasing health consciousness. APAC and MEA are expected to experience rapid growth during the forecast period due to emergence of new small players providing cost-effective therapies. Increasing per capita GDP in several countries like Africa, Brazil may translate into high growth rate for the vitamin deficiency treatment market in the region. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/9995 Some of the major players in the global vitamin deficiency treatment market include Merck & Co., Inc., Nature’s Bounty, Inc., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Pfizer, Sandoz, Cipla Inc., Mankind Pharma, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. and many more. Herbal vitamin therapy manufacturers include Himalaya Herbal Healthcare, Dabur International Limited, DF Pharmacy Limited, Pharmavite LLC and others About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Vitamin Deficiency, Vitamin Deficiency Treatment, Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trifold Packaging Market 2016-2023 Outlook Research Report Release By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Global Citral Market 2017 By Key Manufacturers: Jiangxi Xuesong, Kalpsutra Chemicals, Kuraray Search Recent Posts Carbon Dioxide Laser Therapeutic Devices Sales Industry 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Angiography Catheter Sales Industry Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Global Glycerin Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Aneurysm Coiling Device Sales Industry in United States Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Emulsifying Silicon Oil Market 2017 Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Report Up To 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market is Expected to Continue Flourishing in Developed and Developing Regions of World, 2022 Vitamin deficiency, also called as hypovitaminosis, is primarily caused by malnutrition. The rate of undernourishment is high in undeveloped and developing countries such as Africa, Vienna and some parts of South-East Asia. Vitamin deficiency can lead to various diseases such as vitamin D deficiency causes rickets, vitamin A deficiency leads to night blindness, Xerophthalmia whereas deficiency of vitamin B complex can give rise to disorders ranging from anemia, beriberi, cheilosis, pellagra to severe neuronal disorders. Vitamin deficiency is treated with tablets or capsules of vitamin supplements along with vitamin rich diet such as carrots, beef, fish, eggs, chicken, green leafy vegetables, c itric fruits etc. Severe cases of vitamin deficiency can also be treated by IV injections of vitamin supplements. Treatment with vitamin pills is most likely to be recommended along with home remedies such as exposure to early morning sunlight, diet regulation etc. The most commonly found deficiencies are that of vitamin A, B and D globally. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/9995 Undernourishment in the underdeveloped countries is the major driver of growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. High incidence of anemia, paraesthesia and other hypovitaminosis are the other major factors contributing to hike in global vitamin deficiency treatment market. Vitamin supplements are also used as an adjunct therapy in many disorders including alopecia, depression, ulcers etc., high prevalence of which can propel the growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. Unavailability of treatment opportunities in the underdeveloped countries can be the factor which can hamper growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. The global vitamin deficiency treatment market has been segmented on the basis of product type, retail sales channels and geography. Based on product type, the global vitamin deficiency treatment market is divided into following: OTC Multivitamin therapies, Single Vitamin therapies, Vitamin A Supplements, Vitamin B complex Supplements, Vitamin D supplements and Others (Vit C, Vit K etc) Based on retail sales channels, the global hyperpigmentation treatment market is divided into following: Pharmacy and drugstores, Hospital pharmacy, Online drug stores/email prescription stores, Hypermarkets and Supermarkets The global vitamin deficiency treatment market is highly fragmented with large number of local as well as strong players. The market for OTC multivitamin therapies is highly valued owing to the most frequent and easy mode of therapy to treat vitamin deficiency. Low government regulations, affordability of raw materials, rising health awareness are the factors responsible to drive the growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market over the forecast period from 2016-2026. Geographically, the global vitamin deficiency treatment market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America will continue to hold largest share in the global vitamin deficiency treatment market due to increasing health consciousness. APAC and MEA are expected to experience rapid growth during the forecast period due to emergence of new small players providing cost-effective therapies. Increasing per capita GDP in several countries like Africa, Brazil may translate into high growth rate for the vitamin deficiency treatment market in the region. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/9995 Some of the major players in the global vitamin deficiency treatment market include Merck & Co., Inc., Nature’s Bounty, Inc., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Pfizer, Sandoz, Cipla Inc., Mankind Pharma, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. and many more. Herbal vitamin therapy manufacturers include Himalaya Herbal Healthcare, Dabur International Limited, DF Pharmacy Limited, Pharmavite LLC and others About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Vitamin Deficiency, Vitamin Deficiency Treatment, Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trifold Packaging Market 2016-2023 Outlook Research Report Release By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext Global Citral Market 2017 By Key Manufacturers: Jiangxi Xuesong, Kalpsutra Chemicals, Kuraray Search Recent Posts Carbon Dioxide Laser Therapeutic Devices Sales Industry 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Angiography Catheter Sales Industry Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Global Glycerin Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Aneurysm Coiling Device Sales Industry in United States Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 North America Non-Volatile Dual In-Line Memory Module (NVDIMM) Market Analysis, Growth, Shares, Size, Trends, Types and Applications with Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Malignant Glioma Market : Global Market Snapshot by 2022 – Persistence Market Research Malignant glioma’s are one of the common sub-type of primary brain tumors which are highly invasive, aggressive and neurologically destructive tumors among the deadliest human cancers. Gliomas account for around 45% of primary brain tumors where children are less likely to develop the risk of gliomas. Gliomas arise from the glial cells or non-neuronal cells hence the name and the cells are supposed to provide support and protection for neurons in the central nervous system and peripheral nervous system. Gliomas are caused due to growing or invading into or creating pressure in nearby the normal brain tissues developing tumors in the brain and spinal cord. According to the grading by WHO (World Health Organization), the grade III tumors are malignant and lead to death within 12 to 24 months. Currently more than 60% of the clinical trials in gene therapy are focused on targeting cancer. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/10076 Cancer is one of the major and global health issue faced accounting for approximately 8 million deaths globally. Heredity, geography, exposure to electromagnetic radiation and gender are some factors responsible for most of the gliomas. There is no such population or geographies where the risks for malignant glioblastoma is less hence the treatment area is much wide and has large scope for future advancements. The factors which affect this market include the limitations of chemotherapy, approvals rate for various drugs and therapies by regulatory bodies and increasing population. Lifestyle changes is one of the leading factor to acceleration of this market and indulge companies to select promising novel treatments entering the clinical arena. Pharmaceutical companies have made significant contributions in the treatment of cancer since the past several decades along with increase in spending over cancer related R&D facilities. The market for cancer is steadily increasing due to advancements in the novel methods of treatment, product innovations and successful clinical trials conducted by pharmaceuticals. There are various activities carried out by the pharmaceuticals globally to overcome the technological challenges through mergers and acquisitions, funding and patents. Companies operating in oncology segments are pre-registering for, Pre-clinical, IND, Phase I, Phase II, Phase III. Depending on geographic region, malignant glioma is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. In the Malignant Glioma Market the largest market share is gained by the U.S. where there are large incidence and prevalence cases, followed by Europe where the major pharmaceuticals have their blockbuster drugs and include the major funding associations. It is observed in a survey that 1 in 2 men and 1 in 3 women which accounts for almost 40% of the population in U.S. are at a risk of developing cancer in the coming years. The drug development costs are overriding the costs of investments in R&D and yet there are comparatively less approved drugs which pass the Phase III trials. The developing countries as India and China have a higher scope by collaborating with the large pharmaceutical industry players and develop new drugs. To View TOC of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/10076 The companies which are the major players in the malignant glioma market are Sigma-Aldrich Co. LLC., Bristol-Myers Squibb, Genentech Inc. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Cipla Inc., Panacea Biotec., Zydus Cadila and Merck & Co., Inc. About Us  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a U.S.-based full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated research, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Consumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs. PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s engagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. Contact Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com  media@persistencemarketresearch.com  Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Venous Blood Collection Tube Sales Market Overview Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments 2022 Next PostNext Video Laparoscopes Sales Market Outlook Supply, Growth Rate By Application (2017-2022) And Manufacturers Profiles Search Recent Posts Kettlebells Market 2020; Competitive Analysis of Top Players in Market by its Types and Application World Blood Glucose Monitoring Devices Market 2017 CAGR 11.81% up to 2021: Attention on (Revenue, Industry Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast) International Domestic Safety Locker Market 2017-2021: Report Concentrate on (Top Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Types, Forecast) World High-Performance Electric Vehicle Market 2017 CAGR 37.63% up to 2021: Attention on (Revenue, Industry Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast) Laboratory Centrifuge Market Analysis and Prediction to 2020 by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Europe Veterinary Vaccines Market Is Poised To Reach $2540.82 Million By 2020 From $1993.64 Million In 2015 At A CAGR Of 4.97% Latest niche market research study on “Europe Veterinary Vaccines Market by Type, by Material, and by Application Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast 2020″ published at Orbisresearch.com Description: The Europe animal vaccines market is poised to reach $2540.82 Million by 2020 from $1993.64 Million in 2015, at a CAGR of 4.97% from 2015 to 2020. Vaccination protects animals from specific infectious diseases and may be carried out either routinely or potentially in an emergency. Vaccination of animals used for food can also help protect consumers against zoonotic pathogens such as salmonella. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/292959 . Veterinary vaccine market in Europe is as old as the concept itself and newest products are significantly available throughout the market. The farmers and animal husbandry owners seem well versed with the idea of animal vaccination. But the real test lies in the stringent guidelines for animal vaccines testing as per EU regulations. This prevents or at least hardens the route for new players to enter the market. Also the market has undergone considerable progress during the past few years with the growing usage of continuous cell lines as a substrate and embracing of the fermenter technology for antigen production. These vaccines are produced for administration by parenteral or oral routes depending on the vaccine characteristics. Growing prevalence of animal diseases, rising incidences of zoonotic diseases in humans; increasing investments by leading players, various government agencies and animal associations; continuous innovations, increasing awareness against the use of antimicrobials is driving the vaccine producers to invest significantly into development of new products. However, rising maintenance costs for the storage of vaccines, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet in major economies owing to increasing risk of obesity and other chronic diseases are key restraints of this market. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/292959 . The Europe veterinary vaccines market, based on production technologies, has been segmented as live attenuated vaccines, inactivated vaccines, recombinant vaccines, toxoid vaccines, subunit vaccines, DNA vaccines and conjugate vaccines. Further, based on Animal Type, it has been segmented into livestock and companion vaccines. The livestock vaccines segment contains five categories namely, bovine, porcine, ovine, poultry and equine. The bovine vaccines sub-segment accounted for the largest share (in terms of revenue), followed by porcine. The companion animal vaccines segment has also been further categorized into feline and canine vaccines. Similarly, the canine vaccines segment accounted for a slightly larger share (in terms of revenue) than the feline vaccines segment, due to higher average cost allied with canine vaccination. Furthermore, on the basis of geography, the European Market is analysed under various regions namely, UK, Spain, Italy, Germany and France. European region is leading the veterinary vaccine market in terms of consumption. Some of the key players influencing the market are Bayer HealthCare AG, Bioniche Animal Health Canada, Sanofi Animal Health, Inc., Biogenesis Bago SA, Heska Corporation, Indian Immunologicals Ltd., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Zoetis, Novartis Animal Heath, Inc., Merck & Co. Inc, and Protein Sciences. Market Segmentation 1 By Type 1.1 Livestock vaccines 1.1.1 Bovine 1.1.2 Porcine 1.1.3 Ovine 1.1.4 Poultry 1.1.5 Equine 1.2 Companion vaccines 1.2.1 Canine 1.2.2 Feline 2 Technology 2.1 Live attenuated vaccines 2.2 Inactivated vaccines 2.3 Recombinant vaccines 2.4 Toxoid vaccines 2.5 Subunit vaccines 2.6 DNA vaccines 2.7 Conjugate vaccines For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious North America Biostimulants Market Was Worth $0.53 Billion In 2016 And Estimated To Be Growing At A CAGR Of 10.45% To Reach $0.87 Billion By 2021 Next PostNext Bulk Terminals Market will Reach 3.2% CAGR through 2026 Search Recent Posts Extendicare Announces Voting Results from the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Board Changes Extendicare Announces Voting Results from the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Board Changes NMI Holdings, Inc. Executives to Speak at KBW Mortgage Finance & Asset Management Conference on June 1, 2017 Eurocontrol Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Eurocontrol Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pulmonary Drugs Market Research Report- Forecast to 2024 Global Pulmonary Drugs Market: Snapshot The global pulmonary drugs market has been the key area of focus and the most crucial market for the healthcare industry in the last couple of years. However, the market is expected to witness a significant decline over the forecast period with a -6.3% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. The market is anticipated to fall to US$28,082.1 mn from a valuation of US$48,039.7 mn in 2015. Keeping aside the tremendous fall of the global pulmonary drugs market, it has been expected that the market will find growth prospects from the growing number of respiratory diseases and the fact that they are becoming the leading cause of deaths across the globe at present, especially among the aged population. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Pulmonary Drugs Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… According to the Forum of International Respiratory Societies (FIRS), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease affects over 200 million people across the globe and is also one of the leading causes of death globally. On the other, over 235 million people across the globe suffer from asthma. Owing to these alarming statistics, the consumption of pulmonary drugs is likely to gain momentum, thus providing growth opportunities to the market in spite of the negative CAGR. Pulmonary drugs are also being employed for the treatment of conditions such as cystic fibrosis, respiration-related disorders, pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), and allergic rhinitis. The launch of many effective and innovative drugs in the global market for pulmonary drugs is also anticipated to have a positive impact on the growth of the market in the coming years. Medical Professionals to Prefer Combination Drugs among All Others Based on drug classes, the global market for pulmonary drugs is classified into combination drugs, anticholinergics, short acting beta2-agonists, vasodilators, antihistamines, long-acting beta2-agonists, and inhaled corticosteroids, and others such as antileukotrienes, antibiotics, enzymes, and monoclonal antibodies. Among these, the segment of combination drugs held the leading share of 27.4% in 2015 closely followed by inhaled corticosteroids with a share of 16.7% in the same year in the global pulmonary drugs market. The sales of combination drugs is likely to remain high throughout the forecast period as they are considered to be comparatively safer than the other drugs. Moreover, the advent of triple combination drugs is further projected to propel the growth of the global pulmonary drugs market over the course of the forecast period. Advent of Middle-income Classes to Catapult Demand in Asia Pacific Based on geography, the global market for pulmonary drugs has been classified into Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and Latin America. In 2015, North America led the global pulmonary drugs market with a share of 41% with Europe closely following with a share of 32.4% in the same year. The growing use of pulmonary drugs in these regions can be attributed to the advanced healthcare infrastructure coupled with high awareness regarding treatment of pulmonary diseases. However, the rise of middle-income classes and their growing expenditure on healthcare is expected to lift Asia Pacific as a prominent region in the global market. Some of the leading players in the market are Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Merck & Co., Inc, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline plc, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Bayer AG, Novartis AG, AstraZeneca plc, and Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Browse Global Strategic Business Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pulmonary-drugs-market… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OneMain Holdings, Inc. Announces Pricing of $500 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of Additional Senior Notes Next PostNext Audiovisual Creators Hail Stronger Rights for Directors and Screenwriters Search Recent Posts Carbon Dioxide Laser Therapeutic Devices Sales Industry 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Angiography Catheter Sales Industry Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Global Glycerin Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Aneurysm Coiling Device Sales Industry in United States Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 North America Non-Volatile Dual In-Line Memory Module (NVDIMM) Market Analysis, Growth, Shares, Size, Trends, Types and Applications with Forecast to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav H1 Fallopian Tube Cancer 2017 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends and Forecasts Description: Fallopian Tube Cancer – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology) pipeline landscape. Fallopian tube cancer is also called tubal cancer. It develops in the fallopian tubes, which serve as a connection between the ovaries and the uterus. It occurs very rarely. The common symptoms of fallopian tube cancer may include abnormal vaginal bleeding, especially after menopause, abdominal pain or a feeling of pressure in the abdomen, abnormal vaginal discharge that is white, clear or pinkish and a pelvic mass at the time of diagnosis, which is present in up to two-thirds of patients. Usually, cancer metastasizes from other parts of the body such as the ovaries or endometrium to the fallopian tubes. Fallopian tube cancer treatment depends on age, the desire to have children, type and stage of the tumor. It usually involves surgery followed by chemotherapy. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/289267 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Fallopian Tube Cancer – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Fallopian Tube Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Filing rejected/Withdrawn, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Unknown stages are 1, 2, 12, 55, 38, 11 and 1 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase I and Preclinical stages comprises 4 and 1 molecules, respectively. Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology) Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/fallopian-tube-cancer-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Fallopian Tube Cancer (Oncology) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/289267 . Companies Mentioned: AbbVie Inc Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Aduro BioTech Inc Advenchen Laboratories LLC Altor BioScience Corp Amgen Inc Arrien Pharmaceuticals LLC Astellas Pharma Inc Astex Pharmaceuticals Inc AstraZeneca Plc Atara Biotherapeutics Inc Bayer AG BeiGene Ltd Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Boston Biomedical Inc Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Celgene Corp Celldex Therapeutics Inc Celsion Corp Celyad SA Clovis Oncology Inc Critical Outcome Technologies Inc Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd Eisai Co Ltd Eli Lilly and Company EpiThany Inc Esperance Pharmaceuticals Inc Exelixis Inc F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Galena Biopharma Inc Gene Techno Science Co Ltd Genentech Inc Genor BioPharma Co Ltd Glycotope GmbH Gradalis Inc Ignyta Inc Immune Design Corp ImmunoGen Inc Immunovaccine Inc Incyte Corp Innate Pharma SA Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co Ltd Johnson & Johnson Juno Therapeutics Inc Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc Mabion SA MabVax Therapeutics Holdings Inc Mateon Therapeutics Inc MedImmune LLC Medivir AB Merck & Co Inc Merck KGaA Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc MolMed SpA Mycenax Biotech Inc NewLink Genetics Corp Novartis AG Novogen Ltd Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB OBI Pharma Inc Oncobiologics Inc Oncolix Inc Oncolytics Biotech Inc OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc Ono Pharmaceutical Co Ltd Oxford BioMedica Plc Pfizer Inc Pharma Mar SA PsiOxus Therapeutics Ltd Richter Gedeon Nyrt Samyang Holdings Corp Sanofi Sanofi Pasteur SA Sotio AS Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc TapImmune Inc Tyrogenex Inc Vascular Biogenics Ltd VentiRx Pharmaceuticals Inc Verastem Inc For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Paper Packaging Market | Outlook Analysis Report 2014-2021 Release By DecisionDatabases Next PostNext 2017 Inclusion Body Myositis (IBM) H1 Market Pipeline Review Size, Share, Analysis Report Search Recent Posts Synthetic Lubricant Market is Grow at CAGR of 3.2% by 2023 Pharmaceutical Packaging Market 2014-2021 Outlook Research Report Release By DecisionDatabases Survey shows preference for casual employment California Deluxe Windows Announces Grand Opening of Northern Cali Location Majestic Builders Redding Update Online Portfolio With Recently Completed Flagship Projects Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Oropharyngeal Cancer Market H1 2017 covering Companies illuminated by New Report Description: Oropharyngeal Cancer – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline landscape. Oropharyngeal cancer is a disease which malignant cells form in the tissue of oropharynx. Oropharynx is a middle part of the throat which includes the base of the tongue, the tonsils, the soft palate, and the walls of the pharynx. Oropharyngeal cancers can be divided into two types, HPV-positive, which are related to human papillomavirus infection, and HPV-negative cancers, which are usually linked to alcohol or tobacco use. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/289274 . Report Highlights Global Markets Direct’s Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Oropharyngeal Cancer – Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. The Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Oropharyngeal Cancer and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Phase III, Phase II, Phase I and Preclinical stages are 1, 4, 6 and 4 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase I stages comprises 1 molecules, respectively. Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from Global Markets Direct’s proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/oropharyngeal-cancer-pipeline-review-h1-2017 . Scope – The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology). – The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources. – The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. – The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities. – The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. – The pipeline guide evaluates Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. – The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects. – The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology) Reasons to buy – Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. – Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. – Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology). – Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. – Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. – Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. – Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Oropharyngeal Cancer (Oncology) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. – Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. – Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/289274 . Companies Mentioned: Advaxis Inc AstraZeneca Plc Cell Medica Ltd Celldex Therapeutics Inc Immunovaccine Inc ISA Pharmaceuticals BV Merck & Co Inc Pfizer Inc PNP Therapeutics Inc Tessa Therapeutics Pte Ltd For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Allergic Conjunctivitis H1 Market Pipeline Review Size, Share, Analysis Report Next PostNext Orbis Research : Head And Neck Cancer – Pipeline Review, Technologies & Forecasts Report H1 2017 Search Recent Posts Synthetic Lubricant Market is Grow at CAGR of 3.2% by 2023 Pharmaceutical Packaging Market 2014-2021 Outlook Research Report Release By DecisionDatabases Survey shows preference for casual employment California Deluxe Windows Announces Grand Opening of Northern Cali Location Majestic Builders Redding Update Online Portfolio With Recently Completed Flagship Projects Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 May 2017 by mangesh kanase Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2017 – 2021 Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market Research Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Industry for 2017-2021. Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years and discussion of the key vendors effective in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines globally. For further information on this report, please visit- http://www.marketreportsworld.com/10359473 The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. Following Companies Are Key Players of the Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market: Merck Brilliant Bio Pharma Indian Imumunologicals Biogénesis Bagó Boehringer Ingelheim Other Prominent Vendors of Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market Are: Bayer HealthCare Ceva Inovio Pharmaceuticals Plumbline Life Sciences SEPPIC One trend in market is increase in inorganic growth strategies. The market has been witnessing a trend of increased mergers and acquisitions, which will likely drive the market growth. Vendors are increasingly focusing on inorganic growth strategies to expand their presence and expertise in the market. In addition, such strategies will boost their growth and profitability in the market. These strategies will be beneficial for the new companies that aim to penetrate into the market quickly. For instance, in November 2016, Ceva announced the purchase of Hertape and Inova Biotecnologia. These are among the leading animal health companies in the world. The acquisition will enable Ceva to expand its portfolio of animal health products including FMD vaccine from Inova Biotecnologia. Also, in January 2017, Boehringer Ingelheim closed the deal to acquire Sanofi’s animal health business Merial, which is one of the leading producers of FMD vaccine. The acquisition of Merial allows Boehringer Ingelheim to become the second-largest animal health company worldwide. Ask Sample PDF of Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10359473   According to the report, one driver in market is increase in government initiatives. The increase in government initiatives is expected to propel the market growth. Government across various FMD endemic countries has been continuously pursuing plans to eradicate FMD by conducting various programs. It is also providing funds to foster R&D activities in the market. For instance, in July 2015, Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying & Fisheries, Government of India approved the implementation of Livestock Health and Disease Control (a centrally sponsored scheme) for the year 2015-2016. The scheme was the part of Union Budget 2015-2016 and considered the funding pattern to 50:50 between Centre and State. For the Foot and Mouth Disease Control Program, the government allocated $22.7 million fund. This program will be implemented in 351 districts in India. Funds under this program will be provided for procurement of FMD vaccines for various purposes including meeting vaccination cost, animal identification cards, and other logistical support. Also, in February 2016, the EU funded Zimbabwean government with $8.5 million aid for anthrax and FMD control. This fund will cover over a four-year period. In addition, in 2016, the FAO funded Technical Co-operation Project, which was valued at $850,000 to support FMD control in Zimbabwe. Such initiatives by the government as well as other agencies will help boost the R&D activities, thereby driving the growth in the market. Report also presents Geographical Segmentation analysis of Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market of Americas, APAC, EMEA region. For Any Query, Contact Our Expert @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10359473 Further, the report states that one challenge in market is increase in vaccine failures. There have been reports of vaccine failures regarding safety and efficacy in the prevention and treatment of FMD. This is expected to hinder the growth prospects, particularly in developing world. The alleged vaccine failures may also pose a threat to animals in Europe and North America. FMD virus can travel with infected livestock, which is believed to have been vaccinated but without any symptoms. FMD vaccine testing report (a research study of Indian Council of Agricultural Research) stated that vaccine samples taken from Indian Immunologicals, Intervet India, and Brilliant BioPharma had no desired emulsion stability and failed in sterility tests to meet standards and ethics of vaccine production. It also stated that there is a significant drawback with the testing laboratory’s procedures. This indicates that the recent FMD outbreaks in India were due to the poor quality of vaccines. This has further resulted in huge economic losses for farmers and livestock owners as a result of mortality of their animals and production losses in lactating animals. In addition, the companies such as Intervet is using enrofloxacin instead of thimerosal for preservation. However, enrofloxacin is an antibiotic licensed only for therapeutic use, and therapeutic use of this drug is not recommended in animals and food-producing animals. Such issues would hamper the market growth. Key questions answered in Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines market report: What will the Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines market? What are the challenges to Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines market growth? Who are the key vendors in Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? No of Pages: 70 Get Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10359473 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsFoot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Industry, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Industry forecast, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Industry growth, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Industry shares, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Industry Size, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market Analysis, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market Growth, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market shares, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market Size, Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccines Market Trends, Healthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electronic Bronchoscope Market Size, Top Manufactures, Market Trends, Market Growth, Industry Analysis & Forecast: 2021 Next PostNext Commercial Aircraft Avionic Systems Market Research Report: Latest Review, Current Trends and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Hayden Chiropractic Treats Back Pain in Knox County Back In Line Chiropractic in Dallas GA Now Offering Cold Laser Therapy Batson Chiropractic Group in Nashville TN Now Offers Acupuncture to Patients Update on cluster of Coronavirus cases in Castle Peak Hospital Jockey Club Yan Oi Tong Swimming Pool temporarily closed Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
