Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck More Than a Mother Media Recognition Awards Call For Applications “We have established this award in partnership with Africa Fertility Society to showcase and appreciate outstanding health journalism and to recognize individual professional journalists and students who have produced accurate, informative, and compelling stories about infertile women or couples,” emphasized Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare and President of ‘Merck More than a Mother’.  The stories targeted are those of infertile women sharing their suffering and abuse by their husbands, families or communities due to their condition. It is very critical to share these stories with the public to build advocacy of the need to change such behavior and break the stigma around infertility in general. It also will provide a platform for those who have sought treatment to advise others on the journey and support those undergoing infertility treatments. The stories submitted should be in a form of articles with photos, or three to five minute videos recorded using smart devices. Visit our website to see example of the videos and different articles about infertile women, men and couples: www.MerckMoreThanAMother.com. The Awards will honor and reward outstanding journalistic coverage that enhances the public’s engagement and understanding of infertility stigma and the need to change the social perception of it in African communities. Prize Award (see multimedia content here: http://APO.af/uXYra6). Who can apply? The Award is open to print, video broadcast, photo journalists and media students whose stories appear in newspapers, websites, blogs and television and that target the public. Categories Submission will be judged and recipients selected based on the following categories: Print and Online Newspapers or magazines Online (blogs and/or social media) Broadcast Television Online (blogs and /or social media) Photos Newspaper or magazines Online(blogs and /or social media) Judging Panel The judging panel consists of experts from diverse professional backgrounds including journalists, communications experts and media managers. Eligibility The story must have been published any time before 30th  AUGUST 2017 Links to the stories must be submitted before the dead line. Plagiarism of any kind will lead to automatic disqualification Photo entries will only be limited to 2 photographs per journalist/student. Applicants should be East African journalists and registered media students in East Africa. Deadline Deadline for submission of the stories and photos is 31st AUGUST 2017. Application Process Applicants Name, Sex, Age, Media House or Institution (for students), Country and Contacts must be provided with the submission. Applications can be submitted via MyStory@MerckMoreThanAMother.com.  Watch videos below on the stories of women’s suffering as a result of the infertility stigma. Health and Social Facts  Inability to have a child or to conceive can result in being greatly ostracized, isolated, disinherited or assaulted. This may lead to denial of access to family traditions, divorce or physical and psychological abuse. The social stigma of childlessness especially for infertile women still leads to isolation and stigmatization in many cultures. While it’s estimated that about 50% of infertility cases are caused by male factors, women are left to solely carry the burden of blame. Together we can create a Culture Shift ‘Merck More than a Mother’ Campaign  is very important for Africa, as it is well known that the consequences of infertility are much more dramatic in developing countries and can create more wide ranging social and cultural problems compared to western societies, particularly for women. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ Campaign aims to empower infertile women through access to information, health, change of mind set and economic empowerment.  The Awards The Merck More than a Mother Media Recognition Awards is an initiative by Merck, the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company; to raise awareness about the critical role the media can play in breaking the stigma around infertility. It also aims to change the culture of discrimination and abuse of infertile women while educating the public about infertility prevention, management and male infertility. In addition, the campaign aims to encourage men to discuss their infertility condition openly, support their wives through the journey of testing and treatment.  Fertility is a Shared Responsibility. Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World Hydraulic Excavator Market 2017-2021: Report Concentrate on (Top Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Types, Forecast) Next PostNext May 17 Press Briefing with co-hosts of the African Air Chiefs Symposium 2017 Search Recent Posts Customers Avail of Exclusive Deals on Bathroom Products and Supplies on the JT Spas Website Probiotic Strains Market in United States Analysis and Growth Forecast by Regions, Type and Application to 2021 RTX Chooses Brother Wolf Animal Rescue as Quarter 1 Charity of Choice MATTESON PARTNERS FORGES A BRAND NEW PARTNERSHIP WITH ATLANTA 365 AD AGENCY Charter to Participate in MoffettNathanson Media & Communications Summit RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Technology Will Incyte Shine Under Oncology Spotlight With Dow's Merck, Bristol? Incyte's epacadostat, a cancer treatment, faces an uphill battle vs. Merck and Bristol. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) ALLISON GATLIN 5/15/2017 Reprints Incyte's (INCY) immuno-oncology partnerships with Dow component Merck (MRK) and Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) will grab the spotlight at the American Association of Clinical Oncology meeting next month in Chicago, an analyst said Monday. But Leerink analyst Michael Schmidt said Incyte's epacadostat, a cancer treatment, is facing an uphill battle when used as a combination with Merck's Keytruda and Bristol's Opdivo. Epacadostat is what's known as an IDO inhibitor, which blocks an interaction between the immune system and tumor cells. Keytruda and Opdivo are what's known as PD-1 inhibitors. They block a different interaction to help the immune system "see" the cancer. Bristol-Myers has already shown combining Opdivo and Yervoy, a CTLA-4 inhibitor, to be potent in treating melanoma. Physicians generally expect adding Incyte's epacadostat to Merck's Keytruda and Bristol's Opdivo to offer an improvement over those drugs as therapies by themselves. But "the general view has been that meeting or exceeding anti-CTLA-4/PD-1-like synergies represents a very high bar for an immuno-oncology combination in development," Schmidt wrote in a note to clients. Merck, a member of the Dow Jones industrial average, teamed up with Incyte in a number of tumor trials. At the conference, Merck and Incyte will present data from combination trials in tests to treat cancer of the lung, breast, kidney, bladder, head and neck, as well as solid tumors. Bristol is set to unveil the results of a trial of Opdivo and epacadostat in advanced solid tumors. In April, Incyte and Bristol announced they would advance epacadostat and Opdivo in several registration trials in 2017 including lung cancer and head and neck cancer. IBD'S TAKE: The immuno-oncology market could be worth $25 billion in 2025, an analyst told Investor's Business Daily. And it's still expanding. Visit IBD's Technology page for a breakdown of who is — and could — compete in the race. Schmidt estimates epacadostat is worth $32, or 28%, of Incyte's stock price. On the stock market today, Incyte stock rose 1.9% to 117.35. Bristol stock lifted 0.1% to 55.10, as Merck stock sank 0.1% to 63.51. "We think 10%-15% downside is plausible if epacadostat data disappoint investors," he wrote. "Conversely, we see 10%-15% upside if data surprise on the upside following the recent pullback." He has a 134 price target on Incyte stock based on a bullish outlook for epacadostat — which is also being tested with drugs from AstraZeneca (AZN) and Roche (RHHBY) — and assumes $2.7 billion in peak epacadostat sales in 2030. RELATED: Is Bristol Prepping To Outdo Itself In Immuno-Oncology? Bristol 'Can't Afford To Lose' To Dow Stock Merck In Immuno-Oncology Will Bristol Prove This Longtime Theory In Cancer Defense? ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news AstraZeneca shares were up fractionally Monday after a 9.2% jump on Friday. (AstraZeneca) AstraZeneca Has Opportunity In Lung Cancer Treatment Vs. Dow's Merck 5/15/2017 AstraZeneca will have a "sizable market opportunity" in advanced lung cancer including some potential off-label use in earlier-stage patients, an... 5/15/2017 AstraZeneca will have a "sizable market opportunity" in advanced lung... Biotech And Pharma Industry And Stock News AstraZeneca Shares Jump On Cancer Trial That Rivals Dow's Merck Can Dow's Merck Hang On To Edge In Lung Cancer Treatment? Stock Indexes Skid; Microsoft Down On Margin Guidance Stocks Open Lower; Caterpillar, Merck Lead Upside Snap Is Losing Facebook Clone War; This Dow Drug Stock Nears Buy Why Roche's Cancer Failure Might Tank Bristol, Pfizer — But Not Merck Tesaro Gets A Jump In Ovarian Cancer As Rivalries Heat Up Today's Spotlight Spring Stock Guide MarketSmith Spring Stock Guide is here! This edition shares investing success stories from veteran users. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Austin (6/3) or Boston (6/10) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Get Leaderboard Find winning stocks faster with Leaderboard. Get our proprietary stock analysis today. More News This Top Software Stock Is Breaking Out; 3 Others Are In Buy Range Despite their reputation for being disinterested in investing, younger generations have started to invest in mutual funds at earlier median ages than older generations have. (©stakhov/stock.adobe.com) Why Many Millennials' Retirement Savings Will Be More Than Twice Baby Boomers' All-New Pricing from TradeStation. Open an Account Today. Promoted Content By TradeStation Special Report Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Build your watch list and action plan with a look at stocks set to report. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › New Drugs › FDA Approves Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab) as First-Line Combination Therapy for Patients with Metastatic Nonsquamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), Irrespective of PD-L1 Expression Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts FDA Approves Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab) as First-Line Combination Therapy for Patients with Metastatic Nonsquamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), Irrespective of PD-L1 Expression Tweet KENILWORTH, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE) May 10, 2017 --Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Keytruda (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in combination with pemetrexed (brand name Alimta®) and carboplatin (pem/carbo), a commonly used chemotherapy regimen, for the first-line treatment of metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 expression. Under the FDA’s accelerated approval regulations, this indication is approved based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival (PFS). Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. The approval was based on data from KEYNOTE-021, Cohort G1, in 123 previously untreated patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations and irrespective of PD-L1 expression. In this trial, Keytruda + pem/carbo demonstrated an objective response rate (ORR) that was nearly double the ORR of pem/carbo alone (55 percent [95% CI: 42, 68] compared to 29 percent [95% CI: 18, 41], respectively; all responses were partial responses). Among patients who received Keytruda + pem/carbo, 93 percent had a duration of response of six months or more (range 1.4+ to 13.0+ months) compared to 81 percent who received pem/carbo alone (range 1.4+ to 15.2+ months). In addition, findings demonstrated an improvement in PFS (HR 0.53 [95% CI, 0.31-0.91; p=0.0205]), with a median PFS of 13.0 months (95% CI, 8.3-not estimable) for patients treated with Keytruda + pem/carbo compared to 8.9 months (95% CI, 4.4-10.3) with pem/carbo alone. Immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred with Keytruda including pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, and nephritis. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, Keytruda should be withheld or discontinued and corticosteroids administered when appropriate. Keytruda can also cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions; for Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue Keytruda (pembrolizumab). Based on its mechanism of action, Keytruda can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Female patients of reproductive potential should be advised of the potential hazard to a fetus. For more information regarding immune-mediated and infusion-related adverse reactions and use in pregnancy, see “Selected Important Safety Information” below. “The improved responses seen with the Keytruda plus pemetrexed/carboplatin regimen are significant, and highlight the importance of finding new approaches that address the unmet needs of patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer,” said Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, president, Merck Research Laboratories. “Today’s approval further supports our commitment to improve the lives of people with cancer.” “This approval marks an important milestone in the treatment of lung cancer. Now, pembrolizumab in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin can be prescribed in the first-line setting for patients with metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer, irrespective of PD-L1 expression,” said Dr. Corey Langer, director of thoracic oncology and professor of medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. “Physicians should continue to use each patient’s individual characteristics – including biomarker status, histology, and other clinical factors – to determine the best treatment plan for each person.” The combination therapy indication makes Keytruda an option for more patients. Keytruda is the only anti-PD-1 approved in the first-line setting as both monotherapy and combination therapy for appropriate patients with metastatic NSCLC. Keytruda is approved as monotherapy in the first-line setting for patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score [TPS] ≥50%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. Keytruda as monotherapy is also indicated for the second-line or greater treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving Keytruda. “The combination of this immunotherapy with pemetrexed and carboplatin is more good news for patients,” said Bonnie J. Addario, a lung cancer survivor and founder of the Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation. “Congratulations to Merck and the FDA for moving so swiftly on this important addition to our patients’ options for treatment. With this approval, hope for lung cancer patients continues to improve.” Data Supporting the Approval The efficacy of Keytruda (pembrolizumab) was investigated in patients enrolled in the open-label, multicenter, multi-cohort KEYNOTE-021 study; the efficacy data are limited to patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC randomized within the single cohort (Cohort G1). The KEYNOTE-021G1 trial was conducted in collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company, the maker of pemetrexed. The key eligibility criteria for this cohort were locally advanced or metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, regardless of tumor PD-L1 expression status, and no prior systemic treatment for metastatic disease. Patients with autoimmune disease that required systemic therapy within two years of treatment; a medical condition that required immunosuppression; or who had received more than 30 Gy of thoracic radiation within the prior 26 weeks were ineligible. Patients in KEYNOTE-021G1 were randomized to receive Keytruda + pem/carbo (n=60) or pem/carbo alone (n=63). Patients in the Keytruda combination arm received Keytruda (200 mg), pemetrexed (500 mg/m2), and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) every three weeks for four cycles followed by Keytruda every three weeks. In the control arm, patients received pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) and carboplatin (AUC 5 mg/mL/min) alone for four cycles. At the investigator’s discretion, maintenance pemetrexed (500 mg/m2) every three weeks was permitted in both treatment arms. Treatment with Keytruda continued until Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) 1.1-defined progression of disease as determined by blinded independent central review (BICR), unacceptable toxicity, or a maximum of 24 months. Administration of Keytruda was permitted beyond RECIST-defined disease progression if the patient was clinically stable and deriving clinical benefit as determined by the investigator. The major efficacy outcome measure was ORR as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1. Additional efficacy outcome measures were PFS as assessed by BICR using RECIST 1.1, duration of response, and overall survival (OS). Findings from this cohort demonstrated an ORR with Keytruda + pem/carbo of 55 percent (95% CI: 42, 68) compared to 29 percent (95% CI: 18, 41) for pem/carbo alone. KEYTRUDA in this combination also reduced the risk of disease progression or death by 47 percent (HR, 0.53 [95% CI, 0.31, 0.91]; p=0.0205). Exploratory analyses found similar results in patients with or without PD-L1 expression, with an ORR in patients whose tumors did not express PD-L1 (TPS <1%) of 57 percent with KEYTRUDA + pem/carbo compared to 13.0 percent with pem/carbo alone; in patients with PD-L1 TPS ≥1%, the ORR was 54 percent with Keytruda + pem/carbo compared to 38 percent with pem/carbo alone. In the KEYNOTE-021G1 trial, safety was evaluated in 59 patients who received Keytruda (pembrolizumab) + pem/carbo and 62 patients who received pem/carbo alone. KEYNOTE-021 was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for Keytruda plus chemotherapy, as compared to chemotherapy alone. Keytruda was discontinued for adverse reactions in 10 percent of patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of Keytruda (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of Keytruda occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%). When administering Keytruda in combination with pem/carbo, Keytruda should be administered first prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. In metastatic NSCLC, Keytruda is approved at a fixed dose of 200 mg administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression; pemetrexed and carboplatin should be administered according to their FDA-approved labels. About Keytruda (pembrolizumab) Injection Keytruda is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. Keytruda is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of Keytruda – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 450 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The Keytruda clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with Keytruda, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 450 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck Access Program for Keytruda At Merck, we are committed to supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines. Merck provides multiple programs to help ensure that appropriate patients who are prescribed Keytruda (pembrolizumab) have access to our anti-PD-1 therapy. The Merck Access Program provides reimbursement support for patients receiving Keytruda, including information to help with out-of-pocket costs and co-pay assistance for eligible patients. Merck also offers free product through our patient assistance program to eligible patients, primarily the uninsured, who, without our assistance, could not afford their medicine. More information is available by calling 1-855-257-3932 or visiting www.merckaccessprogram-keytruda.com. About Merck’s Patient Support Program for Keytruda Merck is committed to helping provide patients and their caregivers support throughout their treatment with KEYTRUDA. The KEY+YOU Patient Support Program provides a range of resources and services. For further information and to sign up, patients and physicians may call 85-KEYTRUDA (855-398-7832) or visit www.keytruda.com. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world - including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer's disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Source: Merck Posted: May 2017 Related Articles: FDA Approves Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL) - March 15, 2017 FDA Approves Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for First-Line Treatment of Certain Patients with Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer - October 24, 2016 FDA Approves Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for Patients with Recurrent or Metastatic Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma - August 5, 2016 FDA Approves Expanded Indication for Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for the Treatment of Patients with Advanced Melanoma - December 18, 2015 FDA Approves Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer - October 2, 2015 FDA Approves Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for Advanced Melanoma - September 4, 2014 Merck to Present New Data in Five Tumor Types from Studies Evaluating Pembrolizumab - September 2, 2014 Merck’s Investigational Anti-PD-1 Antibody, Pembrolizumab, Under Regulatory Review in Europe for Advanced Melanoma - June 30, 2014 Keytruda (pembrolizumab) FDA Approval History More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Drug Shortages Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Drug Status Availability Rx Prescription only Pregnancy Category D Positive evidence of risk CSA Schedule N Not a controlled drug Approval History Calendar Drug history at FDA Close Recently Approved Radicava Radicava (edaravone) is a free radical scavenger that relieves the effects of oxidative stress, a... Imfinzi Imfinzi (durvalumab) is an investigational anti-PD-L1 (programmed death ligand-1) human monoclonal... Tymlos Tymlos (abaloparatide) is a synthetic peptide analog of hPTHrP (human parathyroid hormone-related... Alunbrig Alunbrig (brigatinib) is an anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitor for the treatment of... More Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated May 1st, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated May 3rd, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated May 2nd, 2017) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on GooglePlus Email to a friend Hide
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck More Than a Mother Media Recognition Awards Call For Applications KAMPALA, Uganda, May 15, 2017/APO/ — “We have established this award in partnership with Africa Fertility Society to showcase and appreciate outstanding health journalism and to recognize individual professional journalists and students who have produced accurate, informative, and compelling stories about infertile women or couples,” emphasized Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare and President of ‘Merck More than a Mother’.  The stories targeted are those of infertile women sharing their suffering and abuse by their husbands, families or communities due to their condition. It is very critical to share these stories with the public to build advocacy of the need to change such behavior and break the stigma around infertility in general. It also will provide a platform for those who have sought treatment to advise others on the journey and support those undergoing infertility treatments. The stories submitted should be in a form of articles with photos, or three to five minute videos recorded using smart devices. Visit our website to see example of the videos and different articles about infertile women, men and couples: www.MerckMoreThanAMother.com. The Awards will honor and reward outstanding journalistic coverage that enhances the public’s engagement and understanding of infertility stigma and the need to change the social perception of it in African communities. Prize Award (see multimedia content here: http://APO.af/uXYra6). Who can apply? The Award is open to print, video broadcast, photo journalists and media students whose stories appear in newspapers, websites, blogs and television and that target the public. Categories Submission will be judged and recipients selected based on the following categories: Print and Online Newspapers or magazines Online (blogs and/or social media) Broadcast Television Online (blogs and /or social media) Photos Newspaper or magazines Online(blogs and /or social media) Judging Panel The judging panel consists of experts from diverse professional backgrounds including journalists, communications experts and media managers. Eligibility The story must have been published any time before 30th  AUGUST 2017 Links to the stories must be submitted before the dead line. Plagiarism of any kind will lead to automatic disqualification Photo entries will only be limited to 2 photographs per journalist/student. Applicants should be East African journalists and registered media students in East Africa. Deadline Deadline for submission of the stories and photos is 31st AUGUST 2017. Application Process Applicants Name, Sex, Age, Media House or Institution (for students), Country and Contacts must be provided with the submission. Applications can be submitted via MyStory@MerckMoreThanAMother.com.  Watch videos below on the stories of women’s suffering as a result of the infertility stigma. Health and Social Facts  Inability to have a child or to conceive can result in being greatly ostracized, isolated, disinherited or assaulted. This may lead to denial of access to family traditions, divorce or physical and psychological abuse. The social stigma of childlessness especially for infertile women still leads to isolation and stigmatization in many cultures. While it’s estimated that about 50% of infertility cases are caused by male factors, women are left to solely carry the burden of blame. Together we can create a Culture Shift ‘Merck More than a Mother’ Campaign  is very important for Africa, as it is well known that the consequences of infertility are much more dramatic in developing countries and can create more wide ranging social and cultural problems compared to western societies, particularly for women. ‘Merck More than a Mother’ Campaign aims to empower infertile women through access to information, health, change of mind set and economic empowerment.  The Awards The Merck More than a Mother Media Recognition Awards is an initiative by Merck, the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company; to raise awareness about the critical role the media can play in breaking the stigma around infertility. It also aims to change the culture of discrimination and abuse of infertile women while educating the public about infertility prevention, management and male infertility. In addition, the campaign aims to encourage men to discuss their infertility condition openly, support their wives through the journey of testing and treatment.  Fertility is a Shared Responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAfrica,Business,Education,Health,Pharmaceutical,Women,MBC,SMS Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Therapeutics Clinical Trials On Acute Sensorineural Hearing Loss: Global Review, H1, 2017 Next PostNext SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation Search Recent Posts Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 North America Hydrotalcite Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Russian missile cruiser arrives in Singapore Military & Defense May 16, 8:34 Russian businessman sues AP for libel Russian Politics & Diplomacy May 16, 7:29 Russia on solid winning streak at 2017 IIHF World Championship as it blanks Latvia 5-0 Sport May 15, 23:49 Merkel says Germany, France plan to closely cooperate in critical times World May 15, 21:30 Russian Foreign Ministry: Georgia continues provocations undermining normalization efforts Russian Politics & Diplomacy May 15, 21:11 Court rejects complaint against termination of proceedings in St. Isaac’s Cathedral case Society & Culture May 15, 20:12 Russia receives ‘Fan-ID’ applications for 2017 Confederations Cup from over 100 countries Sport May 15, 19:54 First armored army in west Russia receives modernized T-72B3 tanks Military & Defense May 15, 19:26 Russia’s legendary Kruzenshtern windjammer calls at Norway’s Larvik port World May 15, 18:21 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 16.05.2017 15.05.2017 14.05.2017 13.05.2017 12.05.2017 11.05.2017 10.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Merck Launches Industry's First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes Press Releases May 15, 15:05 UTC+3 Share 1 pages in this article DARMSTADT, Germany, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/. Merck, a leading science and technology company, today took a significant step toward increasing manufacturing flexibility and enabling higher productivity with the launch of the EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium. This first off-the-shelf, high-density cell culture media supports perfusion processes at low perfusion rates, increasing production yield and speed to clinic. Biomanufacturers are moving toward perfusion processes, the next generation in manufacturing, as they seek to cut costs while increasing quality and efficiency. Perfusion processes, however, require a new type of medium. Merck's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets "next-gen" manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes. "This launch is a major milestone on the road to truly enabling next generation processing," said Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. "The benefits of perfusion technology include increased cost efficiency, decreased risk and enhanced manufacturing flexibility—ultimately advancing our customers' production capabilities and increasing access to therapies for people worldwide." A benefit of perfusion processing is higher protein yields, compared with fed-batch, which has been the primary mammalian cell cultivation mode for biopharma manufacturing over the past few decades. Perfusion technology is compatible with small portable plants and can be used with many drug types over a range of production scales. Merck's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium is the most recent addition to the company's EX-CELL® Advanced™ product line, which offers increased performance, streamlines regulatory compliance and provides the supply chain security needed in today's evolving biopharmaceutical environment. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of €15 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Info - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511597/Merck_Next_Gen_Stats_Infographic.jpg Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511424/Perfusion.jpg CONTACT: Karen Tiano +49 6151 72 44461     {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News May 16, 7:29 Russian businessman sues AP for libel May 16, 7:29 May 16, 8:34 Russian missile cruiser arrives in Singapore May 16, 8:34 May 15, 23:49 Russia on solid winning streak at 2017 IIHF World Championship as it blanks Latvia 5-0 May 15, 23:49 May 15, 21:30 Merkel says Germany, France plan to closely cooperate in critical times May 15, 21:30 In other media Реклама Photo 2 To those who fought through the fiery miles of the Arctic seas 2 Latest Seiko Boutique Opens in Frankfurt 2 Yiwu Imported Commodities Fair 2015 Ends in Success With $193 Million in New Business Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Russia’s state defense order in 2015 Chinese Lunar Exploration Program Russia’s Angara A5 heavy-load space carrier rocket Most read Now Today This week 1 Russian missile cruiser arrives in Singapore 2 Russian military to perform observation flight over UK 3 Russia is developing artificial intelligence for military and civilian drones 4 First armored army in west Russia receives modernized T-72B3 tanks 5 Beijing and Moscow to pour roughly $15 bln into developing Far East 6 Russia not the one to be afraid of anything — Putin 7 Russia - Islamic World strategic vision group to have conference in Grozny 1 Russia not the one to be afraid of anything — Putin 2 First armored army in west Russia receives modernized T-72B3 tanks 3 Russia is developing advanced medium class drone 4 Russian Foreign Ministry: Georgia continues provocations undermining normalization efforts 5 Russian military to perform observation flight over UK 6 Putin approves Russian economic security strategy until 2030 7 Putin: Russia will actively participate in One Belt, One Road project 1 Trump and Lavrov meeting round-up 2 TASS photographer calls on US journalists to preserve dignity 3 Russia not the one to be afraid of anything — Putin 4 Russian diplomat reproaches US media for heavy bias during Lavrov’s visit to US 5 Russian missile warning systems tracked North Korea’s missile launch 6 Putin says 'no force ever existed to conquer Russian people' 7 Kremlin comments on Trump’s decision to sack FBI chief TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Launches Industry’s First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes – Increases manufacturing flexibility – Exceptional performance and consistency required for high-density perfusion cell culture processes Merck is enabling perfusion processes and increasing manufacturing flexibility for its customers. This infographic shows “next gen” stats and trends and describes the company’s new, industry- first off-the-shelf EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium Merck’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets “next-gen” manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes DARMSTADT, Germany, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Merck, a leading science and technology company, today took a significant step toward increasing manufacturing flexibility and enabling higher productivity with the launch of the EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium. This first off-the-shelf, high-density cell culture media supports perfusion processes at low perfusion rates, increasing production yield and speed to clinic. Biomanufacturers are moving toward perfusion processes, the next generation in manufacturing, as they seek to cut costs while increasing quality and efficiency. Perfusion processes, however, require a new type of medium. Merck’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets „next-gen” manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes. „This launch is a major milestone on the road to truly enabling next generation processing,” said Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. „The benefits of perfusion technology include increased cost efficiency, decreased risk and enhanced manufacturing flexibility—ultimately advancing our customers’ production capabilities and increasing access to therapies for people worldwide.” A benefit of perfusion processing is higher protein yields, compared with fed-batch, which has been the primary mammalian cell cultivation mode for biopharma manufacturing over the past few decades. Perfusion technology is compatible with small portable plants and can be used with many drug types over a range of production scales. Merck’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium is the most recent addition to the company’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ product line, which offers increased performance, streamlines regulatory compliance and provides the supply chain security needed in today’s evolving biopharmaceutical environment. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of €15 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Info – http://serwer1790916.home.pl/autoinstalator/wordpress1/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/mma.prnewswire.comMerck_Next_Gen_Stats_Info-041ef973bb2779c00bcc0707b500450ca0f54964-4.jpg Photo – http://serwer1790916.home.pl/autoinstalator/wordpress1/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/mma.prnewswire.comPerfusion-a242a2747bc946d068fde3f1f22b8c442ef1b247-4.jpg SOURCE Merck CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Airborne Wireless Network Provides Update on Proof of Concept Three-Point Aircraft Testing Next PostNext Forklift Trucks Market to Approach US$ 55.9 Billion by 2021 Search Recent Posts Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 North America Hydrotalcite Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Merck Launches Industry's First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes Merck Launches Industry's First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes maandag 15 mei 2017 14:02 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire - Increases manufacturing flexibility - Exceptional performance and consistency required for high-density perfusion cell culture processes DARMSTADT, Germany, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/index.html], a leading science and technology company, today took a significant step toward increasing manufacturing flexibility and enabling higher productivity with the launch of the EX-CELL(® )Advanced(TM) HD Perfusion Medium. This first off-the-shelf, high-density cell culture media supports perfusion processes at low perfusion rates, increasing production yield and speed to clinic. https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511597/Merck_Next_Gen_Stats_Infographic.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511597/Merck_Next_Gen_Stats_Infographic.jpg] Biomanufacturers are moving toward perfusion processes, the next generation in manufacturing, as they seek to cut costs while increasing quality and efficiency. Perfusion processes, however, require a new type of medium. Merck's EX-CELL(® )Advanced(TM) HD Perfusion Medium meets "next-gen" manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes. "This launch is a major milestone on the road to truly enabling next generation processing," said Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/products/life_science/life_science.html]. "The benefits of perfusion technology include increased cost efficiency, decreased risk and enhanced manufacturing flexibility--ultimately advancing our customers' production capabilities and increasing access to therapies for people worldwide." A benefit of perfusion processing is higher protein yields, compared with fed-batch, which has been the primary mammalian cell cultivation mode for biopharma manufacturing over the past few decades. Perfusion technology is compatible with small portable plants and can be used with many drug types over a range of production scales. Merck's EX-CELL(®) Advanced(TM) HD Perfusion Medium is the most recent addition to the company's EX-CELL(®) Advanced(TM) [http://www.sigmaaldrich.com/safc/bioprocess/cho-performance.html] product line, which offers increased performance, streamlines regulatory compliance and provides the supply chain security needed in today's evolving biopharmaceutical environment. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe [http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe] to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR15 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511424/Perfusion.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511424/Perfusion.jpg] Info - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511597/Merck_Next_Gen_Stats_Infographic.jpg [https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511597/Merck_Next_Gen_Stats_Infographic.jpg] Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511424/Perfusion.jpg [http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511424/Perfusion.jpg] CONTACT: Karen Tiano +49 6151 72 44461 PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Pharming Announces Refinancing of its Existing Debt by a Single US$100 Million Debt Facility on Improved Commercial Terms dinsdag 16 mei 2017 07:01 Park Place Technologies Acquires UK-based Prestige Systems maandag 15 mei 2017 23:20 Airborne Wireless Network geeft update op driepuntstests met vliegtuigen als bewijs van concept maandag 15 mei 2017 19:42 AutoMobility LA(TM) Accepteert Inzendingen voor de '2017 Top Ten Automotive Startups(TM)'-wedstrijd maandag 15 mei 2017 17:01 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Expect Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Will Post Earnings of $0.87 Per Share $2.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for M&T Bank Co. (MTB) This Quarter Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Shares Sold by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc (ZTO) Shares Bought by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Position Maintained by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Stake Held by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Shares Bought by Strs Ohio Strs Ohio Sells 2,700 Shares of Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE) Strs Ohio Cuts Position in Tech Data Corp (TECD) Strs Ohio Cuts Stake in Parkway Inc (PKY) Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Shares Sold by Strs Ohio Kenneth Asbury Sells 25,050 Shares of CACI International Inc (CACI) Stock Valentin Gapontsev Trust I Sells 23,800 Shares of IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Stock Fortress Transprtn and Infr Investrs LLC (FTAI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 16th Computer Programs & Systems, Inc. (CPSI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 16th National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.22 on June 1st Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates $152.00 Price Target for Incyte Co. (INCY) JD.Com Inc (JD) PT Raised to $40.00 at Cowen and Company Everbridge’s (EVBG) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Wedbush Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Will Post Earnings of $0.87 Per Share May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages forecast that Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) will post earnings per share (EPS) of $0.87 for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have issued estimates for Merck & Co.’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.83 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.93. Merck & Co. posted earnings of $0.93 per share in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year-over-year growth rate of 6.5%. The firm is expected to report its next earnings results before the market opens on Friday, July 28th. On average, analysts expect that Merck & Co. will report full year earnings of $3.84 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.80 to $3.88. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the business will report earnings of $4.21 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $4.00 to $4.73. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that that provide coverage for Merck & Co.. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.05. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The company had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.89 EPS. Merck & Co.’s revenue was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their target price on Merck & Co. from $74.00 to $76.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday. BMO Capital Markets lifted their target price on Merck & Co. from $68.00 to $70.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $70.00 target price (up from $68.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research raised Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $72.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a $51.00 target price on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Monday, May 8th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the stock. Merck & Co. has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $68.49. In other news, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total transaction of $317,700.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 14,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $909,702.18. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 1.2% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 3,845,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $239,966,000 after buying an additional 45,000 shares in the last quarter. Leavell Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 2.6% in the third quarter. Leavell Investment Management Inc. now owns 79,247 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,946,000 after buying an additional 1,977 shares in the last quarter. Integrated Wealth Management increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 1.2% in the third quarter. Integrated Wealth Management now owns 30,334 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,893,000 after buying an additional 370 shares in the last quarter. Train Babcock Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 1.8% in the third quarter. Train Babcock Advisors LLC now owns 12,324 shares of the company’s stock valued at $769,000 after buying an additional 220 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Moreno Evelyn V increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 233.7% in the third quarter. Moreno Evelyn V now owns 126,551 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,334,000 after buying an additional 88,625 shares in the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks: Brokerages Expect Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Will Post Earnings of $0.87 Per Share” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/zacks-brokerages-expect-merck-co-inc-mrk-will-post-earnings-of-0-87-per-share.html. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.57 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $174.54 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.52 and a beta of 0.79. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $63.08 and a 200-day moving average price of $62.60. Merck & Co. has a 12-month low of $53.59 and a 12-month high of $66.80. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Merck & Co. (MRK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Launches Industry’s First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes - Increases manufacturing flexibility - Exceptional performance and consistency required for high-density perfusion cell culture processes DARMSTADT, Germany, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today took a significant step toward increasing manufacturing flexibility and enabling higher productivity with the launch of the EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium. This first off-the-shelf, high-density cell culture media supports perfusion processes at low perfusion rates, increasing production yield and speed to clinic.   Biomanufacturers are moving toward perfusion processes, the next generation in manufacturing, as they seek to cut costs while increasing quality and efficiency. Perfusion processes, however, require a new type of medium. Merck's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets "next-gen" manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes. "This launch is a major milestone on the road to truly enabling next generation processing," said Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. "The benefits of perfusion technology include increased cost efficiency, decreased risk and enhanced manufacturing flexibility -- ultimately advancing our customers' production capabilities and increasing access to therapies for people worldwide." A benefit of perfusion processing is higher protein yields, compared with fed-batch, which has been the primary mammalian cell cultivation mode for biopharma manufacturing over the past few decades. Perfusion technology is compatible with small portable plants and can be used with many drug types over a range of production scales. Merck's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium is the most recent addition to the company's EX-CELL® Advanced™ product line, which offers increased performance, streamlines regulatory compliance and provides the supply chain security needed in today's evolving biopharmaceutical environment. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life -- from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of EUR15 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Info - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511597/Merck_Next_Gen_Stats_Infographic.jpg Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511424/Perfusion.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Chemical, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, New Products/Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Wheel Bearings Conjunctivitis Drugs Market 2017 – Positive long-term growth outlook 2021 Next PostNext Industrial Gloves Market is expected to raise Remarkable Growth of USD 9,798 million by 2022 Search Recent Posts Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 North America Hydrotalcite Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Merck Launches Industry's First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes News provided by Merck 15 May, 2017, 13:00 BST Share this article - Increases manufacturing flexibility - Exceptional performance and consistency required for high-density perfusion cell culture processes Merck is enabling perfusion processes and increasing manufacturing flexibility for its customers. This infographic shows “next gen” stats and trends and describes the company’s new, industry- first off-the-shelf EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium Merck’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets “next-gen” manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes DARMSTADT, Germany, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today took a significant step toward increasing manufacturing flexibility and enabling higher productivity with the launch of the EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium. This first off-the-shelf, high-density cell culture media supports perfusion processes at low perfusion rates, increasing production yield and speed to clinic. Biomanufacturers are moving toward perfusion processes, the next generation in manufacturing, as they seek to cut costs while increasing quality and efficiency. Perfusion processes, however, require a new type of medium. Merck's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets "next-gen" manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes. "This launch is a major milestone on the road to truly enabling next generation processing," said Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. "The benefits of perfusion technology include increased cost efficiency, decreased risk and enhanced manufacturing flexibility—ultimately advancing our customers' production capabilities and increasing access to therapies for people worldwide." A benefit of perfusion processing is higher protein yields, compared with fed-batch, which has been the primary mammalian cell cultivation mode for biopharma manufacturing over the past few decades. Perfusion technology is compatible with small portable plants and can be used with many drug types over a range of production scales. Merck's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium is the most recent addition to the company's EX-CELL® Advanced™ product line, which offers increased performance, streamlines regulatory compliance and provides the supply chain security needed in today's evolving biopharmaceutical environment. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of €15 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Info - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511597/Merck_Next_Gen_Stats_Infographic.jpg Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/511424/Perfusion.jpg   SOURCE Merck 12 May, 2017, 13:00 BST Preview: Merck Opens First Joint Bioprocess Scale-up Lab with Stelis Biopharma in India My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 12 May, 2017, 13:00 BSTMerck Opens First Joint Bioprocess Scale-up Lab with Stelis... 10 May, 2017, 14:15 BSTEuropean Commission Grants Approval for Merck's New Pergoveris®... Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Chemical New Products & Services You just read: Merck Launches Industry's First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes News provided by Merck 15 May, 2017, 13:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bank of Montreal Can Cuts Stake in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Bank of Montreal Can Sells 3,207 Shares of American Woodmark Co. (AMWD) National Pension Service Has $120.413 Million Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) National Pension Service Has $114.783 Million Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Capstone Asset Management Co. Acquires 40 Shares of Office Depot Inc (ODP) The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Has $24 Million Stake in Kirby Co. (KEX) Carroll Financial Associates Inc. Has $723,000 Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) First National Bank of Omaha Has $13.093 Million Position in Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Xylem Inc (XYL) Earns Buy Rating from CIBC Yelp Inc (YELP) PT Lowered to $32.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research IsoRay, Inc. (ISR) PT Set at $3.00 by Maxim Group United States Steel Co. (X) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Longbow Research Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Has $3.289 Million Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) Creative Planning Has $101,000 Stake in Methanex Co. (MEOH) Facebook Inc (FB) Stake Boosted by Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC Has $8.047 Million Stake in General Electric Company (GE) Northstar Group Inc. Lowers Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC National Pension Service Has $114.783 Million Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet National Pension Service boosted its position in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 0.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,809,033 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 9,751 shares during the period. National Pension Service’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $114,783,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. JT Stratford LLC purchased a new position in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $2,394,000. Amtrust Financial Services Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $1,006,000. Burney Co. boosted its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 16.9% in the fourth quarter. Burney Co. now owns 27,515 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,620,000 after buying an additional 3,972 shares in the last quarter. Smith Salley & Associates boosted its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Smith Salley & Associates now owns 94,193 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,545,000 after buying an additional 359 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential PLC boosted its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 16.1% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 3,785,156 shares of the company’s stock worth $222,832,000 after buying an additional 524,839 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.10% of the company’s stock. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.57 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $174.54 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 40.52 and a beta of 0.79. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $63.08 and a 200-day moving average of $62.60. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 12 month low of $53.59 and a 12 month high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.05. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The business had revenue of $9.43 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.89 EPS. Merck & Co.’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.84 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/national-pension-service-has-114-783-million-position-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. MRK has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Sanford C. Bernstein restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on shares of Merck & Co. from $74.00 to $76.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday. Vetr upgraded shares of Merck & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $59.51 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, January 19th. BMO Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and set a $70.00 price objective (down previously from $72.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Leerink Swann restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Monday, March 20th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $68.49. In other Merck & Co. news, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total transaction of $317,700.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 14,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $909,702.18. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is owned by insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 26 C Lagos Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Breaking FAAN Commences Screening of Inbound Int’l Flights Following Ebola Outbreak in DRC FAAN Commences Screening of Inbound Int’l Flights Following Ebola Outbreak in DRC May 16, 2017 1 856 FAAN • To extend screening to domestic flights • WHO confirms second case in C’African country Senator Iroegbu and Kasim Sumaina in Abuja with agency report Following the outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) on Monday said that it has commenced screening of every inbound flight into the country, especially those from Central African countries and the rest of the world. THISDAY checks revealed that the screening of passengers began on Sunday, in order to avert a repeat of the 2014 scenario when a Liberian national infected with the Ebola virus flew into the country undetected, resulting in the infection of 20 persons and nine deaths. According to the acting General Manager, Corporate Affairs, Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), Henrietta Yakubu, “We have started the screening of passengers coming into the country. The move is to prevent any unforeseen circumstances. “The moment they arrive, we give them forms to fill. Before then, they go through the thermal scanner being installed by the Port Health Services.” Yakubu explained that if FAAN is not vigilant, it won’t be able to detect possible carriers of the disease and “you won’t know that they are there”. “The moment you pass through and your temperature is more than 38 degrees, you will be pulled aside and handed over to health personnel for further checks,” she said. She disclosed that with the assistance of the Port Help Services and the Federal Ministry of Health, the screening of passengers would be extended to the domestic wings of all airports in the country. But as Nigeria stepped up screening at entry points into the country, WHO on Monday confirmed that a second Ebola case had been detected in the DRC. “So far, there are 19 suspected cases, including three deaths and two lab-confirmed cases,” a WHO spokesperson in Geneva said via e-mail. The first case was confirmed on Friday in Bas-Uele province in the north-east of the country. WHO has said the outbreak appears to be limited to that remote area, and that there was no need for travel restrictions for the time being. The Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, a continent-wide mechanism set up to monitor disease outbreaks, said it had activated its emergency operational centre to monitor the situation in DRC, reported the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN). The Central African country has suffered seven previous outbreaks of Ebola since the virus was discovered in the country in 1976. The last outbreak in 2014 left 49 people dead. The haemorrhagic fever has been most detrimental in West Africa, where it claimed more than 11,000 lives in 2014 to 2015. WHO declared Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries that had been most effected by the epidemic, free of Ebola in 2016. GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, after WHO confirmed a fatal case in Congo. The vaccine, known as “rVSV-ZEBOV”, was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published in December 2016. On December 23, 2016, an experimental Ebola vaccine was highly protective against the deadly virus in a major trial in Guinea, according to results published in The Lancet. The vaccine is the first to prevent infection from one of the most lethal known pathogens, and the findings add weight to early trial results published in 2016. The vaccine was studied in a trial involving 11,841 people in Guinea in 2015. Among the 5,837 people who received the vaccine, no Ebola cases were recorded 10 days or more after vaccination. In comparison, there were 23 cases 10 days or more after vaccination among those who did not receive the vaccine. The trial was led by WHO, together with Guinea’s Ministry of Health, Medecins sans Frontieres and the Norwegian Institute of Public Health, in collaboration with other international partners. “While these compelling results is coming too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa’s Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenceless,” said Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny, WHO’s Assistant Director-General for Health Systems and Innovation, and the study’s lead author. The vaccine’s manufacturer, Merck, Sharpe & Dohme, this year received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and PRIME status from the European Medicines Agency, enabling faster regulatory review of the vaccine once it is submitted. Since Ebola virus was first identified in 1976, sporadic outbreaks have been reported in Africa. The 2013–2016 West African Ebola outbreak, which resulted in more than 11,300 deaths, highlighted the need for a vaccine. The trial took place in the coastal region of Basse-Guinée, the area of Guinea still experiencing new Ebola cases when the trial started in 2015. The trial used an innovative design, a so-called “ring vaccination” approach, the same method used to eradicate small pox. When a new Ebola case was diagnosed, the research team traced all people who may have been in contact with that case within the previous three weeks, such as people who lived in the same household, were visited by the patient, or were in close contact with the patient, their clothes or linen, as well as certain “contacts of contacts”. A total of 117 clusters (or “rings”) were identified, each made up of an average of 80 people. Meanwhile, the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) has called on the federal government to prepare a strong response to the recent outbreak of the virus in the DRC. The NMA in a statement issued on Monday by its President, Dr. Mike Ogirima, and National Secretary, Yusuf Tanko Sununu, called for vigilance, saying the recent outbreak of Ebola in the DRC was another major setback for the world. According to the medical body, “The devastation brought by the last outbreak still remains fresh in our minds,” noting that “West Africa was the worst affected with more than 11,000 deaths recorded in the Ebola outbreak in 2014-2015, mainly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. “Efforts by the Government of Federal Republic of Nigeria have been acclaimed as one of the best moments the country demonstrated – that where there is political will, success is assured. “The role of our fallen heroes especially the late Dr. Stella Adadevoh in the control of the spread of the disease is not only worth remembering but reminds us of the need to make sacrifices for our country.” Against this backdrop, NMA called on the federal government to remain vigilant, strengthen its response team, borders and other international routes of entry surveillance. The association said it was ready to partner with the Ministry of Health to achieve another resounding success in the prevention and control of this fresh outbreak. “We also wish to call on all health teams to refresh their knowledge on the clinical presentation of Ebola, apply universal basic precautions in patients’ care and use the standard protocols of management and reporting of suspected cases. “The NMA also wishes to call on Nigerians not to panic and to cooperate with government in securing our nation, especially during surveillance at entry points if the need arises,” the body said. The NMA also assured all Nigerians of the readiness of its members to do more to safeguard the health of the nation. TAGS alert Previous articleAnother Five Persons Killed in Fulani, Villagers Clash in Niger Next articleKano Emirate Council Probe Almost Completed, Says State Anti-graft Agency Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Breaking FG Brainstorms on Modalities for Funding 2017 Budget Breaking Oil Rises Above $52 as Saudis, Russians Back Longer Supply Cut Nigeria Saraki: EFCC, ICPC Engaging in Public Spectacle in Anti-Corruption Fight D a n g o t e-C e m e n t This is ťo ìnform thè general republic that Ďäñgoťé3x cement ïs nøw sôld díréct fròm thè fäctory for #1400 per bäg and #300 tó delìver per bäg,indìvìdual càn ořdér a mìñimum of 1OObägs, trailer load of 6OObàgs,träiler load of 900bägs trailer lòad of 14OObägs and abõvé contäct thé sälès Mr Ojekere on (0706538/3208) or assìstant säleś mänäger Mrs Märy on (0813206/6217) for ïnfo.. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/57fe8db4a87be8d6a8e1e07c256cc05b998dda3457d53afa4e760f557c0b1c55.jpg 990,550FansLike 754,072FollowersFollow Latest News FG Brainstorms on Modalities for Funding 2017 Budget May 16, 2017 Oil Rises Above $52 as Saudis, Russians Back Longer Supply Cut May 16, 2017 Saraki: EFCC, ICPC Engaging in Public Spectacle in Anti-Corruption Fight May 16, 2017 Kano Emirate Council Probe Almost Completed, Says State Anti-graft Agency May 16, 2017 FAAN Commences Screening of Inbound Int’l Flights Following Ebola Outbreak in... May 16, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Monday 15th May 2017 May 16, 2017 0 Recent Comments Daniel Obior on FG Brainstorms on Modalities for Funding 2017 Budget Daniel Obior on NNPC: Oil Exploration to Begin in Lake Chad Basin in Six Months muazu wali on Legislator Decries Sharia Court’s Involvement in Forcible Marriage of Christian Girl Omooba Adekunle Orafidiya on Naira Gains as CBN Floods Market with $457.3m tunaik on FG Brainstorms on Modalities for Funding 2017 Budget MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 466 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST FG Brainstorms on Modalities for Funding 2017 Budget May 16, 2017 Oil Rises Above $52 as Saudis, Russians Back Longer Supply Cut May 16, 2017 Saraki: EFCC, ICPC Engaging in Public Spectacle in Anti-Corruption Fight May 16, 2017 Kano Emirate Council Probe Almost Completed, Says State Anti-graft Agency May 16, 2017 FAAN Commences Screening of Inbound Int’l Flights Following Ebola Outbreak in... May 16, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 466 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN YOUTH EDUCATION AFRICA Search Realnews Magazine POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN YOUTH EDUCATION AFRICA 27 C Lagos Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Home About Us Vision & Mission Contact Us Home Award Merck “More Than a Mother” Media Recognition Awards – Call For Applications Award Merck “More Than a Mother” Media Recognition Awards – Call For Applications May 15, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter THE Awards will honour and reward outstanding journalistic coverage that enhances the public’s engagement and understanding of infertility stigma and the need to change the social perception of it in African communities. “We have established this award in partnership with Africa Fertility Society to showcase and appreciate outstanding health journalism and to recognize individual professional journalists and students who have produced accurate, informative, and compelling stories about infertile women or couples,” Rasha Kelej, chief social officer of Merck Healthcare and President of ‘Merck More than a Mother’, said. The stories targeted are those of infertile women sharing their suffering and abuse by their husbands, families or communities due to their condition. It is very critical to share these stories with the public to build advocacy of the need to change such behavior and break the stigma around infertility in general. It also will provide a platform for those who have sought treatment to advise others on the journey and support those undergoing infertility treatments. The stories submitted should be in a form of articles with photos, or three to five minute videos recorded using smart devices. Visit our website to see example of the videos and different articles about infertile women, men and couples: www.MerckMoreThanAMother.com. The Awards will honor and reward outstanding journalistic coverage that enhances the public’s engagement and understanding of infertility stigma and the need to change the social perception of it in African communities. — May 15, 2017 @ 21:10 GMT SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleInfrastructure Summit Calls for Bolder Action from Private Sector Next articleLagos Urges Residents to Embrace Citizen’s Gate publisher LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter your comment! Please enter your name here You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Just Posted Lagos Urges Residents to Embrace Citizen’s Gate May 15, 2017 Merck “More Than a Mother” Media Recognition Awards – Call For... May 15, 2017 Infrastructure Summit Calls for Bolder Action from Private Sector May 15, 2017 Suspects in Assassination Attempt on Melaye Get Bail May 15, 2017 N4.9bn Fraud: EFCC Re-Arraigns Fani-Kayode, Others Before New Judge May 15, 2017 Popular posts Civil Servant Sentenced to Life Imprisonment for Raping Minor The Many Risks of Slimming Tea Access Bank, Ecobank, Sterling, Zenith win Deutsche Bank excellence award Buhari Is Alive, Well – Presidency APC Chieftain Sues El-Rufai for N500m for Demolishing His Property Aniochaoshimili Draws up Economic Blueprint for Development of Delta State NNPC Chief Executives Sign Performance Bond with Baru APC Chieftain Sues El-Rufai for N500m for Demolishing His Property House of Reps Passes 2017 Budget of N7. 44 trillion JAMB Advises Candidates to Check E-mails, CBT Centres for UTME Notifications Home About Us Vision & Mission Contact Us © 2017, Realnews Magazine | All Rights Reserved | Site Design: Zero-One
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Animal Parasiticides Market Opportunities And Analysis Of Top Key Player Forecasts To 2023 Some of the key players operating in the animal parasiticides market are Ceva Sante Animale S.A., Vétoquinol S.A., Virbac SA in France, Bayer Aktiengesellschaft in Germany, Novartis AG in Switzerland, Merial Limited, Eli Lilly and Company, Zoetis Inc. and Merck & Co., Inc. in U.S. The demand for animal parasiticides is growing due to the increasing awareness of zoonatic diseases. With the rising concern towards animal welfare is one of the major reasons behind the growing popularity of animal parasiticides. The market has been segmented by products into ectoparasiticides, endoparasiticides, endectocides, tablets, oral liquids, sprays, injectables, spot on and pour on, ear tags, collars. Furthermore, the market is also segmented by animal types such as Cats, Pigs, Dogs, Cattle, Sheep and Goats. The market by geography has been segmented into Europe, Asia Pacific, North America and Rest of the World (RoW). View Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/animal-parasiticides-m… Spot-ons and pour-ons accounted the largest market share of the global animal parasiticides market in 2014. The growth in this segment can be attributed to rising popularity and use of spot-on and pour-on formulations in animal parasiticides market. Furthermore, growing demand for ectoparasites for food-producing animals and companion animals’ is also expected to stimulate the growth of the market. Availability of wide array of parasiticides product by major players, rising demand for animal-based food and animal protein are some of the driving factors for the animal parasiticides market. In addition, rising animal welfare awareness is increasing the adaption of animals such as dogs and cats among others. Increasing livestock farming as a source of income in developing nations are fueling the demand for animal parasiticides. However, there are some of the restraining factors may hinder the growth of the market in near future such as stringent rules and regulations of authoritative bodies in use of parasiticides in food- producing animals in some of the countries. Moreover, time consuming and expensive procedures of new product development are some of the restraining factors for the market. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Animal Parasiticides Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Europe is leading the market for animal parasiticides followed by North America, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World. In developed nations, implementation of animal welfare acts is one of the major driving factors for the animal parasiticides market. The emerging market in Latin America and Asia Pacific is contributing in the positive growth of animal parasiticides market owing to the increasing population of companion animals’ and livestock. Moreover, increasing per capita expenditure on animal health along with improving infrastructure of animal welfare is some of the major factors fueling the demand for animal parasiticides in these regions. With growing awareness towards animal healthcare, countries such as China, India, Indonesia, Australia, New Zealand in developing nations like Asia pacific is expected to depict a significant growth over the forecast period from 2015 to 2021. Argentina and Brazil are potential market for animal parasiticides across Latin America. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Carrageenan Gum Market Overview, Market by Type, by Manufacturers, Regions, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Next PostNext Route W to Close Search Recent Posts Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 North America Hydrotalcite Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Tue, May 16, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Health & Pharma Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X AstraZeneca shares surge after success of drug trial Firm’s durvalumab shown to reduce disease progression in lung cancer patients about 13 hours ago A trial of AstraZeneca’s drug durvalumab showed it reduced disease progression in lung cancer patients, sending the company’s shares higher. File photograph: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg         A trial of AstraZeneca’s key immunotherapy drug durvalumab showed it reduced disease progression in lung cancer patients, sending the company’s shares higher and giving it a lead over rivals as it seeks to transform its oncology business. The trial results are an unexpectedly early boost for the product, known commercially as Imfinzi, which the company hopes will become a blockbuster drug with sales in the billions of dollars. They set AstraZeneca apart from rivals Merck and Roche, whose equivalent drugs are years behind in the race for similar treatments against lung cancer. Following the announcement, shares in AstraZeneca extended gains to be up by 9.1 per cent by mid-afternoon on Friday, the top FTSE 100 riser. Merck fell 1.5 per cent, while Roche was up 0.9 per cent. Number of people with health insurance increases by 8.1% MyMedical to adopt ‘Ryanair approach’ to medical care Receiver to sell developer John Flynn’s stake in Blackrock Clinic AstraZeneca said it was in talks with authorities over plans for regulatory approval for the drug. “These are highly encouraging results for patients with locally-advanced lung cancer for whom surgery is not an option,” Sean Bohen, executive vice-president for global medicines development at AstraZeneca, said in a statement. The trial also augured well for another trial of the drug called Mystic, whose results are due in mid-2017. Mystic is testing whether the drug could be used in combination with other treatments in newly-diagnosed cases. “The surprise early positive readout of the Pacific trial of . . . durvalumab (Imfinzi) in locally-advanced lung cancer is a major inflection point for AstraZeneca’s immuno-oncology,” analysts at Deutsche Bank said in a note. “In theory, this could open a market opportunity of $1.75 billion (about €1.6 billion) to $3.5 billion (or more) for the drug, which is not included in our current forecasts.” Reshaping the business AstraZeneca is looking to sales of recently launched and experimental cancer medicines to help offset the impact of a loss of patents on blockbusters such as cholesterol pill Crestor. Durvalumab works by helping the body’s immune cells kill cancer, offering an alternative to chemotherapy. In the Pacific trial, it was used after chemotherapy or radiation therapy. Analysts at Berenberg said that the trial results put AstraZeneca ahead of rivals Merck and Roche. The results of their trials for similar treatments aren’t expected until September 2019. They also said the efficacy of durvalumab in Pacific was a good sign ahead of the results of Mystic. Reuters       Topics: Sean Bohen AstraZeneca Deutsche Bank Merck Roche Read More CareChoice nursing home operator sold for €70m UK healthcare Reit PHP announces second Irish investment Oneview Healthcare wins new hospital contract in US Medtronic’s Irish subsidiary reports nearly 500% rise in turnover Fyffes melon workers’ dispute escalates as takeover completes State-backed infrastructure fund to invest in primary care centres UDG shares soar on forecast of up to 16% earnings growth  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Retail & Services Sterling weakness and fuel deals drive 21% DCC profit surge Work Four ways to employ self-explaining in your own learning English Soccer Guardiola says he would have been sacked ‘at a big club’ by now Parenting Children’s hospice: making the most of short and precious lives Sponsored The Story of Home: a Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes The Story of Home: A dream of tiny houses The Story of Home: Light and shade Latest Business Vodafone looks to calm investors after net loss of €6.1bn 07:58 EasyJet posts bigger-than-expected first half loss 07:54 How to turn $10k into $5m? Invest in Amazon.com 07:40 Oil on longest rising streak in more than a month 07:39 Revenues soar 30% at First Derivatives 07:24 Most Read in Business 1 How to turn $10k into $5m? Invest in Amazon.com 2 Car parking charges: Are hospitals making a killing? 3 Cairn Homes set to raise up to €50m with share sale 4 What if Virgin Media and Sky kicked RTÉ One off channel 101? 5 Revenues soar 30% at First Derivatives 6 Sterling weakness and fuel deals drive 21% DCC profit surge 7 Banks join forces to test new payment technology 8 Varadkar’s ‘united Ireland’ idea is logical but will it fly? 9 JP Morgan to buy Dublin office block with up to 500 jobs on way in expansion 10 Ashley laces his boots to tackle Dublin market Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Search executive jobs on irishtimes.com Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 16/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman MilliporeSigma Launches Industry’s First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes – Increases manufacturing flexibility – Provides exceptional performance and consistency required for high-density perfusion cell culture processes MilliporeSigma is enabling perfusion processes and increasing manufacturing flexibility for its customers. This infographic shows “next gen” stats and trends and describes the company’s new, industry- first off-the-shelf EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium MilliporeSigma’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets “next-gen” manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes BILLERICA, Mass., May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — MilliporeSigma today took a significant step toward increasing manufacturing flexibility and enabling higher productivity with the launch of the EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium. This first off-the-shelf, high-density cell culture media supports perfusion processes and facilitates high productivity at low perfusion rates, increasing production yield and speed to clinic. Biomanufacturers are moving toward perfusion processes, the next generation in manufacturing, as they seek to cut costs while increasing quality and efficiency. Perfusion processes, however, require a new type of medium to facilitate high productivity at low perfusion rates. MilliporeSigma’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets „next-gen” manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes. „This launch is a major milestone on the road to truly enabling next generation processing,” said Udit Batra, CEO, MilliporeSigma. „The benefits of perfusion technology include increased cost efficiency, decreased risk and enhanced manufacturing flexibility—ultimately advancing our customers’ production capabilities and increasing access to therapies for people worldwide.” A benefit of perfusion processing is higher protein yields, compared with fed-batch, which has been the primary mammalian cell cultivation mode for biopharma manufacturing over the past few decades. Perfusion technology is compatible with small portable plants and can be used with many drug types over a range of production scales. MilliporeSigma’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium is the most recent addition to the company’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ product line, which offers increased performance, streamlines regulatory compliance and provides the supply chain security needed in today’s evolving biopharmaceutical environment. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €15 billion in 2016. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark „Merck” internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/milliporesigma-launches-industrys-first-off-the-shelf-cell-culture-media-for-perfusion-processes-300457240.html SOURCE MilliporeSigma Related Links http://www.emdmillipore.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Flywire Executive to Speak at New England AFP 2017 Next PostNext Berkeley Lights, Inc. Announces Expanded Adoption of the Beacon™ Opto-Fluidic Platform Search Recent Posts Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 North America Hydrotalcite Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search MilliporeSigma Launches Industry's First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes News provided by MilliporeSigma 15 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article - Increases manufacturing flexibility - Provides exceptional performance and consistency required for high-density perfusion cell culture processes MilliporeSigma is enabling perfusion processes and increasing manufacturing flexibility for its customers. This infographic shows “next gen” stats and trends and describes the company’s new, industry- first off-the-shelf EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium MilliporeSigma’s EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets “next-gen” manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes BILLERICA, Mass., May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MilliporeSigma today took a significant step toward increasing manufacturing flexibility and enabling higher productivity with the launch of the EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium. This first off-the-shelf, high-density cell culture media supports perfusion processes and facilitates high productivity at low perfusion rates, increasing production yield and speed to clinic. Biomanufacturers are moving toward perfusion processes, the next generation in manufacturing, as they seek to cut costs while increasing quality and efficiency. Perfusion processes, however, require a new type of medium to facilitate high productivity at low perfusion rates. MilliporeSigma's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets "next-gen" manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes. "This launch is a major milestone on the road to truly enabling next generation processing," said Udit Batra, CEO, MilliporeSigma. "The benefits of perfusion technology include increased cost efficiency, decreased risk and enhanced manufacturing flexibility—ultimately advancing our customers' production capabilities and increasing access to therapies for people worldwide." A benefit of perfusion processing is higher protein yields, compared with fed-batch, which has been the primary mammalian cell cultivation mode for biopharma manufacturing over the past few decades. Perfusion technology is compatible with small portable plants and can be used with many drug types over a range of production scales. MilliporeSigma's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium is the most recent addition to the company's EX-CELL® Advanced™ product line, which offers increased performance, streamlines regulatory compliance and provides the supply chain security needed in today's evolving biopharmaceutical environment. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €15 billion in 2016. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark "Merck" internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/milliporesigma-launches-industrys-first-off-the-shelf-cell-culture-media-for-perfusion-processes-300457240.html SOURCE MilliporeSigma Related Links http://www.emdmillipore.com 12 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: MilliporeSigma and Stelis Biopharma Open First Joint Bioprocess Scale-up Lab in India My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09 May, 2017, 08:00 ET MilliporeSigma and Stelis Biopharma Open First Joint Bioprocess... 09 May, 2017, 08:00 ET MilliporeSigma Acquires Grzybowski Scientific Inventions to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment New Products & Services You just read: MilliporeSigma Launches Industry's First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes News provided by MilliporeSigma 15 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman MilliporeSigma Launches Industry’s First Off-the-Shelf Cell Culture Media for Perfusion Processes - Increases manufacturing flexibility - Provides exceptional performance and consistency required for high-density perfusion cell culture processes BILLERICA, Mass., May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MilliporeSigma today took a significant step toward increasing manufacturing flexibility and enabling higher productivity with the launch of the EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium. This first off-the-shelf, high-density cell culture media supports perfusion processes and facilitates high productivity at low perfusion rates, increasing production yield and speed to clinic. Biomanufacturers are moving toward perfusion processes, the next generation in manufacturing, as they seek to cut costs while increasing quality and efficiency. Perfusion processes, however, require a new type of medium to facilitate high productivity at low perfusion rates. MilliporeSigma's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium meets "next-gen" manufacturing requirements, allowing customers to achieve a more optimal output than they would using conventional batch or fed-batch processes. "This launch is a major milestone on the road to truly enabling next generation processing," said Udit Batra, CEO, MilliporeSigma. "The benefits of perfusion technology include increased cost efficiency, decreased risk and enhanced manufacturing flexibility—ultimately advancing our customers' production capabilities and increasing access to therapies for people worldwide." A benefit of perfusion processing is higher protein yields, compared with fed-batch, which has been the primary mammalian cell cultivation mode for biopharma manufacturing over the past few decades. Perfusion technology is compatible with small portable plants and can be used with many drug types over a range of production scales. MilliporeSigma's EX-CELL® Advanced™ HD Perfusion Medium is the most recent addition to the company's EX-CELL® Advanced™ product line, which offers increased performance, streamlines regulatory compliance and provides the supply chain security needed in today's evolving biopharmaceutical environment. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in healthcare, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses – Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials – and generated sales of €15 billion in 2016. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company – since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark "Merck" internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. SOURCE MilliporeSigma CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Computer/ Electronics, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical Equipment, New Products/Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Wheel Bearings Conjunctivitis Drugs Market 2017 – Positive long-term growth outlook 2021 Next PostNext Industrial Gloves Market is expected to raise Remarkable Growth of USD 9,798 million by 2022 Search Recent Posts Digital Games Market to Undertake Strapping Growth During 2021 Forecast Report -2022 On Global Turbine Governor Sales Industry 2017 – Orbis Research 2017 Shawarma Machines Sales Industry: Global Trend, Profit, And Key Manufacturers Analysis Report Global Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) Equipment Market Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Global Substation Automation Market Comprehensive Report 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Drug Makers Stocks Under Scanner — Alliqua BioMedical, AbbVie, Johnson & Johnson, and Merck NEW YORK, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Featured on Stock-Callers.com today are these four major players in the Drug Manufacturers space: Alliqua BioMedical Inc. (NASDAQ: ALQA), AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), and Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK). The Pharmaceutical industry consists of companies that research, develop, market, and distribute drugs for nearly every therapeutic need. You can access our complimentary research reports on these stocks now at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Alliqua BioMedical   Yardley, Pennsylvania-based Alliqua BioMedical Inc.’s stock finished last Friday’s session 2.61% lower at $0.37 with a total trading volume of 55,724 shares. The Company’s shares are trading below their 50-day moving average by 27.87%. Shares of the Company, which commercializes regenerative medical products that assist the body in the repair or replacement of soft tissue, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 36.67. On May 09th, 2017, Alliqua BioMedical announced financial results for Q1 ended March 31st, 2017. Total revenue from continuing operations increased 16% year-over-year to $4.6 million; product revenue from continuing operations increased 28% year-over-year to $4.4 million; gross margin was 64% for Q1 2017, compared to 60% in the same period last year; and adjusted EBITDA loss decreased by $1.8 million, or 36% year-over-year, to ($3.2) million. Visit us today and download your complete report on ALQA for free at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ALQA AbbVie   On Friday, shares in North Chicago, Illinois-based AbbVie Inc. ended the session 1.16% higher at $66.06. The stock recorded a trading volume of 6.06 million shares, which was higher than its three months average volume of 6.03 million shares. The Company’s shares have gained 2.63% in the last one month, 10.42% in the previous three months, and 7.62% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 1.84% above its 50-day moving average and 6.41% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of AbbVie, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products worldwide, have an RSI of 54.02. On May 05th, 2017, AbbVie announced that it will participate in the UBS Global Healthcare Conference on Monday, May 22nd, 2017. Richard A. Gonzalez, Chairman of the board and CEO, will present at 7:00 a.m. CT. A live audio webcast of the presentation will be accessible on the Company’s Investor Relations website. The complimentary research report on ABBV can be accessed at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ABBV Johnson & Johnson   New Brunswick, New Jersey-based Johnson & Johnson’s shares gained 0.36%, closing the session at $123.64 with a total trading volume of 4.10 million shares. The stock has gained 8.00% over the previous three months and 8.03% on an YTD basis. Shares of the Company are trading 4.70% above their 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Johnson & Johnson, which together with its subsidiaries, researches and develops, manufactures, and sells various products in the health care field worldwide, have an RSI of 45.75. On May 11th, 2017, Johnson & Johnson announced that it will participate in the Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference on Thursday, June 08th, 2017, at the Grand Hyatt New York. Alex Gorsky, Chairman and CEO, will represent the Company in a session scheduled at 10:00 a.m. ET. This webcast will be available on the Company’s website. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the PDF research report on JNJ at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JNJ Merck   Last Friday at the close, shares in Kenilworth, New Jersey headquartered Merck & Co. Inc. recorded a trading volume of 10.30 million shares, which was above their three months average volume of 9.19 million shares. The stock ended the session 1.33% lower at $63.57. The Company’s shares have advanced 0.82% in the past month and 8.76% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 2.86%. Furthermore, shares of Merck, which provides healthcare solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 51.75. On May 10th, 2017, Merck announced that the US FDA has approved KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the Company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in combination with pemetrexed (brand name Alimta®) and carboplatin (pem/carbo), a commonly used chemotherapy regimen, for the first-line treatment of metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 expression. Under the FDA’s accelerated approval regulations, this indication is approved based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Get free access to your research report on MRK at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=MRK Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious A-Share Listed Mechanical Component Companies – Total Production Value of the Mechanical Component Industry was CNY 361 Billion in 2016 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Narrowband Internet-of-Things Chipset Market: Rising Set of Applications in Smart Devices to Drive Increased Demand, says TMR Search Recent Posts NovaSparks renforce son offre de capitaux aux États-Unis NovaSparks Strengthens Its U.S. Equity Offering QIHAN Unveils Multi-service Platform System for Sanbot Robot OpenLink Launches the First Comprehensive Trading, Treasury and Risk Cloud Platform International Federation of Robotics: France Outperforms Britain as Robots Transform Car Industry RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Drug Makers Stocks Under Scanner — Alliqua BioMedical, AbbVie, Johnson & Johnson, and Merck NEW YORK, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Featured on Stock-Callers.com today are these four major players in the Drug Manufacturers space: Alliqua BioMedical Inc. (NASDAQ: ALQA), AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), and Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK). The Pharmaceutical industry consists of companies that research, develop, market, and distribute drugs for nearly every therapeutic need. You can access our complimentary research reports on these stocks now at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Alliqua BioMedical   Yardley, Pennsylvania-based Alliqua BioMedical Inc.'s stock finished last Friday's session 2.61% lower at $0.37 with a total trading volume of 55,724 shares. The Company's shares are trading below their 50-day moving average by 27.87%. Shares of the Company, which commercializes regenerative medical products that assist the body in the repair or replacement of soft tissue, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 36.67. On May 09th, 2017, Alliqua BioMedical announced financial results for Q1 ended March 31st, 2017. Total revenue from continuing operations increased 16% year-over-year to $4.6 million; product revenue from continuing operations increased 28% year-over-year to $4.4 million; gross margin was 64% for Q1 2017, compared to 60% in the same period last year; and adjusted EBITDA loss decreased by $1.8 million, or 36% year-over-year, to ($3.2) million. Visit us today and download your complete report on ALQA for free at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ALQA AbbVie   On Friday, shares in North Chicago, Illinois-based AbbVie Inc. ended the session 1.16% higher at $66.06. The stock recorded a trading volume of 6.06 million shares, which was higher than its three months average volume of 6.03 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 2.63% in the last one month, 10.42% in the previous three months, and 7.62% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 1.84% above its 50-day moving average and 6.41% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of AbbVie, which discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products worldwide, have an RSI of 54.02. On May 05th, 2017, AbbVie announced that it will participate in the UBS Global Healthcare Conference on Monday, May 22nd, 2017. Richard A. Gonzalez, Chairman of the board and CEO, will present at 7:00 a.m. CT. A live audio webcast of the presentation will be accessible on the Company's Investor Relations website. The complimentary research report on ABBV can be accessed at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=ABBV Johnson & Johnson   New Brunswick, New Jersey-based Johnson & Johnson's shares gained 0.36%, closing the session at $123.64 with a total trading volume of 4.10 million shares. The stock has gained 8.00% over the previous three months and 8.03% on an YTD basis. Shares of the Company are trading 4.70% above their 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Johnson & Johnson, which together with its subsidiaries, researches and develops, manufactures, and sells various products in the health care field worldwide, have an RSI of 45.75. On May 11th, 2017, Johnson & Johnson announced that it will participate in the Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference on Thursday, June 08th, 2017, at the Grand Hyatt New York. Alex Gorsky, Chairman and CEO, will represent the Company in a session scheduled at 10:00 a.m. ET. This webcast will be available on the Company's website. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the PDF research report on JNJ at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=JNJ Merck   Last Friday at the close, shares in Kenilworth, New Jersey headquartered Merck & Co. Inc. recorded a trading volume of 10.30 million shares, which was above their three months average volume of 9.19 million shares. The stock ended the session 1.33% lower at $63.57. The Company's shares have advanced 0.82% in the past month and 8.76% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 2.86%. Furthermore, shares of Merck, which provides healthcare solutions worldwide, have an RSI of 51.75. On May 10th, 2017, Merck announced that the US FDA has approved KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the Company's anti-PD-1 therapy, in combination with pemetrexed (brand name Alimta®) and carboplatin (pem/carbo), a commonly used chemotherapy regimen, for the first-line treatment of metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 expression. Under the FDA's accelerated approval regulations, this indication is approved based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Get free access to your research report on MRK at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=MRK Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Investments Opinions, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China Infrared Reflective Glazing Market Growth, Trends, Demand, Share, Analysis to 2022 Next PostNext Used and Refurbished Medical Equipment Market Analysis, Development trend including Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Brandy Market 2017 Key Players, Supply, Consumption, Demand, Growth, Application, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Agatha’s Content Management Cloud for Life-Sciences and Healthcare Accelerates Its Global Expansion Global gelatin market witnesses growth of 3% from 2009 to 2016 Interop Debut in China InciWeb National Incidents RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Democrats vs. Trump TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Storyline Ebola Virus Outbreak Health Ebola Virus Outbreak May 14 2017, 7:27 pm ET WHO Confirms a Small Ebola Outbreak in Congo by Maggie Fox Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Ebola has killed at least one person and possibly three in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), and the World Health Organization confirmed Friday at least one person had tested positive for the deadly virus. WHO said it was sending the team to the remote area in the north of the country near the border with Central African Republic. And a large vaccine nonprofit said it was ready to bring in Ebola vaccines if needed. Map showing the location of the Democratic Republic of Congo Google Maps "As of today, 11 suspected cases including three deaths have been reported," WHO said Saturday The #Ebola case in the Democratic Republic of Congo was confirmed by a national reference laboratory in Kinshasa #DRC— WHO (@WHO) May 12, 2017 "The health zone is situated in the remote, isolated and hard-to-reach northern part of the country, with limited transport and communication networks - factors that all impeded transmission of information about the suspected outbreak. Currently it takes about two to three days to reach the epicenter from Kinshasa," WHO said. "The full extent of the 2017 outbreak is still not yet clear." Related: Ebola Vaccine Works, Study Shows An Ebola epidemic in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia in 2013-2016 infected 28,000 people and killed more than 11,000 of them. It was the only epidemic of Ebola — usually, outbreaks are smaller and affect at the most a few hundred people. Vaccine developers rushed research on Ebola vaccines and there is an experimental vaccine that's been shown to be effective. Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, has an agreement with vaccine maker Merck to have it ready. "Gavi's work with Merck means there are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic," Gavi CEO Dr. Seth Berkley said. "The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable." Related: Antibody Treatment Works Against Ebola Virus Cousin The Democratic Republic of Congo has had eight outbreaks but none in areas similar to the West Africa epidemic, which spread widely in part because of intense cross-border travel and trade in densely populated areas. The last one was in 2014, and killed 49 people. "It is a sad fact that the people of the DRC are all too familiar with this horrific disease," Berkley added in a statement. "The fact that this is a country that has experience dealing with Ebola should give us hope that we won't see a pandemic on the scale of the 2014 outbreak that hit West Africa. We stand ready to support the DRC Government in its fight against Ebola." Maggie Fox Twitter Facebook Google Plus Topics Health news, Africa, World First Published May 12 2017, 10:20 am ET Next Story Antibody Treatment Cures Monkeys of Marburg, a Deadly Ebola Cousin advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Flexible Electronics and Materials Market to Observe Strong Development by 2022 Market Scenario The major growth driver of Flexible Electronics and Materials Market includes growing demand for compact and light weight electronic products, increasing competition among commercialized technologies such as LCD, LED, and OLED, and rise in demand for technically upgraded wearable devices among others. However, presence of competent technology is one of the major factors which are hindering the growth of Flexible Electronics and Materials Market. Market Segments Global Flexible Electronics and Materials Market can be segmented as follows: • Segmentation by Components: Silicon materials, dielectrics, sensors, transistors, displays and contact materials among others. • Segmentation by Application: Healthcare, automotive, consumer electronics, military & defence and biometrics among others. Request a Sample Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1152 Study Objective of Flexible Electronics and Materials Market • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 10 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global Flexible Electronics and Materials market. • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. • To analyze the Flexible Electronics and Materials Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc. • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). • To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. • To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by component, by application and sub-segments. • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Flexible Electronics and Materials market. Browse Report Details @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/flexible-electronics… Key Players: Some of the major players in Global Flexible Electronics and Materials Market include- • DuPont (U.S.) • BASF (Germany) • Merck Kgaa (Germany) • ALTANA AG (Germany) • LG Corporation (South Korea) • Samsung Electronics (South Korea) • Cymbet Corporation (U.S.) • Fujifilm Dimatix (U.S.) • Hewlett Packard (U.S.) • Solar Frontier (Germany) Industry News: • Altana AG has announced in July 2016 about its expansion of additive business by acquisition of Addcomp, a Dutch company. The Addcomp will be unified into Plastic additives business of Altana. • Merck Kgaa has done partnership with UK based Flex Enable company, which is one of the leader of flexible organic electronics market in year 2015. This partnership was implemented to grow in LCD technology market. Request Table of Contents for this Report @ www.marketresearchfuture.com/request-toc/1152 The reports also cover brief analysis of Geographical Region including: Americas • North America • US • Canada • Latin America Europe • Western Europe • Germany • France • U.K • Rest of Western Europe • Eastern Europe Asia– Pacific • Asia • China • India • Japan • South Korea • Rest of Asia Pacific The Middle East & Africa About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Akash Anand, Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India +1 646 845 9312 Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HRC to Honor ABC News Robin Roberts With Visibility Award at the 2017 HRC Louisiana Gala Dinner Next PostNext New Swiss Kubik watch winder choices plus a new dedicated section for this popular brand launched by Watch-winder.co.uk Search Recent Posts Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 North America Hydrotalcite Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Zymeworks Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results VANCOUVER, British Columbia–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Zymeworks Inc. (“Zymeworks”) (NYSE: ZYME; TSX: ZYME) a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of next-generation multifunctional biotherapeutics, initially focused on the treatment of cancer, today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. “During the first quarter, among other highlights, we received top-line data from the dose escalation stage of our on-going Phase 1 clinical trial of our lead product candidate, ZW25,” said Ali Tehrani, Ph.D., Zymeworks’ President & CEO. “ZW25 has demonstrated preliminary anti-tumor activity across multiple cancer types in HER2 expressing patients who have progressed after several lines of treatment with HER2-targeted therapies.” First Quarter Highlights: Preliminary data for ZW25 phase 1 clinical trial received Orphan drug designation for ZW25 in gastric cancer received Second research milestone with collaborator Eli Lilly announced Two industry veterans added to Board of Directors State-of-the-art lab facility opened On May 3, 2017, subsequent to the first quarter, Zymeworks completed its initial public offering and sold 4,500,000 common shares at a price of $13.00 per share. In addition, Zymeworks has granted the underwriters an option, exercisable within 30 days of the date of its final prospectus relating to the IPO, to purchase up to an additional 675,000 common shares. First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Financial Results All amounts are in U.S. dollars. Zymeworks’ unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principals generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”). Revenues for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017 were $0.2 million compared to $0.3 million for the same period of 2016. The decrease in collaboration revenue of $0.1 million is due to a $0.3 million decrease in research support payments from Merck, which was partially offset by the increase in research support payments of $0.2 million from Daiichi. Research and development expenditures for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017 were $9.1 million, compared to $7.9 million for the same period in 2016. The increase of $1.2 million, was primarily due to increased activities associated with our therapeutic platforms and early-stage research and discovery programs, recorded in other research activities. General and administrative expenses in the first quarter ended March 31, 2017 were $6.3 million compared to $2.1 million for the same period in 2016. General and administrative expenses increased by $4.2 million, compared to the same period in 2016, primarily due to an increase in professional fees and compensation costs. The compensation cost increase was the result of higher share-based compensation expenses due to reclassification under U.S. GAAP of certain awards from equity to liability for accounting purposes as well as certain new hires. The increase in professional fees over the same period in 2016 was associated with consulting services as well as legal, intellectual property, assurance and taxation services. Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was $15.9 million. Zymeworks expects that over the next several years, research and development expenditures will increase in connection with the ongoing development of product candidates and other clinical, preclinical and regulatory activities. As of March 31, 2017, Zymeworks had $26.8 million in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, as well as $1.9 million in SR&ED and IRAP receivables. On May 3, 2017, subsequent to the first quarter, Zymeworks completed its initial public offering for a total of $58.5 million in aggregate gross proceeds. First Quarter Conference Call Zymeworks will host a conference call today at 4:30 p.m. ET (1:30 p.m. PT) to discuss these first quarter financial results and provide a corporate update. The live call may be accessed by dialing 1-800-319-4610 for North American callers, or 1-604-638-5340 for international callers. Callers should dial in five to ten minutes prior to the scheduled start time, and ask to join the Zymeworks conference call. A telephone replay of the conference call will be available by dialing 1-800-319-6413 or 1-604-638-9010 and entering access code 1440. The replay will be available after the conclusion of the conference call until May 29, 2017. About Zymeworks Inc. Zymeworks is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of next-generation multifunctional biotherapeutics, initially focused on the treatment of cancer. Zymeworks’ suite of complementary therapeutic platforms and its fully-integrated drug development engine provide the flexibility and compatibility to precisely engineer and develop highly-differentiated product candidates. Zymeworks’ lead product candidate, ZW25, is a novel bispecific antibody currently being evaluated in an adaptive Phase 1 clinical trial. Zymeworks is also advancing a deep pipeline of preclinical product candidates and discovery-stage programs in immuno-oncology and other therapeutic areas. In addition to Zymeworks’ wholly-owned pipeline, its therapeutic platforms have been further leveraged through multiple strategic partnerships with global biopharmaceutical companies. Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws, or collectively, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements that relate to our expected research and development expenditures and other information that is not historical information. In addition, any statements or information that refer to expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, performance or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking. All forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations and various assumptions. We believe there is a reasonable basis for our expectations and beliefs, but they are inherently uncertain. We may not realize our expectations, and our beliefs may not prove correct. Actual results could differ materially from those described or implied by such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, market conditions and the factors described under “Risk Factors” in our registration statement on Form F-1 and in our supplemented PREP prospectus dated April 27, 2017 filed in connection with our initial public offering on May 3, 2017 (copies of which filings may be obtained at www.sec.gov and www.sedar.com). Consequently, forward-looking statements should be regarded solely as our current plans, estimates and beliefs. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We do not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update, republish or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information, future events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrences of unanticipated events, except as may be required by law. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anthera Announces First Patient Screened in RESULT Pivotal Phase 3 Clinical Study of Sollpura Next PostNext Skincare Packaging Market Overview, Type, Manufacturing Base and Competitors, Sales, Revenue, Growth Rate and Forecast (2017-2022) Search Recent Posts Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 North America Hydrotalcite Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by mangesh kanase Pneumococcal Vaccines Market Analysis, Dynamics, Forecast and Supply Demand 2017-2022 Pneumococcal Vaccines Market is expected to witness growth of international market with respect to advancements and innovations including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast. The report starts with a basic Pneumococcal Vaccines market overview. In this introductory section, the research report incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Besides this, the report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Pneumococcal Vaccines Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10637498 Next part of the Pneumococcal Vaccines Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Further in the report, Pneumococcal Vaccines Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In prolongation with this data sale price for various types, applications and region is also included. The Pneumococcal Vaccines Industry consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Top key players of industry are covered in Pneumococcal Vaccines Market Report: Pfizer, Sanofi, GSK, Merck, Eli Lilly, AstraZeneca, Abera, S K Chemicals, Beijing Minhai Biotechnology, Baxter, Biken, Celgene Corporation, Panacea Biotec, Serum Institute of India, Genentech       And Many Others….  Split by Product Type: PPSV 23, PCV 7/13, PCV 10    Split by Application: For Infants, For Children (2-10), For Person (10-64), For The Old (≥65)     Split by Region: China, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, India, Southeast Asia With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10637498 This section of the market research report includes analysis of major raw materials suppliers, manufacturing equipment suppliers, major players of the Pneumococcal Vaccines industry, key consumers, and supply chain relationship. The contact information is also provided along with this analysis. Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis: Manufacturing Cost Analysis-Raw Materials Analysis-Price Trend of Key Raw Materials-Key Suppliers of Raw Materials-Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials-Labour Cost. Along with this, analysis of depreciation cost, manufacturing cost structure, manufacturing process is also carried out. Price, cost, and gross analysis of the Pneumococcal Vaccines market is also included in this section. Trade and Distribution Analysis: Marketing Channel-Direct Marketing-Indirect Marketing-Marketing Channel Development Trend-Market Positioning-Pricing Strategy-Brand Strategy-Distributors/Traders List. This section of the Pneumococcal Vaccines market report consists of marketing channel status and end buyer price analysis. It also provides contact information of the traders and distributors. Market Effect Factors Analysis: Technology Progress/Risk-Substitutes Threat-Technology Progress in Related Industry-Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change-Economic/Political Environmental Change. This particular section of the Pneumococcal Vaccines market report includes analysis of gross margin, cost and price. The Pneumococcal Vaccines industry research report is a valuable source of guidance and direction. It is helpful for established businesses, new entrants in the market as well as individuals interested in the market. The Pneumococcal Vaccines market report provides important statistics on the existing state of the said market. Get Access of Pneumococcal Vaccines Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10637498 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsChemical and Advanced Materials, Pneumococcal Vaccines, Pneumococcal Vaccines Industry Share, Pneumococcal Vaccines Industry Size, Pneumococcal Vaccines Market Analysis, Pneumococcal Vaccines Market Growth, Pneumococcal Vaccines Market Research, Pneumococcal Vaccines Market Research Report, Pneumococcal Vaccines Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EY Announces Finalists for the Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Award in San Diego Next PostNext Phenylthiourea Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts N-Methyl-2-Pyrrolidone (NMP) Market is Expected to Reach US$ 985 Mn by 2020 Boston Foundation Hosts Forum Civic Engagement & Education in Massachusetts on May 18 Containerships plc: Stock Release – Interim report Q1 2017 North America Polarizer Film Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Aramid Fibre Market to Register Steady Growth During 2015 – 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by mangesh kanase Dental Drug Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Analysis to 2022 The Global Dental Drug market is valued at 4067.46 million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach 5674.19 million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of 5.7% between 2016 and 2022. Dental Drug Market is expected to witness growth of international market with respect to advancements and innovations including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast. The report starts with a basic Dental Drug market overview. In this introductory section, the research report incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Besides this, the report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Dental Drug Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10637789 Next part of the Dental Drug Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Further in the report, Dental Drug Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In prolongation with this data sale price for various types, applications and region is also included. The Dental Drug Industry consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Top key players of industry are covered in Dental Drug Market Report: Merck, Bayer, J&J, GSK, 3M, Sunstar, Colgate-Palmolive, DenMat, Showa Yakuhin Kako, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Septodont, Roche       And Many Others….  Split by Product Type: OTC, Prescription Product    Split by Application: Hospitals, Dental Clinics, Drugstores     Split by Region: North America, Rest of Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, Germany, Switzerland With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10637789 This section of the market research report includes analysis of major raw materials suppliers, manufacturing equipment suppliers, major players of the Dental Drug industry, key consumers, and supply chain relationship. The contact information is also provided along with this analysis. Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis: Manufacturing Cost Analysis-Raw Materials Analysis-Price Trend of Key Raw Materials-Key Suppliers of Raw Materials-Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials-Labour Cost. Along with this, analysis of depreciation cost, manufacturing cost structure, manufacturing process is also carried out. Price, cost, and gross analysis of the Dental Drug market is also included in this section. Trade and Distribution Analysis: Marketing Channel-Direct Marketing-Indirect Marketing-Marketing Channel Development Trend-Market Positioning-Pricing Strategy-Brand Strategy-Distributors/Traders List. This section of the Dental Drug market report consists of marketing channel status and end buyer price analysis. It also provides contact information of the traders and distributors. Market Effect Factors Analysis: Technology Progress/Risk-Substitutes Threat-Technology Progress in Related Industry-Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change-Economic/Political Environmental Change. This particular section of the Dental Drug market report includes analysis of gross margin, cost and price. The Dental Drug industry research report is a valuable source of guidance and direction. It is helpful for established businesses, new entrants in the market as well as individuals interested in the market. The Dental Drug market report provides important statistics on the existing state of the said market. Get Access of Dental Drug Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10637789 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsDental Drug, Dental Drug Industry Share, Dental Drug Industry Size, Dental Drug Market Analysis, Dental Drug Market Growth, Dental Drug Market Research, Dental Drug Market Research Report, Dental Drug Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Top 6 Vendors in the Global Residential Electric Fryers Market from 2017-2021: Technavio Next PostNext N-Dimethylacetamide Market Growth Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application Forecast from 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Symantec Blocks 22 Million Attempted WannaCry Ransomware Attacks Globally United States Agricultural Micronutrients Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Turbidity Meters Market Analysis, Size, Regional Outlook, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts 2022 Stereoscopes Market Revenue, Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecasts 2022 Notable Monday Option Activity: MCO, CVX, MA RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Krames On-Demand Infobutton named Allscripts® May 2017 App of the Month Infobutton gives health care providers immediate access to tools they can use to engage patients in the care they receive, which has the potential to lead to better outcomes. Yeardly, PA (PRWEB) May 15, 2017 StayWell, a leading health engagement solutions company, announced today that its Krames On-Demand™ Infobutton has been recognized by Allscripts as the May App of the Month. Krames On-Demand Infobutton is a StayWell solution that integrates recommended patient education into clinicians’ workflow, giving health care providers instant access to the Krames On-Demand library of patient education HealthSheets™, videos, discharge instructions, and more — with one click. Krames On-Demand Infobutton was certified for integration within the Allscripts Electronic Health Record (EHR) solutions last year, and was recognized as App of the Month. When using Infobutton to access the Krames On-Demand library of content, health care providers can: Quickly and easily download award-winning patient education content, including videos and KidsHealth® instructions; Customize or create branded patient education materials; Access content from multiple locations within a health system; and Integrate custom content into existing health system content. “Infobutton gives health care providers immediate access to tools they can use to engage patients in the care they receive, which has the potential to lead to better outcomes,” said JoAnna Brogdon, Vice President, Partner Development, StayWell. “We’re honored to be named Allscripts’ App of the Month because it reinforces the value Infobutton delivers to clinicians in a complex, competitive health care market.” For more about the Krames On-Demand Infobutton, visit the Allscripts Application Store or join our webinar, “Integrated Engagement Solutions for Allscripts,” on May 31, 2017, at 1:00 p.m. EST. ### About StayWell StayWell is a health solutions company that uses the science of behavior change to help people live happier, healthier lives. StayWell brings decades of experience working across the health care industry to design solutions for improving individual and organizational health outcomes, managing the health of targeted populations, and creating brand engagement for employers and health care organizations. StayWell programs have received numerous top industry honors, including the C. Everett Koop National Health Award and the Web Health Award for health engagement programs. StayWell also has received URAC and NCQA accreditation for several of its programs. StayWell is majority-owned by Healthcare Services & Solutions, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA (“Merck”). The company is headquartered in Yardley, PA, and also has a major location in St. Paul, MN. To learn more, visit http://www.staywell.com. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit http://www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of The StayWell Company, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). Media contact for StayWell: Barbara Tabor, APR / 651-230-9192 / barbara(at)taborpr.com Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Points of Light Honors 6000th Recipient of the Daily Point of Light Award Next PostNext Algenist Debuts Gravity-Shattering Contouring Cream that Firms in 10 Minutes Search Recent Posts SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by Certain Officers and Directors of Forterra, Inc. Reopening of meat exports to Iran is like a new market Call for activating mentorships MSCI Equity Indexes May 2017 Index Review Extended partnership agreement with Electricity Authority RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Krames On-Demand Infobutton named Allscripts® May 2017 App of the Month Krames On-Demand Infobutton named Allscripts® May 2017 App of the Month Posted on May 15, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Gives health care providers instant access to customizable patient-education materials Yeardly, PA (PRWEB) May 15, 2017 StayWell, a leading health engagement solutions company, announced today that its Krames On-Demand™ Infobutton has been recognized by Allscripts as the May App of the Month. Krames On-Demand Infobutton is a StayWell solution that integrates recommended patient education into clinicians’ workflow, giving health care providers instant access to the Krames On-Demand library of patient education HealthSheets™, videos, discharge instructions, and more — with one click. Krames On-Demand Infobutton was certified for integration within the Allscripts Electronic Health Record (EHR) solutions last year, and was recognized as App of the Month. When using Infobutton to access the Krames On-Demand library of content, health care providers can: Quickly and easily download award-winning patient education content, including videos and KidsHealth® instructions; Customize or create branded patient education materials; Access content from multiple locations within a health system; and Integrate custom content into existing health system content. “Infobutton gives health care providers immediate access to tools they can use to engage patients in the care they receive, which has the potential to lead to better outcomes,” said JoAnna Brogdon, Vice President, Partner Development, StayWell. “We’re honored to be named Allscripts’ App of the Month because it reinforces the value Infobutton delivers to clinicians in a complex, competitive health care market.” For more about the Krames On-Demand Infobutton, visit the Allscripts Application Store or join our webinar, “Integrated Engagement Solutions for Allscripts,” on May 31, 2017, at 1:00 p.m. EST. ### About StayWell StayWell is a health solutions company that uses the science of behavior change to help people live happier, healthier lives. StayWell brings decades of experience working across the health care industry to design solutions for improving individual and organizational health outcomes, managing the health of targeted populations, and creating brand engagement for employers and health care organizations. StayWell programs have received numerous top industry honors, including the C. Everett Koop National Health Award and the Web Health Award for health engagement programs. StayWell also has received URAC and NCQA accreditation for several of its programs. StayWell is majority-owned by Healthcare Services & Solutions, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA (“Merck”). The company is headquartered in Yardley, PA, and also has a major location in St. Paul, MN. To learn more, visit http://www.staywell.com. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer's disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit http://www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of The StayWell Company, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). Media contact for StayWell: Barbara Tabor, APR / 651-230-9192 / barbara(at)taborpr.com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14332125.htm Latest News The Justinian Society Honors Gino Benedetti, Esq. Financial Poise™ Announces “ESTATE PLANNING & ASSET PROTECTION,” Ep. #1 of the One Hour Law School 1.0 Webinar Series, Available Now through West LegalEdcenter Lydon Neumann Named One of Consulting Magazine’s Top 25 Consultants for 2017 HSMAI Announces 2017 Revenue Management Professionals of the Year and Vanguard Lifetime Achievement Honoree Love Your Melon Goes Live With Artifi™ New appointment at Sommet Education Big Tex Self Storage Developing New Houston Location in Garden Oaks Krames On-Demand Infobutton named Allscripts® May 2017 App of the Month Algenist Debuts Gravity-Shattering Contouring Cream that Firms in 10 Minutes Duck Donuts Announces New Franchise Location in Alpharetta, Georgia—One of America’s Friendliest Towns © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,981.94 85.33 0.41% S&P 500 2,402.32 11.42 0.48% Nasdaq 6,149.67 28.44 0.46% GlobalDow 2,761.80 2.24 0.08% Gold 1,234.80 4.80 0.39% Oil 49.09 0.24 0.49% S&P 500 Movers(%) QRVO 5.5 NVDA 5.0 NTAP 4.4 TGNA 3.8 VIAB -2.5 FL -2.2 HOG -2.1 COTY -2.1 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 3:02a Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,788.87 3:01a France's CAC 40 opens lower by 0.5% at 5,391.85 3:01a U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens down 1 point at 7,453.71 3:01a Stoxx Europe 600 opens lower by 0.2% at 395.26 2:55a Updated Why stock-market investors are falling back in love with Europe 2:52a The world leader posing the biggest threat to global economy isn’t Trump 2:50a Inmarsat launches 4th broadband satellite 2:49a Akers Biosciences narrows loss, but revenue falls 2:49a EasyJet loss deepens as Brexit-hit pound bites 2:46a BOJ's Kuroda: Exit from QE should go 'quite well' to be replaced Home Investing Quotes Stocks United States NLNK Overview Compare Quotes Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors Nasdaq NLNK U.S.: Nasdaq Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker NewLink Genetics Corp. Watchlist CreateNLNKAlert After Hours Last Updated: May 15, 2017 4:00 p.m. EDT $ 17.00 0.00 0.00% After Hours Volume: 34 Close Chg Chg % $17.00 -0.42 -2.41% Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 59.83% vs Avg. Volume: 390K 65 Day Avg. - 651.9K Open: 17.14 Close: 17.00 16.9100 Day Low/High 17.5400 Day Range 9.6601 52 Week Low/High 25.1670 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $17.14 Day Range 16.9100 - 17.5400 52 Week Range 9.6601 - 25.1670 Market Cap $509.12M Shares Outstanding 29.22M Public Float 21.51M Beta 1.57 Rev. per Employee $269.02K P/E Ratio n/a EPS $-2.84 Yield n/a Dividend n/a Ex-Dividend Date n/a Short Interest 3.64M 04/28/17 % of Float Shorted 16.93% Average Volume 651.92K Performance 5 Day 1.67% 1 Month 6.25% 3 Month 16.28% YTD 65.37% 1 Year 66.02% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones NewLink Genetics Corp. stock drops 28% on mid-stage results for melanoma drug NewLink Genetics Corp. shares dropped as much as 27.7% in morning trade Tuesday after the company released interim results for a phase 2 trial for advanced melanoma. The company's indoximod was being tested in combination with Merck's Keytruda. NewLink Genetics said that data on 60 patients found an objective response rate of 52% and a disease control rate of 73%, with rates slightly higher among patients with non-ocular melanoma, at a 59% objective response rate and an 80% disease control rate. Though the company described the results -- which it is presenting at the American Association for Cancer Research's annual meeting on Tuesday -- as impressive and emphasized that the cancer drug combination was well tolerated overall, investors questioned how much of an effect the company's drug had relative to Merck's Keytruda alone and compared NewLink Genetics negatively to Incyte Corp. , which is also developing an IDO inhibitor and is working with Merck. NewLink Genetics shares were valued at $18.40 as of Tuesday morning. The company's shares have surged 63.8% over the last three months, compared with a 3.8% rise in the S&P 500 . Apr. 4, 2017 at 9:48 a.m. ET by Emma Court NewLink Genetics Corp. stock drops 26% on mid-stage results for melanoma drug NewLink Genetics Corp. stock drops 26% on mid-stage results for melanoma drug Apr. 4, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET by Emma Court NewLink Genetics upgraded to buy from hold at SunTrust RH NewLink Genetics upgraded to buy from hold at SunTrust RH Mar. 30, 2017 at 7:13 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Charting a slow-motion retest of first support ahead of the Fed Technically speaking, the major U.S. benchmarks have asserted a holding pattern, treading water ahead of the Federal Reserve’s latest policy directive, due out Wednesday. Against this backdrop, the Dow industrials and S&P 500 have thus far maintained near-term support — circa Dow 20,850, and S&P 2,367 — though a slow-motion retest remains underway. Mar. 13, 2017 at 11:36 a.m. ET by Michael Ashbaugh 4 momentum stocks to watch Sep. 30, 2016 at 8:02 a.m. ET by Harry Boxer NewLink Genetics downgraded to neutral from buy at SunTrust RH May. 11, 2016 at 8:42 a.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Breaking NewLink shares plummet 40% after disappointing cancer drug study May. 9, 2016 at 4:51 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski Breaking NewLink shares halted at $15.70; cancer drug study doesn't achieve endpoint May. 9, 2016 at 4:08 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski Inovio’s Ebola vaccine has positive results in early human trials Mar. 30, 2016 at 10:44 a.m. ET by Emma Court Drugmakers rush to develop Zika vaccine Mar. 6, 2016 at 8:17 p.m. ET Zika virus vaccine is at least a year and a half away: WHO Feb. 14, 2016 at 12:45 p.m. ET by Emma Court Race to develop first Zika vaccine is on Feb. 2, 2016 at 4:55 p.m. ET Now that outbreak is over, whatever happened to Ebola stocks? Jan. 14, 2016 at 3:07 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski WHO says Merck Ebola vaccine effective in trial Jul. 31, 2015 at 8:39 a.m. ET Rackspace shares fall on revenue outlook May. 11, 2015 at 6:31 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski Newlink shares drop as study data analysis plan goes unchanged May. 11, 2015 at 5:02 p.m. ET by Wallace Witkowski A pair of security-software stocks are in play Mar. 31, 2015 at 1:54 p.m. ET by Kevin Marder Some of the Nasdaq’s leading lights have begun to dim Jan. 15, 2015 at 2:03 p.m. ET by Kevin Marder Leading growth stocks continue to shine Jan. 13, 2015 at 3:08 p.m. ET by Kevin Marder Ebola vaccines ready for West Africa tests: WHO Jan. 9, 2015 at 11:11 a.m. ET New Ebola Outbreak Hits Democratic Republic of Congo Health workers in Democratic Republic of Congo were rushing to contain an outbreak of Ebola virus, scrambling military helicopters to deliver medical aid and ordering house-to-house searches for potential patients in a remote northeastern region. May. 15, 2017 at 2:01 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Vaunted Ebola Vaccine Faces Questions The deadly Ebola outbreak in West Africa two years ago, the worst in recorded history, led to a vaccine that seemingly would stop the next Ebola epidemic in its tracks. Now there are questions about that claim. Apr. 24, 2017 at 6:21 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Why Biotech Looks Like a Good Bet in 2017 Looking for future winners among small- and mid-cap biotech. Bullish on Sarepta, Global Blood, and Versartis. Feb. 18, 2017 at 1:26 a.m. ET on Barron's Online America’s Next Defense Against Zika and Other Foreign Invaders Dec. 15, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: Allergan, Gap, SolarCity, NewLink Genetics, Lumber Liquidators May. 10, 2016 at 9:46 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Drugmakers Scramble to Find Zika Vaccine Mar. 6, 2016 at 8:29 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Drug Industry Starts Race to Develop Zika Vaccine Feb. 2, 2016 at 4:54 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Health Threats Spur Vaccine Hunt Jan. 21, 2016 at 3:35 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal WHO Says Ebola Vaccine Effective in African Trial Jul. 31, 2015 at 6:57 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Stocks to Watch: Exxon, Chevron, LinkedIn, Coca-Cola Jul. 31, 2015 at 9:25 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal NIH Expands Testing of Ebola Drugs and Vaccines Into New Countries Jun. 23, 2015 at 5:41 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Pharmalot.. Pharmalittle.. Good Morning: We’re Catching up on AstraZeneca, Botox and Lots More!! Apr. 15, 2015 at 8:40 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Pharmalot.. Pharmalittle.. Good Morning: We’re Catching up on Pfizer, AstraZeneca and Lots More!! Apr. 13, 2015 at 8:28 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal How the Hottest Biotech Sprouted in Iowa Apr. 12, 2015 at 3:28 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Squabbles Over Testing Methods Hamper Search for Ebola Vaccine Apr. 9, 2015 at 4:42 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Two Experimental Ebola Vaccines Appear to Be Safe in Trial Mar. 26, 2015 at 7:08 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Liberia’s Last Ebola Patient Released From Clinic Mar. 5, 2015 at 7:07 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal New Ebola Vaccine to Be Tested in Guinea Mar. 5, 2015 at 9:32 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal NIH to Start Ebola Vaccine Study With Glaxo, Merck Jan. 23, 2015 at 9:05 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Ebola Vaccines Ready for West Africa Tests This Month, Says WHO Jan. 9, 2015 at 11:05 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Recent News Other News Press Releases New Ebola Outbreak Hits Democratic Republic of Congo Health workers in Democratic Republic of Congo were rushing to contain an outbreak of Ebola virus, scrambling military helicopters to deliver medical aid and ordering house-to-house searches for potential patients in a remote northeastern region. May. 15, 2017 at 2:01 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Charles Brandes Invests in Health Care in 1st Quarter Charles Brandes Invests in Health Care in 1st Quarter May. 11, 2017 at 11:28 a.m. ET on GuruFocus.com EAM Investors, LLC Buys NewLink Genetics Corp, Teladoc Inc, Esperion Therapeutics Inc, Sells ... EAM Investors, LLC Buys NewLink Genetics Corp, Teladoc Inc, Esperion Therapeutics Inc, Sells Horizon Global Corp, CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Inc, Resolute Energy Corp May. 10, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. ET on GuruFocus.com 10-Q: NEWLINK GENETICS CORP 10-Q: NEWLINK GENETICS CORP May. 5, 2017 at 2:06 p.m. ET on Edgar Online - (EDG = 10Q, 10K) 3 Intriguing Cancer Drugs With Data Coming at ASCO Next Month May. 5, 2017 at 8:22 a.m. ET on Motley Fool NewLink Genetics' (NLNK) CEO Charles Link on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript NewLink Genetics' (NLNK) CEO Charles Link on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript May. 4, 2017 at 1:14 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Wall Street Breakfast: Border Wall, Taxes And Tariffs Wall Street Breakfast: Border Wall, Taxes And Tariffs Apr. 25, 2017 at 6:58 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Ebola vaccine faces questions Ebola vaccine faces questions Apr. 25, 2017 at 3:54 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Vaunted Ebola Vaccine Faces Questions The deadly Ebola outbreak in West Africa two years ago, the worst in recorded history, led to a vaccine that seemingly would stop the next Ebola epidemic in its tracks. Now there are questions about that claim. Apr. 24, 2017 at 6:21 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Should Gilead Sciences Acquire NewLink Genetics? Apr. 21, 2017 at 12:02 p.m. ET on Motley Fool NewLink Genetics Corp.: Best Is Yet To Come NewLink Genetics Corp.: Best Is Yet To Come Apr. 21, 2017 at 9:47 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Premarket analyst action - healthcare Premarket analyst action - healthcare Apr. 20, 2017 at 7:54 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha NewLink Genetics: Initiating Coverage With Buy Rating And First Price Target = $24 (Multiple Upcoming Catalysts) NewLink Genetics: Initiating Coverage With Buy Rating And First Price Target = $24 (Multiple Upcoming Catalysts) Apr. 19, 2017 at 12:46 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha NLNK Option Alert: Jun 16 $18 Calls Sweep (26) at the ask: 500 @ 2.351 vs 152 OI; Ref=$17.06 NLNK Option Alert: Jun 16 $18 Calls Sweep (26) at the ask: 500 @ 2.351 vs 152 OI; Ref=$17.06 Apr. 19, 2017 at 10:25 a.m. ET on benzinga.com Incyte +2%; Morgan Stanley ups price target Incyte +2%; Morgan Stanley ups price target Apr. 13, 2017 at 1:52 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha The IDO-Inhibitor Race Is On to Improve Cancer Treatment Apr. 13, 2017 at 10:41 a.m. ET on Motley Fool 3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: Volume 2 3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: Volume 2 Apr. 8, 2017 at 5:23 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha What To Watch In Q2: Upcoming Healthcare Data Releases What To Watch In Q2: Upcoming Healthcare Data Releases Apr. 7, 2017 at 11:29 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Midcap Biopharma Stocks Pick Up In The First Quarter Midcap Biopharma Stocks Pick Up In The First Quarter Apr. 6, 2017 at 3:19 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha NewLink Genetics Unfairly Punished NewLink Genetics Unfairly Punished Apr. 6, 2017 at 2:56 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Newman Ferrara LLP Announces Corporate Governance Investigation of NewLink Genetics Corporation - NLNK Newman Ferrara LLP Announces Corporate Governance Investigation of NewLink Genetics Corporation - NLNK May. 15, 2017 at 9:00 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX NewLink Genetics to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conferences NewLink Genetics to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conferences May. 8, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire NewLink Genetics Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Updates Clinical Trial Guidance NewLink Genetics Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Updates Clinical Trial Guidance May. 4, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire Investor Network: Newlink Genetics Corporation to Host Earnings Call Investor Network: Newlink Genetics Corporation to Host Earnings Call May. 4, 2017 at 7:20 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Lifshitz & Miller LLP Announces Investigation of Bingo Nation Inc., BofI Holding, Inc., Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc., Lion Biotechnologies, Inc., NewLink Genetics Corporation, Power Solutions International, Inc., Walter Investment Management Corp. and XBIOTECH INC. Lifshitz & Miller LLP Announces Investigation of Bingo Nation Inc., BofI Holding, Inc., Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc., Lion Biotechnologies, Inc., NewLink Genetics Corporation, Power Solutions International, Inc., Walter Investment Management Corp. and XBIOTECH INC. May. 3, 2017 at 7:16 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF NewLink Genetics Announces Presentation of Two Abstracts at ASCO NewLink Genetics Announces Presentation of Two Abstracts at ASCO Apr. 21, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire NewLink Genetics to Host Its First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call on May 4, 2017 NewLink Genetics to Host Its First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call on May 4, 2017 Apr. 13, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire NEWLINK GENETICS NOTIFICATION: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Investing In NewLink Genetics Corporation (NLNK) To Contact The Firm NEWLINK GENETICS NOTIFICATION: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses Investing In NewLink Genetics Corporation (NLNK) To Contact The Firm Apr. 4, 2017 at 4:02 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Interim Phase 2 Data Demonstrate Robust Response Rate with Indoximod in Combination with Keytruda(R) (pembrolizumab) for Patients with Advanced Melanoma at AACR Plenary Interim Phase 2 Data Demonstrate Robust Response Rate with Indoximod in Combination with Keytruda(R) (pembrolizumab) for Patients with Advanced Melanoma at AACR Plenary Apr. 4, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire TrovaGene and NewLink Genetics Find Investors Optimistic About Products TrovaGene and NewLink Genetics Find Investors Optimistic About Products Mar. 31, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Blog Coverage PTC Therapeutics Acquires Rights for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy Drug from Marathon for $140 Million Upfront Blog Coverage PTC Therapeutics Acquires Rights for Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy Drug from Marathon for $140 Million Upfront Mar. 17, 2017 at 8:21 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE NewLink Genetics Announces Presentation of Two Abstracts at AACR NewLink Genetics Announces Presentation of Two Abstracts at AACR Mar. 1, 2017 at 5:05 p.m. ET on GlobeNewswire NewLink Genetics Provides Operational & Clinical Update, Reports Fourth Quarter, Year-End 2016 Financial Results NewLink Genetics Provides Operational & Clinical Update, Reports Fourth Quarter, Year-End 2016 Financial Results Feb. 28, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire NewLink Genetics to Host Its Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Financial Results Conference Call on February 28, 2017 NewLink Genetics to Host Its Fourth Quarter and Year End 2016 Financial Results Conference Call on February 28, 2017 Feb. 20, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire NewLink Genetics to Participate in 2017 SunTrust Orphan Drug Day on February 14th Feb. 13, 2017 at 7:01 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire CEVEC Licenses CAP(R) Technologies for the Development and Commercialization of Vaccines Against Zika Virus Infections Feb. 9, 2017 at 11:37 a.m. ET on ACCESSWIRE Lifshitz & Miller Law Firm Announces Investigation of DaVita Inc., First NBC Bank Holdings Company, Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGAA, Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Natural Health Trends Corp., NeoPhotonics Corporation, NewLink Genetics Corporation and PayPal Holdings, Inc. Jan. 18, 2017 at 3:40 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Newman Ferrara LLP Announces Corporate Governance Investigation of NewLink Genetics Corporation Jan. 9, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX NewLink Genetics to Participate in Three Investor Conferences in November Nov. 9, 2016 at 7:01 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire NewLink Genetics Corporation Provides Operational Update and Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Nov. 1, 2016 at 8:01 a.m. ET on GlobeNewswire NewLink Genetics Corp. NewLink Genetics Corp. is a clinical stage immuno-oncology company, which focuses on discovering, developing and commercializing novel immunotherapeutic products to improve cancer treatment options for patients and physicians. Its portfolio includes biologic and small molecule immunotherapy product candidates intended to treat a range of oncology indications. The company's products include HyperAcute Pancreas, HyperAcute Lung, HyperAcute Melanoma, HyperAcute Imunotherapies, NLG8189 and IDO Pathway Inhibitors. NewLink Genetics was founded by Charles J. Link and Nicholas N. Vahanian on June 4, 1999 and is headquartered in Ames, IA. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 5 Full Ratings Benzinga's Top Downgrades May. 11, 2016 at 9:21 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com 13 Stocks To Watch In The Healthcare Space Oct. 27, 2015 at 2:39 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com 10 Biotech Stocks With Catalysts Coming Soon Aug. 20, 2015 at 12:19 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Sinovac Biotech Ltd. -0.19% $295.64M Threshold Pharmaceuticals Inc. 0.73% $35.52M Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. 0.13% $90.66B Johnson & Johnson 2.71% $333.07B Eli Lilly & Co. 0.14% $88.48B Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Trending Tickers Powered by ETRM 31.18% F 0.18% HD 0.26% INCY 1.88% NVDA 5.02% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video South Korea's Celltrion sees rapid take-off for Roche drug copy Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon May 15, 2017 | 12:52pm EDT South Korea's Celltrion sees rapid take-off for Roche drug copy * Celltrion in vanguard of Korean push into biotech drugs * Rituxan biosimilar on sale in UK, Germany, Netherlands By Ben Hirschler LONDON, May 15 The South Korean company behind the first cut-price copy of Roche's blockbuster biotech cancer drug Rituxan anticipates rapid sales growth in Europe as healthcare providers embrace the cheaper medicine. Celltrion is leading a pharmaceuticals drive by South Korean firms, which aim to adapt the manufacturing skills that made the country a force in microchips and smartphones to the complex world of biotech drugs. It already has a strong track record, after earlier winning EU approval for the first antibody-based biotech drug, a copy of Johnson & Johnson and Merck's rheumatoid arthritis treatment Remicade. Cut-price copies of that so-called biosimilar grabbed more than a third of the market within a year of being launched in big EU countries in the third quarter of 2015, and Celltrion's strategy head thinks his Rituxan copy could do even better. "It will be similar or even faster - that's our expectation," Ho-Ung Kim said on Monday during a visit to London. Celltrion won European approval in February for its biosimilar version of Rituxan for leukaemia, lymphoma and rheumatoid arthritis. It is currently sold in Britain, Germany and the Netherlands, with more countries set to follow shortly. A second Rituxan biosimilar, from Novartis, was recommended for approval last month, which Kim said would add to downward pressure on prices. Many analysts have been surprised by the depth of discounts offered on biosimilars, with copies of Remicade selling for 70 percent less than the original brand in Nordic countries and at a discount of around 40 percent in other European markets. Kim said deep discounts had been used to promote the economic benefits of biosimilars, a strategy he argued was paying off as both healthcare providers and medical experts embraced them as safe and cost-effective. Because biotech drugs are made inside living cells it is impossible to make exact generic copies, which has led to uncertainty over how quickly they will erode sales when patents expire on expensive, branded biological drugs. But the potential savings on multibillion-dollar sellers like Roche's Rituxan and its breast cancer drug Herceptin, as well as AbbVie's Humira for rheumatoid arthritis, make the potential savings a big attraction for governments and insurers. Prescription drug data tracker IMS estimated last year that lower-cost biosimilars could save the United States and leading European markets as much as $110 billion by 2020. Samsung BioLogics, the South Korean conglomerate's contract biotech drug manufacturing arm, is also developing a range of biosimilars through its Samsung Bioepis subsidiary, as the government in Seoul champions a sector it sees as a major future exporter. (Editing by Greg Mahlich) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News Euro tops $1.10 for first time since French election results LONDON, May 16 The euro topped $1.10 for the first time since the results of the second round of the May 7 French presidential run-off on Tuesday, as the dollar weakened across the board on doubts over whether U.S. interest rates would rise next month. TABLE-Saudi consumer price deflation deepens in April May 16 Saudi Arabia's Central Department of Statistics released the following April consumer price data on Tuesday, showing consumer prices dropping year-on-year for a fourth straight month. In January, inflation turned negative for the first time in over a decade. SAUDI CONSUMER INFLATION 04/17 03/17 04/16 pct change month/month 0.1 -0.1 0.2 pct change year/year -0.6 -0.4 4.2 NOTE. Food and beverage prices UPDATE 4-Singapore sovereign fund GIC pares UBS stake at a loss * Shares sold at 16.1 Sfr vs 16.61 Sfr Monday close - sources MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video WHO preparing authorization, logistics for Ebola vaccination in Congo if n... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Mon May 15, 2017 | 10:31am EDT WHO preparing authorization, logistics for Ebola vaccination in Congo if needed By Kate Kelland | LONDON LONDON The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Monday its experts have not yet decided whether to use newly developed vaccines to try to contain an outbreak of Ebola in Congo, but officials are making preparations just in case. A second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo was confirmed by the WHO on Sunday after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases. A spokesman for the Geneva-based U.N. health agency told Reuters the WHO was working with specialists to conduct an epidemiological investigation "to better understand the extent of the current outbreak" and to establish who is at risk of becoming infected with Ebola. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, but it would up to the WHO and others to determine "if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted". The WHO spokesman said "preparations are being accelerated to ensure that vaccine and equipment be available on site" and "appropriate ethical and regulatory authorization are being sought". He added that "if pertinent" an immunization strategy known as ring vaccination would be the recommended approach. Ring vaccination involves tracing all the people who might have been in recent contact with a newly diagnosed Ebola patient and offering them the vaccine. Results of a trial using this technique with the Merck shot in Guinea showed 100 percent protection in those vaccinated immediately. Health officials in Congo are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people, mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. (Editing by Alison Williams) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Health News Cholera death toll in Yemen reaches at least 180: Red Cross ADEN/DUBAI Cholera has killed at least 180 people in Yemen in recent weeks, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Monday, a day after authorities declared a state of emergency in the capital Sanaa and called for international help. Ceaseless Middle East wars forcing change in approach to medical care BEIRUT The Middle East's protracted conflicts have caused a region-wide health crisis that goes beyond war wounds to heightened resistance to antibiotics and a collapse in vaccination drives, leading to a resurgence of diseases tamed in peacetime. Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search WHO preparing authorisation, logistics for Ebola vaccination in Congo if needed by Reuters Monday, 15 May 2017 14:28 GMT In this file 2014 photo, health workers stand at the entrance to a quarantine zone in a Red Cross facility in the town of Koidu, Kono district in Sierra Leone. REUTERS/Baz Ratner About our Humanitarian coverage From major disaster, conflicts and under-reported stories, we shine a light on the world’s humanitarian hotspots Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Sex trafficking, child marriages linked, study of Mexico finds US governor rejects measure to ban child marriage In crackdown, Malawi jails 35 illegal loggers seized in national park In drought-hit Niger, women’s savings could be route to resilience Haitian activists urge U.S. not to deport quake refugees Second case of Ebola in DRC was confirmed by the WHO on Sunday after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases * Second case confirmed in Congo at weekend * WHO works to understand extent of outbreak, potential risk * Vaccine doses available should WHO decide to deploy By Kate Kelland LONDON, May 15 (Reuters) - The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Monday its experts have not yet decided whether to use newly developed vaccines to try to contain an outbreak of Ebola in Congo, but officials are making preparations just in case. A second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo was confirmed by the WHO on Sunday after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases. A spokesman for the Geneva-based U.N. health agency told Reuters the WHO was working with specialists to conduct an epidemiological investigation "to better understand the extent of the current outbreak" and to establish who is at risk of becoming infected with Ebola. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, but it would up to the WHO and others to determine "if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted". The WHO spokesman said "preparations are being accelerated to ensure that vaccine and equipment be available on site" and "appropriate ethical and regulatory authorisation are being sought". He added that "if pertinent" an immunisation strategy known as ring vaccination would be the recommended approach. Ring vaccination involves tracing all the people who might have been in recent contact with a newly diagnosed Ebola patient and offering them the vaccine. Results of a trial using this technique with the Merck shot in Guinea showed 100 percent protection in those vaccinated immediately. Health officials in Congo are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people, mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. (Editing by Alison Williams) Themes Health and Disease Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE Humanitarian NEWS Cholera death toll in Yemen reaches at least 180 - Red Cross WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo outbreak Congo death signals new Ebola outbreak-ministry Original FACTBOX-Key facts about Ebola as Congo case reported About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News In first, U.S. man sentenced for transgender hate crime FEATURE-Loans for storing crops help Niger's farmers absorb climate shocks Murder and trolling: rights campaigners face "full-frontal assault" - Amnesty Hundreds flee gang warfare in Honduras' murder city Data drive to help farmers cope with climate change via their smartphones One in four children in Arab world live in poverty - UNICEF study Innovative finance needed to find $300 billion a year for climate losses ANALYSIS-Brazil, home of Amazon, rolls back environmental protection In rare victory, Indian sex trafficking survivor gets compensation cash Bowing to new rules, Singapore gay pride rally bars foreigners Join Us
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Credit Suisse Pharma Picks Ahead of Catalysts By Paul Ausick May 15, 2017 11:35 am EDT Print Email Tweet Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan has released an outlook on the pharmaceutical sector. While the weighting for the sector is Market Weight, there are some positives in the call. The firm’s initial look is that it’s time for the sector to catch its breath after the first quarter and before the next wave of catalysts. The firm sees the large-cap pharma sector dividing itself into three distinct groups: those with a clear upside due to new products or underappreciated product pipelines; those whose valuation is their primary attribute; and those with balanced risk/reward outlooks ahead of “some important catalysts.” The first group includes Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK), Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) and Allergan PLC (NYSE: AGN). The second group includes Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Teva Pharmaceuticals International Ltd. (NYSE: TEVA). The third group comprises Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) and AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV). Divan had these comments on Merck, Eli Lilly and Allergan, its top picks: Merck (and Lilly) will receive a boost from what we expect to be very rapid uptake of Keytruda in combination with Alimta in the large 1st line non-squamous, non-small lung cancer market. … Since we upgraded MRK in Aug 2016 we have been waiting for possible upside from other pipeline assets or through business development. Unfortunately we are still waiting, but we are willing to give them a little more time while Keytruda continues to carry things. For Lilly Friday’s galcanezumab news helps illustrate the diversity of their new product story. … Beyond having top line growth that we currently expect to be near the top of its sector, we also expect Lilly to continue to deliver on its expense management goals, driving significant margin expansion possibilities over the next 5+ years. Allergan’s stock has given back ~$15 over the last couple weeks, and we agree the near-term catalyst calendar is relatively limited. We continue to be impressed by the growth of their aesthetics business (anchored by Botox and fillers), however, and also see significant potential in the pipeline …. Credit Suisse’s view on Pfizer and Teva is more restrained: Pfizer and Teva offer compelling valuations, but we see limited excitement otherwise. Both … trade at discounts, and that is enough for us to maintain our Outperform ratings on both stocks for now. For Pfizer, questions around Xtandi are now added on top of an Ibrance franchise that is slowing and a Prevnar franchise in modest decline. … For Teva we wait for a full-time CEO to be appointed and a clearer understanding of their long-term strategy. Positive Phase 3 data from fremanezumab (anti-CGRP) next month could at least provide some near-term reason for excitement and upside while we wait for more longer-term clarity. Finally, Bristol-Myers Squibb and AbbVie appear balanced, according to Credit Suisse: Bristol-Myers Squibb will likely move in conjunction with [AstraZeneca] following the release of topline MYSTIC data. … Continued M&A speculation will likely provide downside support even in the face of negative news flow so if the stock slides to the high $40s/low $50s we would get more constructive on the name. We are surprised by the strength in ABBV over the past month as we head into the IPR decision on the Humira ‘135 patent. Following that decision (expected on or before May 17) we may have a little better understanding of Humira’s longevity in the US, but key for us also is additional insights on major pipeline assets such as Rova-T and risankizumab, both of which will generate important data later this year. Here’s a chart from Credit Suisse that outlines their picks: Source: Credit Suisse Merck traded flat Monday morning, at $63.57 in a 52-week range of $53.59 to $66.80. The consensus 12-month price target is $69.53. Eli Lilly stock traded up less than 0.1%, at $80.23 in a 52-week range of $64.18 to $86.72. The consensus price target is $89.10. Shares of Allergan traded down about 0.8% to $228.98, in a 52-week range of $184.50 to $261.27. The consensus price target is $274.91. Pfizer traded up about 0.3%, at $33.12 in a 52-week range of $29.83 to $37.39. The consensus price target is $37.89. Teva’s stock traded up about 1% to $32.20, in a 52-week range of $30.20 to $56.44. The consensus calls for a 12-month target of $37.75. Bristol-Myers Squibb traded up about 0.1%, at $55.09 in a 52-week range of $46.01 to $77.12. The 12-month price target is $57.18. AbbVie traded up about 0.4%, at $66.31 in a 52-week range of $55.06 to $68.12. The consensus 12-month price target is $71.13. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why Analysts Are Growing Bullish on Salesforce Ahead of Earnings Homebuilder Confidence Climbs in May » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Allergan, Inc. (NYSE:AGN), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 11 Medical Conditions Aspirin Can Treat States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft Retailers Closing the Most Stores States Investing the Most and Least in Children American Cities Where China Is Investing the Most Recent Warren Buffett’s Top Stock Holdings Keep Changing Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 J.C. Penney, Verizon Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Johnson & Johnson, Cisco Systems Lift DJIA Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Answered! How Frequently Should I Pay Off My Credit Cards? 3 Key Takeaways From Cirrus Logic's Q4 Earnings FANG Stocks Are Absolutely Crushing It in 2017 -- Time to Buy, Sell, or Hold? Tribune's Tronc Inc. to buy Chicago Sun-Times owner Dow finishes up 0.4% Nasdaq Composite climbs 0.5% to finish at an all-time high Waymo's Relationship with Uber Has Reached Point of No Return Cisco (CSCO) to Report Q3 Earnings: What's in the Cards? U.S. Rig Count Rises for 17 Consecutive Weeks Anheuser-Busch announces $11 million brewery expansion AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise Delta Wants To Replace Human Check-In Agents With Facial Recognition Kiosks Teacher Resigns After Sending Shockingly Anti-Gay Letter To Student Newspaper The Tech Giant Suing Uber Is Taking Its Technology To Lyft Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Hausa Opinion Play Games About Us Contact Us Careers Advert Rates Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Menu Home News Headline Stories Top News More News Foreign Investigations Business News Reports Analysis and Data Business Specials Opinion Health News Reports Investigations Data and Infographics Health Specials Features Events Primary Health Tracker Agriculture News Report Research & Innovation Data & Infographics Special Reports/Features Investigations Interviews Markets Arts/Life Arts/Books Kannywood Lifestyle Music Nollywood Travel Sports Oil/Gas Reports FAAC Reports Revenue Projects Parliament Watch AGAHRIN Panama Papers WHO yet to decide on use of new Ebola vaccine May 15, 2017Agency Report Related News The World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Monday that its experts had not yet decided whether to use newly developed vaccines to try to contain an outbreak of Ebola in Congo, but said officials were making preparations just in case. A second Ebola death in Democratic Republic of Congo was confirmed by the WHO on Sunday after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases. A spokesperson for the Geneva-based WHO told Reuters the organisation was working with specialists to conduct an epidemiological investigation “to better understand the extent of the current outbreak”. The spokesperson also added that the origanisation was investigating to establish who was at risk of becoming infected with Ebola. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, but it would be up to the WHO and others to determine “if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted”. The WHO spokesman said “preparations are being accelerated to ensure that vaccine and equipment be available on site” and “appropriate ethical and regulatory authorisation are being sought”. He added that “if pertinent” an immunization strategy known as ring vaccination would be the recommended approach. Ring vaccination involves tracing all the people who might have been in recent contact with a newly diagnosed Ebola patient and offering them the vaccine. Results of a trial using this technique with the Merck shot in Guinea showed 100 percent protection in those vaccinated immediately. Health officials in Congo are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people, mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. (Reuters/NAN) Telegram Tweet Email Print WhatsApp More Share on Tumblr Pocket Press This Like this: Like Loading... SHARING Telegram Tweet Email Print WhatsApp More Share on Tumblr Pocket Press This Like this: Like Loading... DOWNLOAD THE PREMIUM TIMES MOBILE APP Now available on   TEXT AD:WARNING TO MEN: These 3 Foods is Killing Your Erection. Click Here to Know Them... All rights reserved. This material and any other material on this platform may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, written or distributed in full or in part, without written permission from PREMIUM TIMES. More in Top News Attack on journalists, activists, protesters in West, Central Africa reach dangerous levels Trial of former ministers, Fani-Kayode, Nenadi Usman begins June Nigeria – Benin rail line underway as experts discuss West African infrastructure projects JAMB to move UTME to Ilorin if LAUTECH students protest continues Ondo permanent secretary kidnapped near Abuja Peace Corps sues Nigeria Police, SSS, others, demands N2 billion compensation Top News Attack on journalists, activists, protesters in West, Central Africa reach dangerous levels Trial of former ministers, Fani-Kayode, Nenadi Usman begins June Nigeria – Benin rail line underway as experts discuss West African infrastructure projects Search Our Stories Podcasts ﻿ Classified Ads All content is Copyrighted © 2017 The Premium Times, Nigeria. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Health News WHO preparing authorisation, logistics for Ebola vaccination in Congo if needed Shares1 Mon, 15 May 2017-08:07pm , Reuters The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Monday its experts have not yet decided whether to use newly developed vaccines to try to contain an outbreak of Ebola in Congo, but officials are making preparations just in case. A second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo was confirmed by the WHO on Sunday after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases. A spokesman for the Geneva-based U.N. health agency told Reuters the WHO was working with specialists to conduct an epidemiological investigation "to better understand the extent of the current outbreak" and to establish who is at risk of becoming infected with Ebola. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, but it would up to the WHO and others to determine "if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted". The WHO spokesman said "preparations are being accelerated to ensure that vaccine and equipment be available on site" and "appropriate ethical and regulatory authorisation are being sought". He added that "if pertinent" an immunisation strategy known as ring vaccination would be the recommended approach. Ring vaccination involves tracing all the people who might have been in recent contact with a newly diagnosed Ebola patient and offering them the vaccine. Results of a trial using this technique with the Merck shot in Guinea showed 100 percent protection in those vaccinated immediately. Health officials in Congo are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people, mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health Potassium is a much underestimated natural nutrient Health New hope after sex change op Health Yogini turned Instagram sensation Natasha Noel reveals benefits of outdoor yoga Health Generics cut cost of Hep care: Dr Poonam Khetrapal Singh Health First womb transplant slated on May 18, Pune hospital readies for procedure Health Haryana: Nutrient programme suffers blow due to vaccine rumours in Mewat Related New Ebola vaccine developed, found to be highly effective Guinea trial shows 'historic' success for Ebola vaccine Video WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg View all Tags Guinea Central African Republic Liberia Reuters Sierra Leone West Africa World Health Organization Democratic Republic of Congo Merck The World Health Organization GAVI U. N. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News INX Media case: CBI raids premises of P Chidambaram, son Turkey orders arrest of 85 ministry staff in post-coup probe - CNN Turk Guj to withdraw proposal to declare nilgai, wild pigs as HC allows minor caught in custody battle to pursue education in the US 'Will not announce in advance': Rajnath Singh hints at retaliation against Pakistan Sport Reuters Sports Schedule at 0645 GMT on Tuesday, May 16 Rugby-Montpellier keen to lure Picamoles back from Northampton Tennis-Time away has been key for Federer, Nadal, says Corretja Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Tuesday, May 16 Recovering KL Rahul eyes Sri Lanka series for comeback Entertainment 'Sarkar 3' and 'Meri Pyaari Bindu' present a SORRY state of affairs at the Box Office! Salman Khan's 'Tubelight' becomes the FIRST movie EVER to have it's own Twitter emoji! Salman Khan records his FIRST Marathi song in 45 minutes! Priyanka Chopra just announced that 'Quantico' WILL have a season 3! After creating immense buzz with its release, his HRX ad ?Keep Going? has now been declared as one of the best 10 ads of the month on YouTube. Money Mumbai, MAY 16 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Indiana governor welcomes Infosys, announces India visit Goods transporters' strike leaves Karachi paralysed Mumbai, MAY 16 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, MAY 16 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video WHO preparing authorisation, logistics for Ebola vaccination in Congo if n... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Mon May 15, 2017 | 8:02pm IST WHO preparing authorisation, logistics for Ebola vaccination in Congo if needed By Kate Kelland | LONDON LONDON The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Monday its experts have not yet decided whether to use newly developed vaccines to try to contain an outbreak of Ebola in Congo, but officials are making preparations just in case. A second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo was confirmed by the WHO on Sunday after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases. A spokesman for the Geneva-based U.N. health agency told Reuters the WHO was working with specialists to conduct an epidemiological investigation "to better understand the extent of the current outbreak" and to establish who is at risk of becoming infected with Ebola. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, but it would up to the WHO and others to determine "if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted". The WHO spokesman said "preparations are being accelerated to ensure that vaccine and equipment be available on site" and "appropriate ethical and regulatory authorisation are being sought". He added that "if pertinent" an immunisation strategy known as ring vaccination would be the recommended approach. Ring vaccination involves tracing all the people who might have been in recent contact with a newly diagnosed Ebola patient and offering them the vaccine. Results of a trial using this technique with the Merck shot in Guinea showed 100 percent protection in those vaccinated immediately. Health officials in Congo are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people, mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. (Editing by Alison Williams) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In World News South Korea says North's missile launch was a success if IRBM development was its aim SEOUL South Korea's defence minister said in parliament on Tuesday North Korea's most recent missile launch should be considered a success if Pyongyang was aiming for the development of an intermediate range ballistic missile. Smog in key northern China region rises in first four months of year SHANGHAI Air pollution in a key Chinese region surrounding Beijing worsened in the first four months of this year, despite tough new campaigns to enforce green regulations and punish offenders, official data published on Tuesday showed. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Homes of ex-finance minister Chidambaram, son searched in criminal probe Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading WHO preparing authorization, logistics for Ebola vaccination in Congo if needed Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search WHO preparing authorization, logistics for Ebola vaccination in Congo if needed Advertisement Health WHO preparing authorization, logistics for Ebola vaccination in Congo if needed 15 May 2017 10:35PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail LONDON: The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Monday its experts have not yet decided whether to use newly developed vaccines to try to contain an outbreak of Ebola in Congo, but officials are making preparations just in case. A second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo was confirmed by the WHO on Sunday after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases. A spokesman for the Geneva-based U.N. health agency told Reuters the WHO was working with specialists to conduct an epidemiological investigation "to better understand the extent of the current outbreak" and to establish who is at risk of becoming infected with Ebola. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, but it would up to the WHO and others to determine "if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted". The WHO spokesman said "preparations are being accelerated to ensure that vaccine and equipment be available on site" and "appropriate ethical and regulatory authorization are being sought". Advertisement Advertisement He added that "if pertinent" an immunization strategy known as ring vaccination would be the recommended approach. Ring vaccination involves tracing all the people who might have been in recent contact with a newly diagnosed Ebola patient and offering them the vaccine. Results of a trial using this technique with the Merck shot in Guinea showed 100 percent protection in those vaccinated immediately. Health officials in Congo are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people, mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. (Editing by Alison Williams) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
null
About Us NAN News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Terms & Conditions Contact Us News – List Large Videos News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) -- May 16, 2017 Follow @nanonlineng News Agency of Nigeria News Politics Sports Entertainment Health LifeStyle Newsroom Login News Agency of Nigeria News Politics Sports Entertainment Health LifeStyle Newsroom Login Philippine Extrajudicial Killings: Duterte faces ICC Syndicates sell fake UTME questions for N200K How UN backs N/Korea chemical weapon programme Apapa port roads for face lift Student imprisoned after robbery charge My motivation: Pere, First Class Lincoln varsity grad In this category: International Criminal Court ICC Philippine extrajudicial killings Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Fake questions JAMB UTME Chemical weapons North Korea United Nations (UN) Apapa port NPA Chijioke Samson robbery charge Lincoln University Perewari Victor Pere Probe widens into Russia’s interference in U.S. election Lagos Council Polls: PDP replies Tinubu Budget for NASS inadequate — Reps member Tinubu: PDP will win nothing in Lagos council poll INEC boss Yakubu pledges better polls than 2015 INEC predicts better future elections In this category: U.S. election probe U.S. President Donald Trump APC Asiwaju Bola Tinubu PDP Budget nass Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu Lagos council election INEC Chairman Professor Mahmood Yakubu US ambassador Mr Stuart Symington Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Prof. Mahmood Yakubu French Open decides on Sharapova today Bafana Bafana will give Nigeria hell, says Baxter Chelsea FC mark championship with thriller Federer dumps French Open for Wimbledon Female marathoner didn’t expect to win Opera Mini unveils Victor Moses as brand ambassador In this category: French Open French Tennis Federation Maria Sharapova Bafana Bafana Stuart Baxter Super Eagles Chelsea FC English Premier League Watford FC Roger Federer tennis news Deborah Pam Female marathoner Marathon Okpekpe race Opera Mini Victor Moses. Opera ‘The Avengers’ actor Powers Boothe is dead McCullough wins Miss USA pageant, set for world contest Sobral of Portugal wins Eurovision song contest IBB says everybody invited to daughter’s wedding David Beckham stars in Hollywood film Diddy beats Jay-Z for richest hip-hop artist In this category: Actor Powers Boothe hollywood The Story of Jim Jones Kara McCullough Miss USA pageant Eurovision Song Contest Portugal Salvador Sobral IBB's daughter David Beckham King Arthur film Forbes rich list Jay Z Sean Diddy Combs world hip hop artistes Ajimobi gives N200K to two babies Meningitis kills 8 in Kaduna – Commissioner WHO confirms 2nd Ebola case in Congo No woman should die of childbirth- UNFPA Ebola outbreak: WHO adopts measures to support DR Congo Oyo State Govt. to offer free medical services In this category: Free medical mission Governor Abiola Ajimobi Oyo state Kaduna Meningitis WHO confirms 2nd Ebola case in Congo Prof. Babatunde Osotimehin UNFPA Women DR Congo Ebola Medical services Video: Halima Babangida’s wedding in Minna Abdullahi pays N500k, 10 cows for Halimat Babangida Saudi Arabia, Iran battle for Senegal’s muslims Messi to sign sweetheart ‘contract deal’ in Rosario IBB’s daughter ties the knot Friday Franco, World’s fattest man loses 300kg after surgery In this category: Auwal Abdullahi Halima Babangida wedding in Minna Alhaji Auwal Abdullahi Bride Price General Ibrahim Babangida Iran Shiites Saudi sunnis Senegal muslims Antonella Roccuzzo Lionel Messi Halimat Babangida IBB's daughter marriage Juan Pedro Franco world's fattest man WHO confirms 2nd Ebola case in Congo 18 hours ago 0 165 0 18 hours ago 0 165 0 WHO confirms 2nd Ebola case in Congo The World Health Organisation on Monday confirmed that a second Ebola case in Congo. “So far there are 19 suspect cases, including three deaths and two lab-confirmed cases,” a WHO spokesperson in Geneva said via e-mail. The first case was confirmed on Friday in Bas-Uele province in the north-east. The WHO has said the outbreak appears to be limited to that remote area, and that there is no need for travel restrictions for the time being. The Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, a continent-wide mechanism to monitor disease outbreaks, said it had activated its emergency operational centre to monitor the situation in Congo. The Central African country has suffered seven previous outbreaks of Ebola since the virus was discovered in the country in 1976. The last outbreak, in 2014, left 49 people dead. The haemorrhagic fever has been most detrimental in West Africa, where it claimed more than 11,000 lives in 2014 to 2015. The WHO declared Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries that had been most effected by the epidemic, free of Ebola in 2016. GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, after the WHO confirmed a fatal case in Congo. The vaccine, known as “rVSV-ZEBOV”, was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published in December 2016. On DEc. 23, 201, an experimental Ebola vaccine was highly protective against the deadly virus in a major trial in Guinea, according to results published in The Lancet. The vaccine is the first to prevent infection from one of the most lethal known pathogens, and the findings add weight to early trial results published in 2016 The vaccine, called rVSV-ZEBOV, was studied in a trial involving 11 841 people in Guinea during 2015. Among the 5837 people who received the vaccine, no Ebola cases were recorded 10 days or more after vaccination. In comparison, there were 23 cases 10 days or more after vaccination among those who did not receive the vaccine. The trial was led by WHO, together with Guinea’s Ministry of Health, Medecins sans Frontieres and the Norwegian Institute of Public Health, in collaboration with other international partners. “While these compelling results come too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa’s Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenceless,” said Dr Marie-Paule Kieny, WHO’s Assistant Director-General for Health Systems and Innovation, and the study’s lead author. The vaccine’s manufacturer, Merck, Sharpe & Dohme, this year received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the United States Food and Drug Administration and PRIME status from the European Medicines Agency, enabling faster regulatory review of the vaccine once it is submitted. Since Ebola virus was first identified in 1976, sporadic outbreaks have been reported in Africa. The 2013–2016 West African Ebola outbreak, which resulted in more than 11 300 deaths, highlighted the need for a vaccine. The trial took place in the coastal region of Basse-Guinée, the area of Guinea still experiencing new Ebola cases when the trial started in 2015. The trial used an innovative design, a so-called “ring vaccination” approach, the same method used to eradicate small pox. When a new Ebola case was diagnosed, the research team traced all people who may have been in contact with that case within the previous three weeks, such as people who lived in the same household, were visited by the patient, or were in close contact with the patient, their clothes or linen, as well as certain “contacts of contacts”. A total of 117 clusters (or “rings”) were identified, each made up of an average of 80 people.   I found this interesting I didin't find this interesting Join the Conversation Most Read News Livestock breeders upbeat on tapping genetic resources Football Opera Mini unveils Victor Moses as brand ambassador News FG establishes website, reactivates YouTube News Why local language Newspapers fail in Nigeria News EFCC re-arraigns Fani-Kayode, Nenadi Usman Latest News Philippine Extrajudicial Killings: Duterte faces ICC 16 mins ago Labour Journalists, seamen down tools in Greece 47 mins ago News Syndicates sell fake UTME questions for N200K 55 mins ago News How UN backs N/Korea chemical weapon programme 1 hour ago News Apapa port roads for face lift 2 hours ago Metro Student imprisoned after robbery charge 2 hours ago Education My motivation: Pere, First Class Lincoln varsity grad 2 hours ago Economy Ford to sack 20,000 workers worldwide 2 hours ago Metro Pope appoints Nigerian Okolo as envoy to Ireland 3 hours ago News No Paris Club debt money stolen, says NGF 3 hours ago Load More Court transfers INEC officials' graft case to Port-Harcourt Previous Female marathoner didn't expect to win Next No one knows Nigeria like NAN With substantial reach and mobility across the 36 states of Nigeria, we are always where the news is. For over three decades, NAN has evolved an efficient and effective news gathering network of professional correspondents and world class information gathering system for credible , unbiased and authoritative news as it breaks. FYI About Us Contact Us Popular Posts Botswana permits former Presidents to work Nigerian, Shuaibu arrested for robbing banks in U.S. Africa drum festival holds in Nigeria Back to top Copyright © 2016 News Agency of Nigeria. Powered by Metric Internet
Home Primetime Movies USA News UK News Latest News Most Read News (Today) Most Read (30days) Mobile Show Menu ~Home News General Top Stories Breaking News Crime/Legal Hausa Business Health Education Technology Travel Religion Romance Local Niger Delta News North South East West Showtime Music Videos Music Artists Celebrities AMAA Nollywood Politics Government Sports Soccer Odd World USA News Canada News UK News Africa Photos Video Movies Gossips Popular Links: Buhari Football EFCC Boko Haram Trending Nigerian Names Politics Home | News | General | WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo Top ideas for ANKARA fashion outfits for COUPLES! FACT CHECK: Buhari is not dead, did not visit THIS global leader on May 13 (photo) WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo Mandy Oteng 18 hours 28 minutes ago 1 0 View Comments The World Health Organisation on Monday confirmed the second Ebola case in the Democratic Republic of Congo. “So far, there are 19 suspected cases, including three deaths and two lab-confirmed cases,” a WHO spokesperson in Geneva said via an e-mail. The first case was confirmed on Friday in Bas-Uele province in the north-east. The WHO has said the outbreak appears to be limited to that remote area, and that there is no need for travel restrictions for the time being. The Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, a continent-wide mechanism to monitor disease outbreaks, said it had activated its emergency operational centre to monitor the situation in Congo. The Central African country has suffered seven previous outbreaks of Ebola since the virus was discovered in the country in 1976. The last outbreak, in 2014, left 49 people dead. The haemorrhagic fever has been most detrimental in West Africa, where it claimed more than 11,000 lives between 2014 and 2015. The WHO declared Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries that had been most effected by the epidemic, free of Ebola in 2016. NAN reports that the GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, after the WHO confirmed a fatal case in Congo. The vaccine, known as ‘rVSV-ZEBOV,’ was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published in December 2016. NAN reports that an experimental Ebola vaccine was highly protective against the deadly virus in a major trial in Guinea, according to results published in The Lancet. The vaccine is the first to prevent infection from one of the most lethal known pathogens, and the findings add weight to early trial results published in 2016 The vaccine, called rVSV-ZEBOV, was studied in a trial involving 11,841 people in Guinea during 2015. Among the 5,837 people who received the vaccine, no Ebola cases were recorded 10 days or more after vaccination. In comparison, there were 23 cases 10 days or more after vaccination among those who did not receive the vaccine. The trial was led by WHO, together with Guinea’s Ministry of Health, Medecins sans Frontieres and the Norwegian Institute of Public Health, in collaboration with other international partners. “While these compelling results came too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa’s Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenceless,” said Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny, WHO’s Assistant Director-General for Health Systems and Innovation, and the study’s lead author. The vaccine’s manufacturer, Merck, Sharpe & Dohme, this year received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the United States Food and Drug Administration and PRIME status from the European Medicines Agency, enabling faster regulatory review of the vaccine once it is submitted. Since Ebola virus was first identified in 1976, sporadic outbreaks have been reported in Africa. The 2013–2016 West African Ebola outbreak, which resulted in more than 11,300 deaths, highlighted the need for a vaccine. The trial took place in the coastal region of Basse-Guinée, the area of Guinea still experiencing new Ebola cases when the trial started in 2015. The trial used an innovative design, a so-called “ring vaccination” approach, the same method used to eradicate smallpox. When a new Ebola case was diagnosed, the research team traced all people who may have been in contact with that case within the previous three weeks, such as people who lived in the same household, were visited by the patient, or were in close contact with the patient, their clothes or linen, as well as certain “contacts of contacts.” A total of 117 clusters (or “rings”) were identified, each made up of an average of 80 people. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM: General view more articles About Article Author Chuka (Webby) Aniemeka Chuka is an experienced certified web developer with an extensive background in computer science and 18+ years in web design &development. His previous experience ranges from redesigning existing website to solving complex technical problems with object-oriented programming. Very experienced with Microsoft SQL Server, PHP and advanced JavaScript. He loves to travel and watch movies. View More Articles Related Article UNBELIEVABLE!! Meet 5 People Who Survived The Impossible And Got The Lives Of Their Dreams 3 Types Of “Weed” Out There You Need To Know (Read) Enosoregbe and Agugbom Win NPA Tennis 100 Most Popular News Ebola: Minister of Health Directs Health Workers To Screen All Fevers 0 LAUTECH Students Stop JAMB Candidates From Entering Campus 0 Bayo Omoboriowo Celebrates President Buhari 0 Two Nigerians Nearly Killed In South Africa 0 BBN's Gifty Is Ready To 'Quench Her Single Status' But Needs Suggestions On Who To Date 0 Garba Shehu Reacts To President Buhari's Death Rumors: Nothing Unpleasant Has Happened To The President 0 I don't want to be the president of Biafra - Kanu 0 Anyone with a case of corruption against me should blow whistle – Governor Ortom 0 Confession of teenage Boko Haram girl 0 Faydee – Nobody ft. Kat Deluna x Leftside (KWM Edit) 0 Shekarau: Fayose Is A Living Legend, Other Leaders Should Copy Him 0 Ndume’s Supporters Protest As Saraki, Dino, Other Senators Attend Wedding In Maiduguri 0 IPOB condemn continuous detention of five members 0 See how 2 Nigerians were also mobbed to death in South Africa (photos) 0 Ondo monarch spits fire, says he is the leader of all Yoruba Obas 0 Where this community in Benue state gets drinking water from will break your heart (Video) 0 Pastor Adeboye sends message of hope to Nigerians 0 Osama Bin Laden's son threatens US over father's death, SEE what he said (photo) 0 This Trump’s jaw-dropping luxury estate with 12 full bathrooms now on sale for N8.9b (photos) 0 Court officials delaying IPOB members' release because of N10,000 bribe - Nnamdi Kanu's lawyer (Video) 0 Buhari’s health: Stop deceiving Nigerians – Adeyemi attacks Tinubu 0 APC chieftain drags El-Rufai to court, demands N500m damages 0 State of affairs tough in Nigeria – Lucky Igbinedion 0 Ronaldo nets 400th Real Madrid goal 0 Biafra: IPOB has no right to restrict movement, force people to sit at home – Activist, Ugochukwu‎ Osuagwu 0 How Boko Haram groomed me to kill – 14-year-old suspected suicide bomber 0 It is abominable to wish Buhari dead – Alaafin warns Nigerians 0 Herdsmen attack Niger mosque, kill 21 worshipers 0 Manchester City to sell Iheanacho for £20 million 0 82 Chibok girls to meet their parents‎ Friday 0 My newborn baby cried for days without food – Blessing 0 Ikoyigate: Make your findings public, Timi Frank urges Osinbajo 0 Apapa-Oshodi expressway: Maritime workers issue 21-day strike notice to FG 0 Fresh supremacy crisis brews among Obas 0 A day old baby sold for N850,000; mother gets N250,000 0 Osinbajo “ll assent to 2017 budget immediately it is received from N/Assembly 0 Manchester City to Dump Iheanacho 0 Gov. Ortom Declares 3 Day Fasting For President's Healing: Buhari Is The Medicine For Nigeria; We Need Him To Take Us To The Promised Land 0 Manchester City To Sell Kelechi Iheanacho for £20 million 0 Iyaloja drags Olubadan, others to court over removal 0 JAMB: No candidate to write exam outside centre of choice 0 Okpekpe Road Race: I didn’t know I’ll win, says fastest Nigerian female 0 Salesman in court for absconding with N161,000 0 SON seizes 213 assorted toiletries, organises sensitisation programmes in Kaduna 0 Man docked for defrauding septuagenarian landlady 0 Farmers/Herdsmen clashes: Former DIG wants FG to check proliferation of small arms 0 Fake prophet bags 25 months’ imprisonment for stealing, impersonation 0 Don lauds FG’s establishment of national action plan on genetic resources 0 Bin Laden’s son threatens U.S. over father’s death 0 Man arraigned in court for raping neighbour’s daughter 0 Saraki, Patience Jonathan, others, arrive Abuja for Dino Melaye’s book launch 0 Saraki, Patience Jonathan, others, shut down Abuja for Dino Melaye’s book launch 0 Conte, Pochettino Nominated For Premier League Manager Of The Season 0 Alexis, Hazard, Alli nominated for Premier League Player of the Season award 0 Iyaloja drags Olubadan of Ibadan to court 0 Buhari’s health: Stop deceiving Nigerians – Adeyemi attacks Tinubu 0 Opera Announces Victor Moses As Brand Ambassador In Africa 0 What recession! Last night, Davido spent over 5k pounds in a London nightclub 0 Thief who specializes in stealing party cooking pots apprehended in Delta state (photos) 0 Photos: Acting president Yemi Osinbajo pictured preaching at a branch of RCCG in Abuja yesterday 0 We’ll win future elections in Enugu – PDP 0 Abuja Judge Transfers INEC Officers’ Trial To Port Harcourt Over Alleged Wike Bribe 0 Starboy Wizkid finally accepts his second baby mama and son 0 Isiaka Adeleke: Osun deputy governor appears before coroner 0 'I’m the leader of Yoruba monarchs' -Olugbo of Ugbo land 0 Banky W Unveils “Songs About U” Album Playlist 0 Pepenazi – Ase ft. Tiwa Savage & Masterkraft 0 BREAKING: Angry LAUTECH students stop JAMB from conducting UTME in their school 0 9 Boko Haram terrorists storm village in search of food, kill 11 farmers 0 I don’t want to be Biafra president — Nnamdi Kanu 0 UPDATE: Video of flood overtaking Abuja Airport is reportedly fake (Video) 0 Akeredolu begs Ondo workers to sacrifice outstanding salaries, arrears 0 Osinbajo to sign Budget 2017 into law - Presidency 0 What I know about Senator Adeleke's death - Osun dep gov at coroner court to give her own account 0 Old pictures of a fabulous Mercy Johnson's WEDDING DRESS ✿ We just can't stop looking them through 0 Amazing! See the first and oldest church in Nigeria 0 Top ideas for ANKARA fashion outfits for COUPLES! 0 Curse those looting Nigeria’s money three times daily – MURIC begs Nigerians 0 How printer allegedly raped neighbour’s 14-year-old daughter 0 Drama as ‎LAUTECH students prevent UTME candidates from entering school premises 0 Saraki, Patience Jonathan, others, shut down Abuja for Dino Melaye’s book launch 0 All Obas in Yoruba land are under me – Oba Akinruntan 0 Alleged Wike’s bribe: Judge moves trial of 23 INEC officers from Abuja to Port Harcourt 0 Alexis, Hazard, Alli nominated for Premier League Player of the Season award 0 Conte, Pochettino nominated for Premier League Manager of the Season 0 Wenger aims dig at West Ham for failing to beat Liverpool 0 Isiaka Adeleke’s death: Late Senator didn’t eat at my grandmother’s burial – APC Chairman, Akintola 0 "Curse Looters Three Times Daily" -- Muslim Group Tells Nigerians.... 0 "I Discovered I Was Pregnant While In Prison" -- Nigerian Lady Deported From Libya.... Photo 0 Photos; Married Boxer 'Robbed Of His $40K Watch While Celebrating With Women In Hotel Room' 0 Family 'Kicked Off' A Plane For Bringing On A Birthday Cake. Photos 0 Photos Of Accident Between A Container Truck And Saloon Car In Lagos.... 0 Photos Of IPOB Members Bowing Down To Nnamdi Kanu Spark Heated Online Debate.... 0 Super Eagles Star Ogenyi Onazi To Donate Gifts To Talents Back Home. Photos 0 Jay Jay Okocha, Ronaldinho Open Confederation Cup Fans’ Park In Russia. Photos 0 Jilted Boyfriend Gang-rapes His Ex-girlfriend For Allegedly Refusing To Marry Him. Photos 0 WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo 0 VIDEO: G-Druz – Slow Ft. Skales 0 Jah Prayzah's manager in accident 0 Death at a funeral as kombi stunts goes awry 0 1 2 3 Displaying 1 - 100 of 276 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Trending Stories Official: 321 Visually Impaired Candidates To Take 2017 UTME 0 Drama As Passengers Fight Dirty Inside Plane in Mid-air 0 Watchout of Fake Foreign Agencies That Promise Work Abroad...Here's the 'Evil' Behind It 0 Buhari’s Government Goes Emotional As TB Joshua Prepares To Leave Nigeria 0 See What Male Corps Member Did To 940 Student 0 show all articles Top Stories Breaking: Cultists On Rampage,15 Feared Dead In Rivers 0 TOUCHING! Meet The 'Okada Man' Who Has No Fingers On His Hands (Photos) 0 SAD!Pregnant Woman Dies, Daughter Husband Injured In Car Crash 0 Fatal Accident Along Benin Highway Leaves 20 Dead (Photos) 0 Ghastly Accident At Ikeja-Along This Morning (Photo) 0 SAD! Naked Corpses Of Rape Victims Dumped In Ikorodu, Lagos (Graphic Photos) 0 Top 5 Deadliest Bank Robberies Across Nigeria In 2015 (Photos) 0 Notorious Armed Robbers Police Arrested In Port Harcourt (Photo) 0 SAD: Vehicle Crushes 4 Year Old Girl In Mother’s Shop In Lagos 0 Cult Members Kill 2 Traders Over Toll 0 Ooni of Ife’s Coronation Ceremony Begins (Photos) 0 Prostitution In Nigeria: 3500 Male Sex Workers Discovered In Abuja 0 Deplorable State Of Nigerians Deported From The UK 0 Murtala Muhammed’s Uncle, Magajin Garin Kano, Dies At 98 0 show all articles More from General Love You So Much That My Heart Aches – Mercy Johnson Gushes Over Husband On His Birthday HIV Positive Nigerian Woman Hides Her Status From Her Husband Before Marriage Nigerians On Twitter React To Couple Who Trekked To Get Married On Mount Everest INSPIRING! See Photo Of The 20-yr-Old Bride Who Made Her Wedding Dress Without Sewing Machine LAUTECH Students Shut Gate Of The Institution Against UTME Candidates Scheduled To Write Exams show all articles Popular Articles "Nigerians should stop politicising Buhari’s health status" The 82 Chibok Girls and other stories By Reuben Abati Appeal court dismisses Amaechi’s case against Nyesom Wike 'I'll rather quit politics entirely than join APC - ex Abia state governor, Theodor Orji says Yemi Osinbajo Congratulates French President-elect Emmanuel Macron Recommended Meet The First Ladies: 6 North East Governors' Wives And Facts You Never Knew About Them (photos) Boko Haram Leader, Shekau Allegedly Injured In Brutal Airstrike Near Sambisa Forest Obasanjo's Wife Reveals: 'My Son’s Wedding An Occultic Ceremony' LifeStyle Articles This Is How To Satisfy A Woman And Make Her Scream Your Name During S3x Lent Period: 6 Interesting Facts Only Catholics May Know Fan Tells Chimamanda On Facebook: Your Book, “Dear Ijeawele” Is Dead On Arrival 30 Questions To Ask Before Agreeing to Marry Divorce Seeking Husband Tells Court: My Wife Is 3 Months Pregnant For Another Man 6 Slightly Odd Ways Your Religion Is Causing More Harm Than Good How To Make Any Woman Cum Faster With These 3 Killer S3x Positions 7 Signs To Know If You Are Dating A Retired Prostitute How Do Females Cope With Male Gynaecologists? 5 Simple Rules That Will Help Kick Start Your Ride To Greatness Most Read Articles Ebola: Minister of Health Directs Health Workers To Screen All Fevers   The Minister of Health, Professor Isaac Adewole has directed all health workers in the country to maintain high index of suspicion, by screening all fevers LAUTECH Students Stop JAMB Candidates From Entering Campus   Angry students of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH), Ogbomoso, Oyo State, on Monday morning, prevented candidates who are billed to write 2017 JAMB examination Bayo Omoboriowo Celebrates President Buhari   Bayo Omoboriowo showed his gratitude to President Buhari's for taking him in not just as his personal photographer but more of a son. In an Instagram Two Nigerians Nearly Killed In South Africa Photos of two Nigerians who were reportedly mauled by South Africans have surfaced online. The Nigerians were brutalised at Kuruman, Northern Cape, Martin Ogbaje who shared BBN's Gifty Is Ready To 'Quench Her Single Status' But Needs Suggestions On Who To Date Controversial former Big brother reality star, Gifty Powers has been adamant in her claims that she's single, even though musician, Mr. 2Kay has claimed otherwise. show all articles Latest Comments Latest Photo Galleries Ambode Commissions Newly Upgraded Tinubu Square Fountain Ambode vows to preserve Lagos historical, cultural heritage  Commissions newly upgraded Tinubu Square Fountain Lagos State Governor, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode on Friday expressed the resolve of his View gallery 9 Photos Photos of Celebrities That Attended Toke Makinwa's Slumber Party In Lagos Last night in Lagos on the eve of the New Years weekend, Toke Makinwa threw a fabulous pyjama party. Taking over the luxurious pamper house, View gallery 9 Photos World News Zanu PF regime is now a mafia organisation 0 Debate on the rand gathers momentum 0 DStv Zimbabwe payments tightened further 0 show all articles Popular Articles Senate tackles banks over oil firms’ $63b capital flight 0 How Boko Haram ‘charms teenage suicide bombers’ 0 UTME: JAMB arrests cyber cafe operators for selling information to candidates for N10,000 0 show all articles Latest News Love You So Much That My Heart Aches – Mercy Johnson Gushes Over Husband On His Birthday 0 HIV Positive Nigerian Woman Hides Her Status From Her Husband Before Marriage 0 Nigerians On Twitter React To Couple Who Trekked To Get Married On Mount Everest 0 show all articles © 2009 - Copyright Onlinenigeria.com. All Rights reserved.
Menu About Contact More Menu 1 Menu 2 Menu 3 Menu 4 Menu twitter facebook google rss linkedin dribbble pinterest Menu Home About Nigeria Decides Sports Entertainment Music Lifestyle Fashion Metro World Update Opinion Videos Latest Nigeria News Latest News in Nigeria World Update Nigerians in Diaspora Search Home » World Update » WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo 1:35 PM 0 World Update A+ A- Print Email The World Health Organisation on Monday confirmed the second Ebola case in the Democratic Republic of Congo. “So far, there are 19 suspected cases, including three deaths and two lab-confirmed cases,” a WHO spokesperson in Geneva said via an e-mail. The first case was confirmed on Friday in Bas-Uele province in the north-east. The WHO has said the outbreak appears to be limited to that remote area, and that there is no need for travel restrictions for the time being. The Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, a continent-wide mechanism to monitor disease outbreaks, said it had activated its emergency operational centre to monitor the situation in Congo. The Central African country has suffered seven previous outbreaks of Ebola since the virus was discovered in the country in 1976. The last outbreak, in 2014, left 49 people dead. The haemorrhagic fever has been most detrimental in West Africa, where it claimed more than 11,000 lives between 2014 and 2015. The WHO declared Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries that had been most effected by the epidemic, free of Ebola in 2016. NAN reports that the GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, after the WHO confirmed a fatal case in Congo. The vaccine, known as ‘rVSV-ZEBOV,’ was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published in December 2016. NAN reports that an experimental Ebola vaccine was highly protective against the deadly virus in a major trial in Guinea, according to results published in The Lancet. The vaccine is the first to prevent infection from one of the most lethal known pathogens, and the findings add weight to early trial results published in 2016 The vaccine, called rVSV-ZEBOV, was studied in a trial involving 11,841 people in Guinea during 2015. Among the 5,837 people who received the vaccine, no Ebola cases were recorded 10 days or more after vaccination. In comparison, there were 23 cases 10 days or more after vaccination among those who did not receive the vaccine. The trial was led by WHO, together with Guinea’s Ministry of Health, Medecins sans Frontieres and the Norwegian Institute of Public Health, in collaboration with other international partners. “While these compelling results came too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa’s Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenceless,” said Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny, WHO’s Assistant Director-General for Health Systems and Innovation, and the study’s lead author. The vaccine’s manufacturer, Merck, Sharpe & Dohme, this year received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the United States Food and Drug Administration and PRIME status from the European Medicines Agency, enabling faster regulatory review of the vaccine once it is submitted. Since Ebola virus was first identified in 1976, sporadic outbreaks have been reported in Africa. The 2013–2016 West African Ebola outbreak, which resulted in more than 11,300 deaths, highlighted the need for a vaccine. The trial took place in the coastal region of Basse-Guinée, the area of Guinea still experiencing new Ebola cases when the trial started in 2015. The trial used an innovative design, a so-called “ring vaccination” approach, the same method used to eradicate smallpox. When a new Ebola case was diagnosed, the research team traced all people who may have been in contact with that case within the previous three weeks, such as people who lived in the same household, were visited by the patient, or were in close contact with the patient, their clothes or linen, as well as certain “contacts of contacts.” A total of 117 clusters (or “rings”) were identified, each made up of an average of 80 people. Share to: Next Newer Post Previous Older Post Post a Comment Default Disqus nigerianeye 218168578325095 Nigeria News Comments are Moderated. Clean Comments will be swiftly approved. No swear words, no racism, allowed. Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Popular nigeria news Comments Archive   xzb Looking for nigerian newspapers online, Visit NigerianEye, Your Online nigeria newspaper for nigeria news today, check nigeria news online at NigerianEye.com, for summary of nigerian newspapers today nollywood news today, Sports News and More Nigeria News Today. Your online Nigerian Newspaper © 2013. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Blogger Top
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: News [BREAKING] WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo Published May 15, 2017May 15, 2017 Share Tweet Share Pin it +1 The World Health Organisation on Monday confirmed the second Ebola case in the Democratic Republic of Congo. “So far, there are 19 suspected cases, including three deaths and two lab-confirmed cases,” a WHO spokesperson in Geneva said via an e-mail. The first case was confirmed on Friday in Bas-Uele province in the north-east. The WHO has said the outbreak appears to be limited to that remote area, and that there is no need for travel restrictions for the time being. The Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, a continent-wide mechanism to monitor disease outbreaks, said it had activated its emergency operational centre to monitor the situation in Congo. The Central African country has suffered seven previous outbreaks of Ebola since the virus was discovered in the country in 1976. The last outbreak, in 2014, left 49 people dead. The haemorrhagic fever has been most detrimental in West Africa, where it claimed more than 11,000 lives between 2014 and 2015. The WHO declared Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries that had been most effected by the epidemic, free of Ebola in 2016. NAN reports that the GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday that some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak, after the WHO confirmed a fatal case in Congo. The vaccine, known as ‘rVSV-ZEBOV,’ was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published in December 2016. NAN reports that an experimental Ebola vaccine was highly protective against the deadly virus in a major trial in Guinea, according to results published in The Lancet. The vaccine is the first to prevent infection from one of the most lethal known pathogens, and the findings add weight to early trial results published in 2016 The vaccine, called rVSV-ZEBOV, was studied in a trial involving 11,841 people in Guinea during 2015. Among the 5,837 people who received the vaccine, no Ebola cases were recorded 10 days or more after vaccination. In comparison, there were 23 cases 10 days or more after vaccination among those who did not receive the vaccine. The trial was led by WHO, together with Guinea’s Ministry of Health, Medecins sans Frontieres and the Norwegian Institute of Public Health, in collaboration with other international partners. “While these compelling results came too late for those who lost their lives during West Africa’s Ebola epidemic, they show that when the next Ebola outbreak hits, we will not be defenceless,” said Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny, WHO’s Assistant Director-General for Health Systems and Innovation, and the study’s lead author. The vaccine’s manufacturer, Merck, Sharpe & Dohme, this year received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the United States Food and Drug Administration and PRIME status from the European Medicines Agency, enabling faster regulatory review of the vaccine once it is submitted. Since Ebola virus was first identified in 1976, sporadic outbreaks have been reported in Africa. The 2013–2016 West African Ebola outbreak, which resulted in more than 11,300 deaths, highlighted the need for a vaccine. The trial took place in the coastal region of Basse-Guinée, the area of Guinea still experiencing new Ebola cases when the trial started in 2015. The trial used an innovative design, a so-called “ring vaccination” approach, the same method used to eradicate smallpox. When a new Ebola case was diagnosed, the research team traced all people who may have been in contact with that case within the previous three weeks, such as people who lived in the same household, were visited by the patient, or were in close contact with the patient, their clothes or linen, as well as certain “contacts of contacts.” A total of 117 clusters (or “rings”) were identified, each made up of an average of 80 people. (dpa/NAN) Share Tweet Pin it +1 Ebola WHO Anxiety over ‘strange’ black soot in Port Harcourt FG confirms two new polio cases WHO to begin malaria vaccine programme in Ghana, others Five die as train slams into bus WHO pushes for higher tax to reduce tobacco consumption Modern life, bad habits: Africa faces deadly new illnesses Environmental risks kill 1.7 million kids under five yearly – WHO Edo, WHO partner on health care delivery Trending FUNAAB VC defies FG’s suspension order Photographer torture: Autopsy report faults Oyo police Hoodlums attack Lagos mining firm, steal N5.2m Alleged Wike’s bribe: FCT judge transfers INEC officers’ trial to P’Harcourt Does 2017 budget show FG’s commitment to diversification of economy? Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Veterinary Anti-infectives Market is Expected to Grow at a Highest CAGR of 12.6% by 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Veterinary Anti-infectives market is accounted for $4.79 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.11 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 9.6% from 2015 to 2022. Growing zoonotic and foodborne diseases and greater livestock production are the key factors fueling the market growth. Increased competition for cultivated land and cost effective production are the major factors that are hampering the market growth. On the other hand, with constant innovation and quick technological advancements, the probability of decreasing the cost of anti-infective drugs is high. Some of the key players in the market include Novartis Animal Health, Inc., Virbac, Boehringer Ingelheim, Zoetis, Ceva Animal Health, Bayer healthcare, Heska Corporation, Merial Animal Health, Bioniche Animal Health Canada, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc.,Sanofi-Aventis, Pfizer Inc. and Elanco. Browse a Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/veterinary-antiinfectives-global-market-outlook-2015-2022 Species Covered: Farm animal Poultry Sheep Cattle Fish Swine Companion Animals Horses Dogs Cats Disease Covered: Beta-lactams Marbofloxacine Amminosidin Freeze-dried ceftiofur Oxytetracycline Florfenicol Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184716 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments Market share analysis of the top industry players Strategic recommendations for the new entrants Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184716 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email:sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsVeterinary Anti-infectives Market, Veterinary Anti-infectives Market Share, Veterinary Anti-infectives Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Smart Food Market Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2022: Focus on Food Type, End Products & Region – Key Players are Ingredion, Cargill, Balchem, Sensient Technologies, Symrise, and Kerry Group – Research and Markets Next PostNext A-Share Listed Electronic Components Companies in China – Total Production Volume of Electronic Components in China Was Over 3 Trillion in 2016 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Anti-Viral Drugs Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR over 6.9% post 2022 “”Market Research Future published a Half-Cooked Research Report (HCRR) on Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market. Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.9% during the period 2016 to 2022″” Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market Information, by Application (hepatitis, HIV/AIDS, Herpes, Influenza) and Mechanism of Action (Nucleotide Polymerase Inhibitors, Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitors, Protease Inhibitors) – Forecast to 2022 Market Overview: Anti-Viral Drugs are used to treat viral infections and are the only agents acting against viruses as either other drugs are ineffective or too toxic. The market segment of anti-viral drugs is driven by factors such as rise in healthcare expenditure, growing research and development investment, emergence of virus life-threatening diseases like bird flu, strong development pipeline and increasing incidence rates of viral infections particularly HIV. WHO has estimated that in 2015 about 36.7 million people are suffering from HIV/AIDS with 1.1 million deaths occurring due to AIDS-related illness the emergence of donor funding in the treatment of the disease has also increased the demands of anti-viral drug market. Strong research pipeline coupled with rise in research and development investment will be the market driver of the future. The constraints on the market include side effects associated with treatment, the cost of the therapy and poor efficacy and effectiveness of the drugs. Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2454 Key Players: The major participants of this market are: Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co. Inc., Gilead Sciences Inc., Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Abbott Laboratories, Novartis International AG, AstraZeneca AB, Cipla Inc. and others. Study Objectives Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market: To provide detail analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 7 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the global anti-viral drugs market To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth To analyze the market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc. To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective To provide country level analysis of the market for segments by application, by mechanism of action and other sub segments. To provide overview of key players and their strategic profiling in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments globally. Access the market data and market information presented through more than 25 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 84 numbers of pages of the project report “Anti-Viral Drugs Market – Forecast to 2022” Market Segmentation: Global anti-viral drugs market has been segmented on the basis of on the basis of application, which comprises hepatitis, HIV/AIDS, herpes, influenza and others. On the basis of mechanism of action; market is segmented intonucleotide polymerase inhibitors, reverse transcriptase inhibitors, protease inhibitors and others. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/anti-viral-drugs-market-2454 Intended Audience Anti-viral drugs Manufacturers Anti-viral drugs Suppliers Private Research Laboratories Research and Development (R&D) Companies Market Research and Consulting Service Providers Government Research Laboratories Contract Manufacturing Organizations List of Tables Table 1    Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Table 2    Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, By Application, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Table 3    Global Anti-Viral Drugs Market, By Mechanism of Action, 2013-2022 (USD MILLION) Continued….. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members Media Contact Company Name: Market Research Future Contact Person: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Address:Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/anti-viral-drugs-market-2454 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Science, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nano Sensors Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2022, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Next PostNext Nano Sensors Market report covers detailed competitive outlook including the market share and company profiles of the key participants operating in the global market. Worldwide Nano Sensors Market 2022, presents critical information and factual data about the Nano Sensors Market globally, providing an overall statistical study of the Nano Sensors Market on the basis of market drivers, Nano Sensors Market limitations, and its future prospects. The prevalent global Nano Sensors trends and opportunities are also taken into consideration in Nano Sensors Market study. Global Nano Sensors Market 2022 report has Forecasted Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in % value for particular period for Nano Sensors Market, that will help user to take decision based on futuristic chart. Report also includes key players in global Nano Sensors Market. The Nano Sensors Market size is estimated in terms of revenue (US$) and production volume in this report. Various Nano Sensors industry leading players are studied with respect to their company profile, product portfolio, capacity, price, cost and revenue. Request Sample Copy of Report Here: https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10785230 The Top Companies Report is intended to provide our buyers with a snapshot of the industry’s most influential players Top Key Players Included: Analog Devices Robert Bosch Denso Omron Roche Nimblegen Sensonor Silicon Designs Stmicroelectronics Further in the Nano Sensors Market research report, following points are included along with in-depth study of each point: Production Analysis- Production of the Nano Sensors is analysed with respect to different regions, types and applications. Here, price analysis of various Nano Sensors Market key players is also covered. Sales and Revenue Analysis- Both, sales and revenue are studied for the different regions of the global Nano Sensors Market. another major aspect, price, which plays important part in the revenue generation is also assessed in this section for the various regions. Supply and Consumption- In continuation with sales, this section studies supply and consumption for the Nano Sensors Market. This part also sheds light on the gap between supple and consumption. Import and export figures are also given in this part. Competitors- In this section, various Nano Sensors industry leading players are studied with respect to their company profile, product portfolio, capacity, price, cost and revenue. Have any query regarding the Nano Sensors Market report? Ask our Experts @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10785230 All aspects of the Nano Sensors Market are quantitatively as well as qualitatively assessed to study the global as well as regional Nano Sensors Market comparatively. The basic information such as the definition of the Nano Sensors Market, prevalent Nano Sensors Market chain, and the government regulations pertaining to the Nano Sensors Market are also discussed in the report. The Nano Sensors Market has been segmented as below: By Product Analysis: Force Sensors Biosensors Radiation Sensors Chemical Sensors Thermal Sensors By Regional Analysis: • United States • EU • China • Japan • South Korea • Taiwan By End Users/Applications Analysis: Consumer Electronics Power Generation Automotive Petrochemical Aerospace and Defense Healthcare Industrial Others Price (Single User Licence): $3500 No. of pages: 114 Get the Full Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10785230 The product range of the Nano Sensors Market is examined on the basis of their production chain, Nano Sensors pricing of products, and the profit generated by them. Various regional markets for Nano Sensors are analysed in this report and the production volume and efficacy of the Nano Sensors Market across the world is also discussed. Search Recent Posts Religious Freedom and Human Rights Advocates to Pray and Peacefully Risk Arrest in Front of White House During the President of Turkey’s Visit There this Tuesday Eighty Year Old Children’s Ministry Organization Experiencing Increasing Growth Fujitsu and 1QBit Collaborate on Quantum Inspired AI Cloud Service Fujitsu Launches Deep Learning Platform System Offering World-Class Speed Global Oligosaccharide Market Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pneumonia Diagnostic Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    According to Stratistics MRC, the global Pneumonia Diagnostic market is accounted for $xx million in 2016 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2016 to 2022. Gaithersburg, Maryland, U.S. – May 15, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Factors such as developing innovative technologies and products, increasing patient awareness and improving productivity of diagnosing pneumonia are boosting the market growth. Advent of new drugs and advance treatment facilitates are going to provide new market opportunities to emerge. However, there is no particular treatment available to detect the pneumonia as its symptoms coincide with diseases like bronchitis, common cold and asthma which are restraining the market growth. Request for sample here: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pneumonia-diagnostic-market Chest X-ray and CT scan are generally recommended for the diagnosis of pneumonia diagnostics. North America is the largest market due to increasing resistance to multi drugs by microorganisms and increasing geriatric population. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing market owing to prevalence of disease in several countries including India, Japan and Bangladesh. Additionally, high awareness and disposable income are potential growth factors. Access the complete report at: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pneumonia-diagnostic-market Some of the key players in global Pneumonia Diagnostic market are Abbott, Affymetrix, Beckman Coulter Inc, Becton Dickinson, BioMerieux, Bio-Rad, Cepheid, Diamedix, Elitech Group, Qiagen, Siemens, Thermo Fisher Scientific, GlaxoSmithCline and Merck & Co. Make an inquiry at: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pneumonia-diagnostic-market Treatments Covered: o Vaccines o PCV13 o PPV23 o Antibiotics o Amoxicillin o Cephalosporin o Penicillin o Tetracycline o Vancomycin o Fluoroquinolones Tests Covered: o Blood Test o Bronchoscopy o Chest X ray o Chest Computed Tomography (CT) Scan o Pulse Oximetry o Pleural Fluid Culture o Sputum Test End Users Covered: o Clinics o Diagnostic Centres o Hospitals o Commercial/Private Labs o Other End Users Regions Covered: o North America o US o Canada o Mexico o Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific o Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn at: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. Contact Info: Name: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Organization: Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd Address: SMRC Sales Office, 17049 King James Way, Gaithersburg, MD, 20877, USA +1-301-202-5929 Phone: +1-301-202-5929 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/pneumonia-diagnostic-market-size-share-report-analysis-trends-forecast-to-2022/199483 For more information, please visit http://www.strategymrc.com/ Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 199483 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Global Network Management Software Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 6.44% and Forecast to 2021 (Mon 15th May 17) Hybrid Power Systems Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Mon 15th May 17) Food Ingredients Sterilization Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Mon 15th May 17) Herbal Supplements Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Mon 15th May 17) Video Management Software (VMS) Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Mon 15th May 17) Automotive Brake Fluid Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Mon 15th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Electric Bike Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Coffee Machine Global Market 2017 Key Players,Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Adult Vaccines Market Major Manufacturers, Trends, Demand, Share Analysis to 2022 Global Adult Vaccines Industry Latest Report on Adult Vaccines Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study In this report, the global Adult Vaccines market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Adult Vaccines in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Adult Vaccines market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including GlaxoSmithKline Sanofi Pasteur Merck Novartis Pfizer BioCSL (Seqirus) Protein Sciences … Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1238995-global-adult-vaccines-market-research-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Influenza Cervical Cancer Zoster Shingles Pneumococcal Meningococcal MMRV Hepatitis DTP Travel and Miscellaneous On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Adult Vaccines for each application, including Medical Care Healthy Hospita If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1238995-global-adult-vaccines-market-research-report-2017 Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Adult Vaccines Market Research Report 2017  1 Adult Vaccines Market Overview  1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Adult Vaccines 1.2 Adult Vaccines Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Adult Vaccines Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Adult Vaccines Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Influenza 1.2.4 Cervical Cancer 1.2.5 Zoster Shingles 1.2.6 Pneumococcal 1.2.7 Meningococcal 1.2.8 MMRV 1.2.9 Hepatitis 1.2.10 DTP 1.2.11 Travel and Miscellaneous 1.3 Global Adult Vaccines Segment by Application 1.3.1 Adult Vaccines Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Medical Care 1.3.3 Healthy 1.3.4 Hospita 1.4 Global Adult Vaccines Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Adult Vaccines Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Adult Vaccines (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Adult Vaccines Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Adult Vaccines Market Competition by Manufacturers  2.1 Global Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Adult Vaccines Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Adult Vaccines Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Adult Vaccines Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Adult Vaccines Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Adult Vaccines Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Adult Vaccines Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Adult Vaccines Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Adult Vaccines Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @     https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1238995-global-adult-vaccines-market-research-report-2017 3 Global Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017)  3.1 Global Adult Vaccines Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Adult Vaccines Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Adult Vaccines Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Adult Vaccines Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Adult Vaccines Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Adult Vaccines Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Adult Vaccines Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Adult Vaccines Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Adult Vaccines Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Adult Vaccines Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Adult Vaccines Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Adult Vaccines Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Adult Vaccines Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Adult Vaccines Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Adult Vaccines Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Adult Vaccines Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Adult Vaccines Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAdult Vaccines, adult vaccines growth, adult vaccines industry, adult vaccines industry trends, adult vaccines manufacturer, adult vaccines market growth, adult vaccines market size, adult vaccines market trends, global adult vaccines industry, Global Adult Vaccines Market, Global Adult Vaccines Market Trends, medical devices, Medical Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious #BECREATIVE #BEINSPIRED #BEPUBLISHED SEMINAR (3 JUNE 2017) Next PostNext Kellton Tech Collaborates with SAP to Develop S/4 HANA Video Series Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Multiplex Assays Market by Product & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Multiplex Assays Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 15, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Multiplex Assays market is accounted for $2.68 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $4.7 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2015 to 2022. Growing demand for high throughput and automated systems will offer a significant growth opportunity over the forecast period. Some factors such as rising safety & efficacy of therapies, growing advantages of multiplexing over conventional assays and improving validation for biomarkers are contributing the market growth. However, huge capital investments and shortage of skilled labour are negatively affecting the market. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/multiplex-assays-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 R&D segment registered a largest market share during the forecast period attributed to easy and closer grades offered by multiple assays. North America commanded the largest market share followed by Europe. Furthermore, Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. Some of the key vendors participated in this market include Randox Laboratories Ltd., Seegene Inc., Becton, Dickinson and Company, Qiagen N.V., Illumina, Inc., Luminex Corporation, Meso Scale Diagnostics, LLC, Merck KGAA, Abcam PLC, Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc. and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Technologies Covered: - Multiplex Arrays o Multiplex Bead-Based Array o Multiplex Planar Arrays - Multiplex Pcr - Other Technologies Product and Services Covered: - Multiplex Assay Accessories - Multiplex Assay Consumables - Multiplex Assay Instruments - Software and Services End User Covered: - Hospitals - Academic & Research Institutes - Clinical Laboratories - Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Companies - Other End Users Assays Types Covered: - Protein-Based Multiplex Assays o Bead-Based Protein Assays o Planar Protein Assays - Nucleic Acid-Based Multiplex Assays o Bead-Based Nucleic Acid Assays o Planar Nucleic Acid Assays Application Covered: - Companion Diagnostics - Research & Development o Biomarker Discovery and Validation o Drug Development - Diseases & Disorders o Allergies o Autoimmune Diseases o Cancer o Alzheimers Disease o Infectious Diseases o Cardiac Diseases Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564964/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 12 Company Profiling 12.1 Randox Laboratories Ltd. 12.2 Seegene Inc. 12.3 Becton, Dickinson and Company 12.4 Qiagen N.V. 12.5 Illumina, Inc. 12.6 Luminex Corporation 12.7 Meso Scale Diagnostics, LLC 12.8 Merck KGAA 12.12 Abcam PLC 12.10 Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc. 12.11 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564964/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Remicade Biosimilar Market Value Share, Analysis and Segments 2016-2026 About the drug and drug class: Biosimilar can be defined as a type of biological product that is highly similar to an already FDA approved drug, known as reference biological product. Biosimilars are drugs licensed by U.S. FDA and European Medicine Agency (EMA) and reflect no clinical and meaningful differences from the reference products in terms of safety, purity, efficacy and effectiveness. These biosimilar drugs can only be approved for the indications and conditions that have been previously approved for the reference product by big regulatory agencies. Remicade (infliximab) is a monoclonal antibody originally produced by Janssen Biotech Inc., and Merck & Co. (MSD) in partnership and licensed by the U.S. FDA in 1998. It is used in the treatment of Crohn’s disease in both adult and pediatric patients. Additionally it is also used for treatment of active ulcerative colitis, moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methroxate, spinal and active psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis. The U.S. FDA has approved a biosimilar drug similar to Remicade, named Inflectra, on 05 April, 2016, which is expected to erode the market share of Remicade due to lower competitive pricing. Inflectra (infliximab dyyb) is sold in the European market, after receiving an approval from the EMA’s CHMP in June, 2013 under the brand name Remsima (developed by South Korea’s Celltrion Healthcare and marketed by Pfizer’s Hospira). The drug Remsima is sold at a discount of 30% than that of original Remicade in 11 European markets including UK, France, Germany and Italy. Another Japanese company, Nippon Kayaku launched Infliximab BS in Japan on 28 November 2014 – however, the Japanese license only covers Crohn’s disease, rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis indications. The U.S. FDA has now launched Remicade’s biosimilar Inflectra, which is only the second biosimilar drug to be approved by the agency. Request For Report Sample@  http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1413            Drivers and Restraints: Drivers for the Remicade biosimilar include rising incidence of autoimmune diseases particularly rheumatoid arthritis and plaque psoriasis, early patent expiry of the branded version, discounted pricing across the European market and faster reaction times due to intravenous mode of administration. Further, entry of biosimilar version could provide financial relief on healthcare systems and improve patient’s accessibility to essential medication. Barriers of the Remicade biosimilar include serious side effects associated with the use of drug that could lead to hospitalization or even be fatal. These include tuberculosis, bacterial sepsis, invasive fungal infections (such as histoplasmosis) and others. As such, manufacturer of the drug has been mandated to include a “Boxed Warning” to alert both healthcare professionals and patients. Further, complex nature of the molecule and lack of FDA approved facilities for manufacturing the drug are factors that could restrain the growth of the drug’s market in developing regions. Market Segmentation: The Remicade (infliximab) biosimilar market is segmented based on approved disease indications and regions. By Disease Indication Crohn’s disease Rheumatoid arthritis Ankylosing spondylitis Psoriatic arthritis Ulcerative Colitis Plaque psoriasis By Regions North America Western Europe Eastern Europe Asia Pacific excluding Japan Japan Latin America MEA Market Overview: Early loss of patent exclusivity is one the major factors that could fuel attractive market growth of the Remicade biosimilar over the forthcoming years. Rising prevalence of relevant autoimmune disorders coupled with discounted pricing of the Remicade biosimilar in European markets are factors expected to contribute to increased referral and consumption of the drug. Development of faster approval procedures and proper U.S. FDA approved manufacturing facilities in the regional nodal countries are factors that contribute to increased drug uptake. Further, distinct naming and transparent labeling to ensure correct prescribing and dispensing and enhanced post-marketing surveillance are factors that could contribute largely towards prescriber confidence, and enhanced market uptake of the drug over the coming years. However, safety issues concerning manufacturing facilities along with potential side effects of drug consumption could hamper for acceptance of infliximab biosimilar over the long run. Remicade Biosimilar Market: Region- wise Outlook: Depending on geographic regions, global Remicade biosimilar market is segmented into seven key regions: North America, South America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Japan and Middle East & Africa. In terms of geography, Europe dominates the Remicade biosimilar market, followed by Japan and Latin America. The prime reason for the same is the launch of the biosimilar version soon after the patent expiry of the branded version. However, systematic and faster drug review process is expected to create revenue traction in markets over North America and other regions. Stringent regulatory approval procedures and streamlined manufacturing guidelines, particularly in the Central and South American nations, could lead to development of effective regional manufacturing and distribution strategies for Remicade biosimilars. Finally, rising government support for development of biosimilar drugs and low switching tendency from physicians secure the future market growth of the biosimilar in the near term. Visit For TOC@  http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1413  Remicade Biosimilar Market: Key Players: Some of the key market players in Remicade (infliximab – mAb) market are Janssen Biotech Inc., Merck &Co., Pfizer Inc. (AC. Hospira), Celltrion Inc., Alvogen, Napp Pharmaceuticals, and Nippon Kayaku. CategoriesGoogle News TagsHealthcare, Remicade Biosimilar Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Motion Detector Market Report 2021: Development Trends, Drivers, Market Entry Strategies Next PostNext Tissue and Hygiene Industry in Malaysia Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 Dalteparin Sodium Market Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global And China Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry 2017 Market Research Report If you want to ask a sample report or make an order, please contact us: Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ In this report, the global Recombinant Therapeutic Protein market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Global And China Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry 2017 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Recombinant Therapeutic Protein industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Recombinant Therapeutic Protein market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions’ development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), and other regions can be added. Then, the report focuses on global major leading industry players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Recombinant Therapeutic Protein industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Global Recombinant Therapeutic Protein market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boehringer Ingelheim Bristol-Myers Squibb Celldex Therapeutics Eli Liily GlaxoSmithKline Merck Novartis Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Roche Shire Pharmaceuticals ………. If you want to ask a sample report or make an order, please contact us: Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ Key Topics Covered:  Chapter One Industry Overview of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Two Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Three Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Four Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Five Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Six Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein by Regions, Types and Applications Chapter Seven Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Eight Major Manufacturers Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Nine Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Ten Industry Chain Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Eleven Development Trend of Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Twelve New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Thirteen Conclusion of the Global Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry 2017 Market Research Report Related Reports: Japan Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 China Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 Europe Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 United States Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 India Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 Note:We also offer Germany/Korea/Australia/Brazil/Russia/India/Indonesia/Malaysia/Europe/Asia/Asia-Pacific/North America/Latin America/South America/AMER/EMEA/Africa etc Countries/Regions and Sales/Industry Versions Respectively Thank you so much for reading the article. If you are interested in the report or have any question, please feel free to contact me. Looking forward to your email. Lynne | Sr. Manager – Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher. QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ QYResearch established in 2007, focus on custom research, management consulting, IPO consulting, industry chain research, data base and seminar services. the company owned a large basic data base (such as National Bureau of statistics database, Customs import and export database, Industry Association Database etc), experts resources (included energy automotive chemical medical ICT consumer goods etc industries experts who own more than 10 years experiences on marketing or R&D), professional survey team (the team member with more than 3 years market survey experience and more than 2 years depth expert interview experience),Excellent data analysis team (SPSS statistics and PPT graphics process team); QYResearch has always pursuit product quality, adhere to the quality is the soul of business. Through the companys years of effort and a lot of customer support, QYResearch consulting group creative design method of many high-quality markets investigation and research team with rich experience. Today, QYResearch brand has become the consulting industry with quality assurance consulting brand. The company has 2500 global well-known customers, covering energy automobile pharmaceutical chemical agriculture more than 30 industries, services from the data analysis and recommendations-Consulting landing one-stop solution, and research regions cover China,US,EU,Asia,Middle East and Africa,South America,Australia,etc Global all regions,and also built research or marketing center in China USA UK France Hongkong etc regions. currently, QYResearch has become the first choice and worth trusted consulting brand in Global and China business consulting services. Lynne | Sr. Manager – Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher. QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ Room 2311 VILI International Building No.167 Linhe West Road Tianhe District Guangzhou City Guangdong Province.  This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Everyman and Company Launches Kickstarter Campaign For Hideout Gear Tag Next PostNext Commercial Combi Ovens Market Growth Forecast Shows 7.76% CAGR to 2021 Search Recent Posts Coil Coatings Market – Asia Pacific to Present Highly Lucrative Opportunities for Market Players By 2023 An Assay of Clotting Ability Quickly and Accurately Predicts the Need for Massive Transfusion in Trauma Patients TCD Alcohol DM Market – UV Cure Coatings Segment to Register Maximum Demand for TCD Alcohol DM | Research By 2023 Online Mobile Game Industry: Size, Regional Outlook, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts, 2017 to 2022 Material Jetting (MJ) Market Is Huge Demand In Future !! RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Neurological Disorder Drugs Market: New Business Opportunities & Investment Research Report 2024 Europe Neurological Disorders Drugs Market: Snapshot Neurological drugs are developed to treat neurological disorders such as epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, multiple sclerosis, schizophrenia, traumatic brain injury, spinal cord injury, cerebrovascular diseases, and others. The growing prevalence of these disorders across the European region is anticipated to drive the demand for neurological disorder drugs market in the coming few years. The research report projects that intensifying concerns about living an adjusted life have prompted several patients to seek help. According to the study, the Europe neurological disorder drugs market was valued is expected to reach a valuation of US$32.0 bn by the end of 2024 as compared to US$18.3 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the overall market is expected to surge at a CAGR of CAGR of 6.4%. Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/europe-neurological-di… Increasing Research and Development Fuels Market Growth The Europe neurological disorders drugs market will be fueled by the growing initiatives taken by governments of several countries to educate the masses and to develop new drugs. For instance, European Parkinson’s Disease Association in Europe is offering affordable medications to patients, campaigning to raise awareness, and supporting research and development activities to drive the overall neurological disorder drugs market. The market has also seen a steady emergence of several research and development programs that are focused toward developing effective drugs that come at affordable prices. The collective rise in the spending of countries on developing neurological disorder drugs is expected to improve the market’s revenue in the coming few years. On the basis of various disorders, the market caters to disorders such as epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, multiple sclerosis, cerebrovascular disease and others. Out of all of these segments, the cerebrovascular disease held the dominant share in terms of revenue in 2015. The World Health Organization (WHO) states that the cerebrovascular diseases, which can manifest as a stroke, migraine and headache is the common cause of worry for several patients. About 80% of the patients suffering from cerebrovascular diseases across EU% show these symptoms. Thus, this segment is expected to exhibit a robust growth rate in the coming few years. Germany Stands out as Highest Consumer of Neurological Disorder Drugs in Europe Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In terms of geography, the Europe neurological disorder drugs market is segmented into Germany, France, Italy, Spain, U.K., Russia, Netherlands, Switzerland, Poland, and Rest of Europe. The research report states that Germany held a significant share in the market in 2015, closely followed by France. The regions will dominate over the forecast period due to the rising prevalence of neurological disorders and improving the awareness about the diseases due to support groups and government initiatives. Furthermore, the rising pool of geriatrics in Germany will also boost the uptake of neurological disorders drugs in the coming few years. Presently, Germany, the U.K., France, Switzerland, Italy, and Spain are the leading countries in Europe in the neurological disorder drugs market. The study indicates that Switzerland will offer several growth opportunities to the overall market as awareness about these life-altering diseases grows. The leading players operating in the Europe neurological disorders market are Merck & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bayer AG, Astra Zeneca, F-Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Novartis AG, and GlaxoSmithKline plc. Among these, Merck & Co., GlaxoSmithKline plc and Novartis AG. The research report states that the market is consolidated due to the presence of several small players in who hold significant share in the market. Most of these companies are focusing on improving their pipelines and expanding their geographical outreach to retain their dominance. About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Press Daily Briefing by Press Secretary Sean Spicer — #48 Next PostNext President Donald J. Trump Announces Intent to Nominate Doug Manchester as Ambassador to the Bahamas Search Recent Posts Global Clinical Trial Management System Market is Estimated to be Valued at US$ 1,848.5 Million by 2019 North America Automatic Tire Inflation System Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 Geocells Market to expand at a CAGR of 8.8% through 2015-2025 North America Animal Growth Promoter Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 Alexco Announces Increase to Previously Announced Bought Deal Flow Through Equity Financing to C$7 Million RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
here debug-> :lcxx11655 BiotechInvesting News Your trusted source for investing success Biotech Member? Login Menu Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Gem Diamond Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis About Resource Investing Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Pharmaceutical Investing What is Oncology Investing? Oncology investing can certainly be intimidating. Here, the Investing News Network looks at companies in the space and other ways to invest. « 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stoc… Bryan Mc Govern • May 15, 2017 Add Comment Oncology relates to cancer as a way to study prevention methods, proper diagnosis, and effective treatment. Investing in this sector can push a company towards achieving significant developments in the fight against cancer. Cancer treatment is a complicated matter for companies due to the varying types of the disease. When a life science company conducts research or seeks to develop a product for this market, it is more likely than not that they set on a very specific type of cancer to fight. As with any life science company, investors need to remember the risks are always going to be high, and with serious treatments and novel therapies, patience is one of the key allies for investors. In that regard, here the Investing News Network looks at some oncology companies active in the space, oncology approvals from the FDA, and stem cell research against cancer. Through this, the answer to “what is oncology investing?” can be better understood. “Trump’s victory could mean the end of Obamacare. Is right now a good time to invest in pharmaceutical stocks?” Learn everything an investor needs to know about investing in pharmaceuticals. Get My Free Report Click here to download for free What is oncology investing? An overview As mentioned above, cancer treatments are complicated in that not only is there a large number of cancer types, there’s varying treatments for the same disease. In that regard, there is no single cure for cancer, and the number of new cancer cases is expected to reach 25 million by 2030, according to the latest World Cancer Report published in 2014. Still, discoveries and advancements towards finding cures are being made all the time. In early 2017, the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) released a forecast for cancer research and treatment advances and touched base on immunotherapy. In the report, Elizabeth  Jaffee, a former board member of the AACR, said that in the area of immunotherapy, more is being learned about the signals tumors send “to inhibit an effective immune response against them.” “We have already turned this knowledge into therapeutics that inhibit some of these signals (checkpoint inhibitors) so the T cells can be effective in attacking the cancer cells, and developing therapeutics that can activate certain other cells within the tumor microenvironment (checkpoint agonists) to help further activate the T cells,” she said in the report. In short, Jaffee said that with those methods, they have been able to give patients with weeks to live a better quality of life. When it comes to investing in oncology, it can certainly be intimidating due to the large volume of technologies, medicine and research being done. In short, knowledge is key when it comes to choosing how and where to invest. “Trump’s victory could mean the end of Obamacare. Is right now a good time to invest in pharmaceutical stocks?” Learn everything an investor needs to know about investing in pharmaceuticals. Get My Free Report Click here to download for free Oncology companies When it comes to investing in oncology companies, there is certainly no shortage of them conducting research and working to fight against cancer. Here INN takes a glance at a select few with market caps of less than $500 million. Champions Oncology (NASDAQ:CSBR) Market cap: $27.45 million Champions Oncology focused on developing and selling technology solutions and products to personalize the development and use of oncology drugs, particularly in the biotech and pharmaceuticals sector. In particular, the company’s two segments include Personalized Oncology Solutions (POS) and Translational Oncology Solutions (TOS). The former gives doctors and patients information to help with the decision of treatment plans, while the latter provides services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies looking for personalized approaches to drug development. Oncolytics Biotech (TSX:ONC, OTCQX:ONCYF) Market cap: $106 million Oncolytics Biotech is an interesting prospect in this area that thanks to some recent funding this year seems poised to elevate the cancer therapeutic market. The company is developing their cancer therapeutic Reolysin, which has undergone a variety of clinical trials in various stages completed by itself or in combination with biologics, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy. OncoCyte (NYSE:OCX) Market cap: $179.41 million This company is working on prevention rather than treatment. Instead of the potentially long term play of care, OncoCyte focuses on their liquid biopsies with blood and urine samples to find better results and improve the life expectancy of patients. Q BioMed (OTCQB:QBIO) Market cap: $42 million Q BioMed is a biomedical acceleration and development company, meaning they seek to acquire other companies with interesting technology or products. In 2017, the company has shared new developments from their cancer division. To start with, in February Q BioMed secured a partnership with the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation and the Rajiv Gandhi Centre for Biotechnology in order to develop a chemotherapeutics technology. “Our ultimate goal is to use it as an effective chemotherapeutic against liver cancer, which currently has very few therapeutic options,” Q BioMed CEO Denis Corin said in the release. This proposal comes from a study published last year in Scientific Reports on the use of uttroside B in the fight against liver cancer. By March, the company had collected a total of $2.5 million to date in funding, from its originally announced $4 million agreement with Yorkville Advisors Global. Thanks to this funding Q BioMed is moving forward with the production of their cancer pain palliation drug. Sierra Oncology (NASDAQ:SRRA) Market cap: $63.28 million Sierra Oncology is a clinical stage drug development company whose lead product is a small molecule inhibitor Checkpoint kinase 1 (Chk1) which mediates the DNA Damage Response network. The company is in the middle of a trial for SRA737, for which they recently received approval to upgrade by adding prospectively selected patients dealing with tumors “identified to have genetic aberrations hypothesized to confer sensitivity to Chk1 inhibition.” Oncology approvals As such the US Food and Drug Administration has approved drugs that actively target many variations of cancer, which may spread to different parts of the body. This year has already seen a strong and consistent stream of advances and approvals from the FDA. EMD Serono, a biopharmaceutical in partnership with Merck (NYSE:MRK) and Pfzer (NYSE:PFE), received an accelerated approval for BAVENCIO. This is used to treat patients with advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression even with chemotherapy. Similarly, Novartis Pharmaceuticals (NYSE:NVS) received approval for Kisqali as a result of  an international clinical trial with 668 patients. This treatment is set to target metastatic breast cancer. Thanks to Kisqali, 53 percent of women in this trial saw a 30 percent tumor burden reduction. Other ways to invest Like many other sectors, investors looking to get into the oncology sector can do so by way of an ETF. For many, ETFs are an attractive way to strengthen portfolios, especially to those who are interested in a specific market rather than individual companies. On that note, there is one cancer ETF for consideration:  the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF (NASDAQ:CNCR) tracks companies in the biotech space, particularly those that treat cancer by using drugs that don’t impact the body’s immune response. As of May 12, 2017, the Loncar ETF currently tracks 31 holdings, which can be found here. Did we miss a company that should be included? Let us know in the comments! Don’t forget to follow us @INN_LifeScience for real-time news updates. Securities Disclosure: I, Bryan Mc Govern, hold no direct investment interest in any company mentioned in this article. Editorial Disclosure: Q BioMed is a client of the Investing News Network. This article is not paid-for content.   “Trump’s victory could mean the end of Obamacare. Is right now a good time to invest in pharmaceutical stocks?” Learn everything an investor needs to know about investing in pharmaceuticals. Get My Free Report Click here to download for free Get the Latest Biotech Investing Stock Information Get the latest information about companies associated with Biotech Investing delivered directly to your inbox. Biotech Laguna BlendsLexaria BioscienceLuminor Medical TechnologiesNaturally Splendid EnterprisesQ BioMedRespireRx PharmaceuticalsSelect All Select None By selecting company or companies above, you are giving consent to receive email from those companies. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time. “Trump’s victory could mean the end of Obamacare. Is right now a good time to invest in pharmaceutical stocks?” Learn everything an investor needs to know about investing in pharmaceuticals. Get My Free Report Click here to download for free Return to the Biotech Investing Index Article Meta Data « 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stoc… Related Posts Pharmaceutical Investing Principles And Pharmaceutical Stocks To Buy 2017 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: Sangamo Gained 80.22 Percent Investing in Pharmaceutical Companies: What You Need to Know Top Pharmaceutical ETFs 4 Top Life Science Stocks on the TSX Venture 50 Tags 2017, biopharma, biopharmaceutical, biotech, breast cancer, cancer, cancer cells, cancer treatment, Cancers, chemotherapy, clinical trial, disease, DNA, drugs, emd, FDA, food and drug administration, gene therapy, genetics, immuno-oncology, Investing, Investment, investment opprotunity, lead, life science, life science companies, merck, Metastatic Breast Cancer, NASDAQ, new treatments, novartis, Novartis Pharmaceuticals, oncology, OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, partnership, patients, Pfzer, pharma, pharmaceuticals, pipeline, President, Reports, research, Sierra Oncology, small cap biotech, stem cell, stem cell research, stocks, Streetwise Reports, treatment, tumors, US. Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Comment Markets Top Resource News Canadian Marijuana Stocks 4,500 views 5 Top Weekly TSXV Stocks: Monarca... 900 views Uranium Energy’s Share Pric... 800 views 2016 Brought First Drop in Global... 800 views Top Cobalt Stocks 2017: TSX Top G... 800 views Is a Dominion Diamond Takeover St... 600 views Top Technology News Bitcoin Price Reaches All-Time Hi... 800 views Why Invest in Bitcoin? 400 views How to Invest in an App Wisely 300 views Cleantech Investing Facts 200 views 5 Top Weekly NASDAQ Tech Stocks:... 200 views American Manganese Inc. Reports A... 100 views Top Life Science News InMed Files Patent for Cannabinoi... 600 views Algae Dynamics Inks Deal with Bon... 200 views InspireMD Posts Financial Results... 100 views Aevi Posts Financial Results for... 100 views CURE Pharmaceutical Joins Cannabi... 100 views 4 Gene Editing Technologies Expla... 100 views Most Popular Stocks American CuMo 300 views Harvest One 300 views International Frontier Resources 200 views Danakali Ltd. 100 views Asante Gold Corporation 100 views Naturally Splendid Enterprises 100 views Tweets by @INN_LifeScience Download Free Reports Resource Investing Start Here – Investing in Precious Metals Start Here – Investing in Resources Resource Forecast 2017 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Investing in Medical Cannabis and Legal Cannabis Stocks in 2017 Gold Trends 2016 and Gold Outlook 2017: Key Highlights for Investors Silver Price Forecast 2017 and Silver Stocks To Buy Uranium Price Forecasts 2017 and Top Uranium Stocks to Watch Copper Market Outlook and Copper Companies 2017 Lithium Forecast 2017 and Lithium Stocks to Buy Cobalt 2017 Market Forecast and Cobalt Stocks to Buy Graphite Investing Outlook 2017 and Graphite Stocks to Buy Zinc Market Outlook 2017 and Best of Zinc Stocks Critical Metals Price Forecast 2017 And Stocks To Watch Agriculture Investing In 2017: Market Forecast For Phosphate, Potash And More Rare Earth Expert Interviews And Rare Earth Stocks To Buy Base Metals Prices 2017 And Investing Opportunities Precious Metals Outlook 2017: CEO’s, Analysts on Gold, Silver and Platinum Energy Investing Outlook 2017 and Energy Stocks to Watch Investing In Diamond Stocks, Diamond Juniors, Colored Diamonds And More Graphite Investing And Graphite Stocks To Buy Platinum Industry Insights And Top Stocks To Buy Base Metal Prices And Investing Opportunities Tungsten Price, Tungsten Demand and Tungsten Stocks Coal Prices And Market Forecast Oil Prices, Market Forecasts And Top Investment Options The Top Palladium ETFs, Bullions And Stocks To Buy Is now the perfect time to buy gold? Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Energy Investing Outlook 2017 and Energy Stocks to Watch Precious Metals Outlook 2017: CEO’s, Analysts on Gold, Silver and Platinum Gold Trends 2016 and Gold Outlook 2017: Key Highlights for Investors Lithium Forecast 2017 and Lithium Stocks to Buy Investing in Medical Cannabis and Legal Cannabis Stocks in 2017 Resource Forecast 2017 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Industrial Metals in 2016: Oversupply in Several Markets, but Not All Base Metals Prices 2017 And Investing Opportunities Precious Metals Outlook 2017: CEO’s, Analysts on Gold, Silver and Platinum Gold Trends 2016 and Gold Outlook 2017: Key Highlights for Investors Lithium Forecast 2017 and Lithium Stocks to Buy Resource Forecast 2017 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Gold Trends 2016 and Gold Outlook 2017: Key Highlights for Investors Critical Metals Price Forecast 2017 And Stocks To Watch Copper Price Forecast, Trends, and Predictions – Understanding Today’s Copper Price From LME Copper to Copper ETFs Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Is gold a good investment? Investing in Lithium Stocks Post Rockwood Lithium Lithium Forecast & Lithium Stocks To Buy Potash Stocks and Potash News: Agriculture Investing Opportunities Potash Market Report: Prices, Production And Trends Free Uranium Investing Newsletter Life Science Investing Life Science and Healthcare Investing in 2017 Pharmaceutical Investing Principles And Pharmaceutical Stocks To Buy 2017 Medical Device Market Forecast 2017 and Stocks to Buy Genetics Market Outlook 2017: Latest in Genetic Research, Trends and Top Stocks to Buy Biotech Investing in 2017 – Top Biotech Stocks, ETFs and Future Prospects Life Science Investing Primer – Finding More Opportunities like Medtronic, Ariad Pharmaceuticals and Pharmacyte. Tech Investing Tech Forecast and Promising Tech Stocks To Buy in 2017 Fintech Investing and Rising Fintech Companies to Watch in 2017 Cloud Computing Market Report and Market Forecast 2017 Cleantech Market Trends in 2017 and Cleantech Stocks to Buy Understanding Bitcoins: From Bitcoin Mining to the Bitcoin Rate Nanotech Forecast & The Next Great Wave Of Nanotech Stocks To Buy Graphene Trends, Stocks, And Market Forecast: What The Pros Think And Where The Market Is Headed 3D Printing Market Outlook And 3D Printing Stocks To Buy Is Technology About To Change Mankind Forever? Browse Topics Resource Investing Agriculture Investing Cannabis Investing Phosphate Investing Potash Investing Base Metals Investing Copper Investing Iron Investing Lead Investing Nickel Investing Zinc Investing Critical Metals Investing Cobalt Investing Graphite Investing Magnesium Investing Manganese Investing Rare Earth Investing Scandium Investing Tantalum Investing Tellurium Investing Tungsten Investing Energy Investing Gas Investing Lithium Investing Oil and Gas Investing Oil Investing Uranium Investing Gem Investing Diamond Investing Industrial Metals Investing Aluminum Investing Chromium Investing Coal Investing Molybdenum Investing Tin Investing Vanadium Investing Precious Metals Investing Gold Investing Palladium Investing Platinum Investing Silver Investing Tech Investing 3D Printing Investing App Investing Cleantech Investing Cloud Investing Cybersecurity Investing Data Investing Fintech Investing Graphene Investing Mobile Web Investing Nanotech Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Investing Genetics Investing Longevity Investing Medical Device Investing Pharmaceutical Investing Featured Stocks Luminor Medical TechnologiesDiagnostic Device for the Emerging Global Diabetes Crisis Lexaria Bioscience 3D Signatures RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Laguna BlendsView All Featured Stocks   Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Create New Password No password? Sign up × Privacy & Legal Policy Privacy Policy × Manage Account About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Stocks Author Index Keyword Index Browse Topics Advertise Free Reports Events Glossary Press Releases Disclaimer Copyright 2017 © Dig Media Inc. Investing News Network Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Back Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Back Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Back Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Back Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Back Gem Diamond Back Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis Back About Resource Investing Back Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Back Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Back Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Back Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports Back Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Back
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Onchocerciasis Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2017 – 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/15/2017 — Global Onchocerciasis Market: Overview Onchocerciasis, which is commonly known by the name of river blindness, is a disease that is caused by a parasitic worm named – Onchocerca volvulus. This infection disease is caused and spread in human beings through the bite of Simulium blackfly. This disease is considered as the second leading cause of blindness and can further lead to several other skin diseases. The rising awareness regarding this condition and the availability of therapeutics are expected to propel onchocerciasis market across the globe. The research report provides an in-depth analysis of the global onchocerciasis market and throws light on the major factors that are expected to fuel the growth of the market in the near future. The key segmentation, opportunities, and limitations in the market have been highlighted to offer a clear understanding of the overall market. Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=71 Global Onchocerciasis Market: Drivers and Restraints A substantial rise in the number of cases of onchocerciasis, especially among American population is one of the vital factors fuelling the growth of the global market. In addition, the emergence of effective generic drugs for the treatment of onchocerciasis is expected to encourage the growth of the market in the next few years. The growing focus of governments in developing economies on the development of healthcare infrastructure and creating an awareness regarding the condition are further estimated to accelerate the growth of the market. Furthermore, the rising disposable income among consumers, increasing government support, reimbursements policies, and favorable tax benefits are some of the other important factors that are projected to supplement the growth of the global onchocerciasis market throughout the forecast period. With these factors, the market is likely to register a healthy growth rate in the near future. Request TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=71 Global Onchocerciasis Market: Region-wise Outlook The global market for onchocerciasis has been classified on the basis of geography to offer a strong understanding of the market. Among the key segments, Africa is projected to lead the global onchocerciasis market and hold a key share throughout the forecast period. The robust growth of this region can be attributed to the rising incidences of sustained and intense exposure to blackfly bites. In addition, the low awareness regarding the transmission of onchocerciasis disease is estimated to fuel the growth of the Africa market in the next few years. Furthermore, Latin America and South America markets for onchocerciasis are anticipated to witness substantial growth throughout the forecast period. The untapped market in these regions and the lucrative opportunities for the prominent players are likely to accelerate the growth of the onchocerciasis market in the near future. Read Comprehensive Overview of Report@ https://www.tmrresearch.com/onchocerciasis-market Key Players Mentioned in the Research Report are: The leading players operating in the global onchocerciasis market are Merck & Co., Inc., Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., Taj Pharmaceuticals Limited, Delta Pharma Ltd., Mayne Pharma Group, and Life Pharmaceutical Company. The increasing focus of key players on research and development activities and innovations is estimated to fuel the growth of the overall market throughout the forecast period. As per the study, the market is projected to witness stiff competition, owing to the rising number of players entering the global market. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SecDef Meets With UAE’s Crown Prince Next PostNext Global Professional Speakers Market 2017 Pricing, Demand, Audio Solutions, Top Brands, Properties, Demand Search Recent Posts NovoPayment fue Nombrada Ganadora en los 11.° Annual Pay Awards (Premios Anuales de Pago) Robert Lee Ahn Campaign Calls for Enhanced Cybersecurity of Vulnerable Computer Networks Bowker Collection Approved by Oak Bay Council Esrey Executes Definitive Agreement Silver Spruce Resources Adds VMS Expertise To Board RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content University of Minnesota. Driven to Discover. Site Search Connect with Us Newsletter Signup Facebook Linked In Twitter Email Alerts Contact Us Main Menu Main menu Home News & Perspective Infectious Disease Topics Antimicrobial Stewardship Ongoing Programs Antimicrobial Stewardship BioWatch CEIRS Pandemic Planning CCIVI CIDRAP Leadership Forum Ebola Vaccine Team B Influenza Training News Publishing Public Health Practices About Us Staff Mission Contact Us Donate Now FEATURED NEWS TOPICS Zika Yellow Fever Antimicrobial Resistance MERS-CoV WHO confirms 2nd Ebola case in DRC; 17 suspected Filed Under:  Ebola; VHF Stephanie Soucheray | News Reporter | CIDRAP News  | May 15, 2017 Share this page: Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print & PDF ebola_gloving-unmeer.jpg UNMEER, Martine Perret / Flickr cc ebola_gloving-unmeer.jpg UNMEER, Martine Perret / Flickr cc Over the weekend, the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed a second case of Ebola virus disease in a patient from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). So far, there have been three deaths and 17 suspected cases of the hemorrhagic fever disease, according to news reports. Yesterday the WHO said contact tracing and investigation is under way for 125 people who have been exposed to the Ebola-Zaire outbreak strain, Reuters reported. So far, the agency provided information for only three suspected cases: The possible index patient presented with symptoms on Apr 22 and died upon arrival to a local health facility in Likati health zone, Bas Uele province, in the northern part of the DRC. On May 13 the WHO listed the age of the first case-patient as 45 in a WHO Africa statement and as 39 in a disease outbreak news update. The man experienced bleeding from the nose, blood in his urine, bloody vomiting, and bloody diarrhea. The man who helped transport him to the healthcare facility is now symptomatic, and the taxi driver who drove the patient to the facility is now dead, the WHO said.  A team from Medicins sans Frontieres arrived in the DRC on May 13 to work with a team of Ministry of Health professionals, and the WHO said that personal protective equipment for healthcare workers was shipped to the region on May 12. WHO Regional Director for Africa, Matshidiso Moeti, MD, traveled to Kinshasa to address the outbreak, according to the WHO Africa statement. The Likati health zone is about 2 to 3 hours from DRC's largest city and has limited transportation and communication networks. No details on vaccine use The WHO gave no details on whether a ring vaccination program would be launched with Merck's rVSV-ZEBOV. Approximately 300,000 doses of the vaccine, which has shown in clinical to protect against Ebola-Zaire, are available for emergency use. "The full extent of the 2017 outbreak is still not yet clear," the WHO Africa statement read. "Extensive investigation and risk assessments are being conducted and the findings will be communicated accordingly. WHO does not recommend any restriction of travel and trade to DRC based on the currently available information." This is the seventh outbreak of Ebola in DRC since the disease first appeared in 1976. The last outbreak took place in 2014 and involved 66 suspected cases and 49 deaths. That outbreak was not related to the 2013-16 outbreak of Ebola in West Africa, the largest in history by far. See also: May 14 Reuters report May 13 WHO Africa region statement May 13 WHO disease outbreak news update Share this page: Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print & PDF Newsletter Sign-up Get CIDRAP news and other free newsletters. Sign up now» OUR UNDERWRITERS Unrestricted financial support provided by     Grant support for ASP provided by   Become an underwriter» Related News All news May 12 2017 Ebola-Zaire confirmed in DRC outbreak that killed 3 May 01 2017 Liberia illness cluster grows as officials await toxicology results Apr 28 2017 WHO vaccine advisors weigh in on polio, cholera, Ebola, diphtheria Apr 26 2017 Ebola ruled out in unexplained Liberian deaths Main menu Home News & Perspective Infectious Disease Topics Antimicrobial Stewardship Ongoing Programs Antimicrobial Stewardship BioWatch CEIRS Pandemic Planning CCIVI CIDRAP Leadership Forum Ebola Vaccine Team B Influenza Training News Publishing Public Health Practices About Us Staff Mission Contact Us Donate Now Connect with Us Newsletter Signup Facebook Linked In Twitter Email Alerts Contact Us Newsletter Signup CIDRAP - Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy Academic Health Center, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN © 2017 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. CIDRAP  |  Academic Health Center  |  Contact U of M  |  Privacy Policy
Vermont news: Breaking, in-depth and investigative coverage of politics, business and public affairs Home Projects About Tipster Commentary Data   Categories  Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Menu DONATE Home News by Subject Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Commentary Special Projects About Share Secure Tips Events Calendar Donate SEARCH 2017 Legislature EB-5 Legislator Guide Burlington Campaign Finance Database Bernie Sanders   Jennifer Stella: The long debate over vaccines May. 15, 2017, 6:55 pm by Commentary Leave a Comment Editor’s note: This commentary is by Jennifer Stella, of Waitsfield, who is and the executive director of the Vermont Coalition for Vaccine Choice. Given all the talk of how “Hope and Healing” (May 20 seminar in Stowe) is creating a dilemma for those who make a living from promoting vaccines, I wonder how many people are aware that vaccination has always been a voluntary procedure in the state of Vermont? And, that Vermont citizens have long-held reservations against compulsory vaccination? Indeed, for more than a century (and long before the industry was indemnified from product liability – in 1986), this debate has been quite active. For example, in 1912, there was a “Vigorous Discussion Over Vaccination” (in the era of smallpox) that was captured in the Barre Daily Times, Nov. 15, 1912. One can also read about the grave concerns expressed by citizens like F.E. Simpson of Glover: He warned about our fundamental rights and liberties being at risk due to medical politics (see the Orleans County monitor, Jan. 12, 1921). In more recent times, there was Marcia Bruno’s insistence that parents have the ultimate choice when it comes to vaccination for their children. She wrote her letter as the state board of health and pediatricians were pushing for a mandatory school vaccination law in 1979. Marcia Bruno’s plea ended in a vote that added broad discretion in vaccine decision-making for Vermont parents that year. So in 1979, “moral exemptions” and “religious exemptions” were built into the original school immunization law in Vermont. Lawmakers and doctors are on legislative record as saying that they absolutely respected that parents must always reserve the right not to inject a serum into their children, whether they are religious or not, because the product could cause harm. The original “exemption” form parents were asked to sign, stated: “I request that following immunization(s) be waived because they conflict with free exercise of religious rights and /or moral (philosophic) rights.” Just seven years later, in 1986, Congress passed the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act, shielding vaccine manufacturers and doctors from civil product liability and malpractice lawsuits when a vaccine causes a permanent disability or death. If the American Academy of Pediatrics and Centers for Disease Control’s vaccine recommendations are followed, babies born in 2016 will receive 50 injections by age 18. This is seven times the number of injections recommended in 1983, before industry was freed from liability for product harm. “If the American Academy of Pediatrics and Centers for Disease Control’s vaccine recommendations are followed, babies born in 2016 will receive 50 injections by age 18.”   In 2007, Merck and some legislators tried, but failed, to mandate the HPV vaccine for school entry in Vermont. At that time, “moral exemptions” were renamed to “philosophical exemptions.” In 2011, the Supreme Court decided Bruesewitz v. Wyeth, prohibiting any individual from filing a civil suit for a defectively designed vaccine in any U.S. court. Pharmaceutical companies and doctors now enjoy extraordinary protection against liability for vaccine injury or death that may occur after they “give” a vaccine. In 2012, philosophical exemptions were upheld in a vote of 133-6. At that time, the Vermont Legislature displayed an overwhelming support for parental choice in such medical decision-making. It was only in 2015 that industry pressure became too much. In 2015, using a national campaign to spread fear of measles, and after intense lobbying by pharma and the medical industry, philosophical exemptions were deleted from Vermont law on July 1, 2016. In addition, Health Department employees have modified “required educational material” and are choosing to withhold important product risk information from parents. Today, only religious exemptions remain available to Vermont parents, unless a parent can secure a medical exemption from a doctor. Parents tell us they are impossible to get, because today’s pediatricians refuse to acknowledge or make any connection between vaccines and their side effects. I hope that this information helps parents — especially those signing petitions saying we don’t want “those people” at “our school” — to understand how critical it is to have informed consent and vaccine choice, not to mention critical thought, in a free society. If you read us, please support us. Recent Stories Controversial dollar store on hold in Pittsford Kingdom Trails Association director departs abruptly House due back Wednesday, Senate TBD Ethics lesson: ‘We’ll judge others but not… Blue Cross requests 12.7 percent premium increase Campers aim to highlight plight of Vermont… Filed Under: Commentary Tagged With: Jennifer Stella, vaccines, Vermont Coalition for Vaccine Choice Report an Error Upload a DocumentTip Drop Comment Policy VTDigger.org requires that all commenters identify themselves by their authentic first and last names. Initials, pseudonyms or screen names are not permissible. No personal harrassment, abuse, or hate speech is permitted. Be succinct and to the point. If your comment is over 500 words, consider sending a commentary instead. We personally review and moderate every comment that is posted here. This takes a lot of time; please consider donating to keep the conversation productive and informative. The purpose of this policy is to encourage a civil discourse among readers who are willing to stand behind their identities and their comments. VTDigger has created a safe zone for readers who wish to engage in a thoughtful discussion on a range of subjects. We hope you join the conversation. If you have questions or concerns about our commenting platform, please review our Commenting FAQ. Privacy policy VTDigger.org does not share specific information about our readers with other entities. Email addresses we collect through our subscription list and comment submissions are kept private. We use Google analytics to generate aggregated data regarding the size and geographic distribution of our readership. This information helps us gauge how many readers come to the website and what towns they live in. It does not include addresses or other identifying characteristics about our readers. Why I Support VTDigger I read the Digger every morning, first thing, so I know what's happening all over Vermont. Anne Galloway and her team have made their outlet essential, by comprehensively covering the entire state. – Amelia Silver, Bennington DONATE NOW LIKE US:     FOLLOW: Get the Daily Digger top stories, no fees, no paywalls Daily Digger & Weekly Wrap Up Weekly Wrap Up Only Learn more about Underwriting Why I Support VTDigger "VTDigger = old school investigative journalism. Keep digging!" – Stan and Jenny Williams, Norwich DONATE NOW Upcoming Events Tue 16 Reform and Response: The Impact of the Reformation on Culture and Society May 16 @ 5:30 pm - 7:00 pm Tue 16 Rutland Young Professional May Mixer Event May 16 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm Tue 16 Laurie Forest Book Launch & Reading: The Black Witch May 16 @ 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm Wed 17 VBSR’s 27th Annual Spring Conference: The Road Forward May 17 @ 7:30 am - 4:30 pm Wed 17 1970s Cook Off May 17 @ 6:00 pm - 8:00 pm View More… Donate Today We're an independent nonprofit organization, your donation helps fund the digging, and, it's tax deductible. Thanks for reporting an error with the story, "Jennifer Stella: The long debate over vaccines" Name* First Last Email* Error* CAPTCHA VTDigger A publication of Vermont Journalism Trust 26 State Street, Suite 8 Montpelier, VT 05602 [email protected] (802) 225-6224 www.vtdigger.org About Our Story Contact Us Underwriting Site Policies Share Secure Tips Social Media Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Writing Staff Cate Chant Jasper Craven Mike Faher Anne Galloway Ruth Hare Elizabeth Hewitt Mark Johnson Alan J. Keays Erin Mansfield Jon Margolis Kevin O'Connor Tiffany Danitz Pache Mike Polhamus Jim Therrien Morgan True Publishing Staff Phayvanh Luekhamhan Theresa Murray-Clasen VTDigger: Led by journalists, powered by the public. The go-to source for Vermont news. Copyright © 2017 VT Digger All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market Research Report: Value Chain Analysis and Forecast 2024 Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market: Overview The immune system of human body depends on multiple checkpoints or immunological breaks, which avoid over-activation of the healthy cells or immune system. Tumor or cancerous cells often take advantage of these checkpoints to escape detection and fight against immune system. To struggle against such cancer cells, the focus of the scientists and drug developers is gradually diverting towards immunotherapeutics, which makes use of the body’s own immune system or its components to fight cancer. The developers have attained successful results with targeted based therapeutics including conjugated and monoclonal antibodies, but there has been a surge of interest in other classes of immunotherapeutics to treat and manage cancer, including immune checkpoint inhibitors, whole cell based therapies and therapeutic cancer vaccines. On the basis of immune checkpoint inhibitors currently used for treating and management of cancer, the market can be differentiated in two segments which are as follows: CLTA-4 Inhibitors PD-1 and PD-L1 Inhibitors CLTA-4 is aberrantly up-regulated and is present of the surface of T cells in certain cancer, dampening T-cell activation in response to the tumor cells while PD-1 inhibits T-cell function assisting tumor’s ability to invade the immune system. Inhibiting a checkpoint enhance the anti-tumor T-cell response, which results in destruction of cancerous cells. Many giant players worldwide are performing clinical trials with the help of these two immune checkpoint inhibitors and are expected to show positive results during the forecast period. For instance, Pfizer, Inc. in collaboration with the University of Pittsburgh is performing phase 2 clinical trials with Anti-CTLA4 monoclonal antibody to cure recurrent inoperable stage III or stage IV melanoma. Likewise, many other market players are performing clinical trials with CLTA-4 and PD-1 inhibitors and on the basis of previous results, is has been estimated that the molecules are expected to generate few efficient drugs for cancer treatment. In addition to these, many market players have developed some novel immune checkpoint inhibitors which include Elotuzumab, INCB024360, Indoximod, and Lirilumab. View Report- www.transparencymarketresearch.com/immune-checkpoint-inhi… Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market: Drivers and Trends Rising prevalence of the cancer worldwide is the major factor which will boost the immune checkpoint inhibitors market during the forecast period. According to World Health Organization (WHO), cancer was the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in 2012. There were approximately 14 million new cases with 8.2 million cancer related deaths in 2012 worldwide. It has also been reported that the number of new cases will increase by about 70% in the next two decades. Increasing prevalence of the cancer and high rate of associated mortality is demanding for new and effective treatment methods, which will boost the demand for immune checkpoint inhibitors in future. Moreover, the rising government support and funding towards development of new drugs for cancer treatment also encourages researchers in developing new and novel drugs. For instance, National Cancer Institute, U.S. Department of Human Health and Services, funded approximately USD 5.1 billion for development of cancer treatment drugs and research. The funding from government boosts the research activities and development of new and effective drugs, hence propelling the growth of the market. However, the high cost associated with research activities and sunk costs involved in R&D activities are restraining the immune checkpoint inhibitors market. The major players which are involved in research and development activities of immune checkpoint inhibitors include Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Astra Zeneca plc, Merck & Co., Pfizer, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Incyte Corporation, NewLink Genetics Corporation, Seattle Genetics, Inc., Celldex Therapeutics, GlaxoSmithKline plc, and Innate Pharma S.A. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland, Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, North Africa) Request a brochure of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Market during 2016- 2024 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Basal Cell Carcinoma Market Research Report: Value Chain Analysis and Forecast 2024 Next PostNext Autoimmune Drugs and Disease Management Market Research Report: Value Chain Analysis and Forecast 2024 Search Recent Posts Tanker moratorium off B.C. North Coast not needed: CAPP Sage Summit 2017: Business Builders of All Sizes Embrace Artificial Intelligence and Automation Imperial Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Tanager Energy Commences Operations on Additional Yegua Prospect Areas in Polk County, Texas City residents less financially confident than suburban and rural counterparts, finds new survey from NeighborWorks America RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Systemic Antiviral Pharmaceuticals Market Research Report: Market Competition, Value chain Analysis and Forecast 2023 Global Systemic Antiviral Pharmaceuticals Market Antiviral drugs are a class of medication that inhibits the development of infection causing viruses. Like antibiotics, specific antiviral drugs are used against specific viruses. As viruses share most of the metabolic processes with the host cell, it is difficult to commercialize new medications that are selective in action. The presently available antiviral agents either act as DNA polymerase inhibitors, reverse transcriptase inhibitors, protease inhibitors, immunomodulators, neuraminidase inhibitors or integrase strand transfer inhibitors. The currently available antiviral drugs target four main kinds of viruses: Herpes Hepatitis Influenza Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) Global Systemic Antiviral Pharmaceuticals Market: Segmentation Antiviral drugs can be administered by various methods such as topical or local application, systemic delivery, controlled delivery and targeted delivery. Systemic drug delivery is relatively safe and effective for the treatment than topical agents. In recent times, systemic delivery method is gaining attention owing to its higher therapeutic efficacy and bioavailability. The demand for products with systemic application is high especially in the treatment for chronic viral infections such as hepatitis and HIV infection. Based on the class of antiviral drugs, the global systemic antiviral pharmaceuticals market is segmented into DNA polymerase inhibitors, reverse transcriptase inhibitors, protease inhibitors, immunomodulators, interferon, neuraminidase inhibitors and integrase strand transfer inhibitors. Increasing resistance to M2 inhibitors has shifted the focus towards neuraminidase inhibitors for the treatment of influenza. Neuraminidase inhibitors class of drugs includes Oseltamivir and Zanamivir which are administered through systemic route. Herpes virus can be treated using medications such as Acyclovir, Brivudin, Cidofovir, Famciclovir, Fomivirsen, Foscarnet, Ganciclovir, Penciclovir, Valacyclovir, Vidarabine and Valganciclovir. Treatment for hepatitis includes administration of either or combination of the following medications: Interferons Ribavarin Nucleoside analogues such as Adefovir, Emtricitabine, Entecavir, Lamivudine, Telbivudine and Tenofovir Protease inhibitors such as Boceprevir, Telaprevir, View Report- www.transparencymarketresearch.com/systemic-antiviral-pha… Based on the disease type, the global systemic antiviral pharmaceuticals market can be analyzed as herpes, hepatitis, influenza and HIV infection. Recent advancements in the field of antiviral treatment for herpes infection have inclined the ophthalmologists to treat severe ocular infection caused by herpes virus. In addition, the acute retinal necrosis (ARN) syndrome caused by herpes virus and retinal infection caused by cytomegalovirus is also treated using systemic antiviral drugs. Vidarabine, Acyclovir, Ganciclovir, and Foscarnet are the four major systemic antivral drugs used in the treatment of ophthalmic infections. Rising incidence of herpes virus infections, as well as the rising epidemic of HIV infections has led to increase in ophthalmic infections which drive the demand for systemic antiviral pharmaceuticals. Global Systemic Antiviral Pharmaceuticals Market: Geographical Dynamics The demand for systemic antiviral pharmaceuticals is high in regions with high prevalence of herpes, influenza, hepatitis and HIV infection. According to World Health Organization (WHO), worldwide 35.3 million people were living with HIV infection at the end of 2012. The prevalence is high in the African region where nearly one in 20 adults is living with HIV infection. Further, the prevalence of herpes simplex virus type 2 is high in Africa, North America and some parts of Asia-Pacific. Early and effective treatment is therefore the primary need in these regions. Hence, the demand for systemic antiviral pharmaceuticals will increase with growing incidence of viral infections. Some of the major players in the systemic antiviral pharmaceuticals market are GlaxoSmithKline plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Pfizer, Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim, Abbott Laboratories and Merck & Co., Inc. Request a brochure of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Systemic Antiviral Pharmaceuticals Market during 2016- 2023 www.transparencymarketresearch.com/systemic-antiviral-pha… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Autoimmune Drugs and Disease Management Market Research Report: Value Chain Analysis and Forecast 2024 Next PostNext Microsoft Philanthropies Expands Program that Sends Tech Company Volunteers into High Schools to Teach Computer Science Search Recent Posts Tanker moratorium off B.C. North Coast not needed: CAPP Sage Summit 2017: Business Builders of All Sizes Embrace Artificial Intelligence and Automation Imperial Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Tanager Energy Commences Operations on Additional Yegua Prospect Areas in Polk County, Texas City residents less financially confident than suburban and rural counterparts, finds new survey from NeighborWorks America RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video How AstraZeneca cancer drug forecasts are set to rise Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Mon May 15, 2017 | 4:47pm EDT How AstraZeneca cancer drug forecasts are set to rise By Ben Hirschler | LONDON LONDON Sales forecasts for AstraZeneca's all-important new cancer immunotherapy drug Imfinzi are set to rise after the drugmaker received an unexpectedly early boost for the medicine in lung cancer last week. Consensus sales forecast compiled before Friday's news of the drug's success in stage III lung cancer had put AstraZeneca well behind rivals in the multibillion-dollar immuno-oncology race, Thomson Reuters data shows. (tmsnrt.rs/2pOcvj9) Success in the stage III setting now adds an annual sales opportunity that analysts estimate is worth about $2 billion - and the British drugmaker also has an important lead of two to three years over rivals in this particular area. There is still plenty to fight for between AstraZeneca and its main rivals, Merck & Co, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Roche. Imfinzi's success in non-metastatic disease does not guarantee a positive result for AstraZeneca's big MYSTIC trial, where Imfinzi is being tested in combination with another drug in stage IV non-small cell lung cancer that has already spread beyond the lungs. Those results are due by mid-year. Merck's Keytruda, Bristol's Opdivo and Roche's Tecentriq are all currently approved in such metastatic disease, representing a large market, since many lung cancer patients will already have reached stage IV by the time they are diagnosed. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News Cyber firms say looking at possible North Korea tie to ransomware attack NEW YORK Major cyber security firms Symantec Corp and Kaspersky Lab said on Monday they were looking into clues that may connect the global "ransomware" attack known as WannaCry with programs previously attributed to North Korea. Trump administration vastly expands global anti-abortion policy WASHINGTON The Trump administration said on Monday it was vastly expanding the scope of a policy blocking U.S. assistance to foreign groups that perform or provide information about abortions, a move critics say will hinder women's access to critical care. New York City takes stance after immigration agents show up at school NEW YORK New York City's Department of Education said on Monday that federal immigration agents would be barred from entering school property after agents showed up at a school last week to seek information about a fourth grade student. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Alzheimers Therapeutics in Asia-Pacific Markets to 2021 - Growth Driven by Rising Prevalence, Growing Awareness and Expected Launch of Disease Modifying Therapies ReportsWeb.com published Alzheimers Therapeutics in Asia-Pacific Markets from its database. This report identifies the market in different segments such as industry, application and geography. Detailed competitive analysis has been included in this rep   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 15, 2017 ) Alzheimer's Disease (AD) is an irreversible, progressive neurodegenerative disease, characterized by cognitive impairment, memory loss and functional decline. Symptoms typically begin to first occur in patients in their mid-sixties, appearing in varying stages. The pathological features of AD comprise histopathological changes within the brain. Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) is a heterogeneous condition between normal cognition and dementia, whereby cognitive changes in mental abilities, such as memory or thinking, are affected. Almost all cases of AD begin with MCI, but it should be noted that not all patients with MCI go on to develop AD. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/alzheimers-therapeutics-in-asia-pacific-markets-to-2021 Although there is a high degree of failure and uncertainty within the R&D of AD drugs, the number of drugs in the pipeline is considerable, at 559. The majority of the pipeline products are novel, and there are only seven repositioned drugs and five generic drugs. This shows progression in terms of the different molecules being developed as therapeutic agents within the AD pipeline. Report Scope The AD market has a lack of therapeutic options. - Which classes of drug dominate the market? - What newly approved therapies have entered the market? - How do the leading marketed therapies compare clinically? - How will the new therapies be positioned in the treatment of AD? - How have selected late-stage pipeline therapies performed in clinical trials? The pipeline contains a range of molecule types and molecular targets, including those that are well established in AD, and novel, first-in-class therapies. - Which molecular targets appear most frequently in the pipeline? AD clinical trials have an overall attrition rate of 94%. - What are the failure rates for individual Phases of clinical development? - How do AD clinical trial characteristics, including failure rate, duration, and size compare against respiratory and industry averages? The AD market is forecast to rise from a value of $3 billion in 2014 to $5.1 billion in 2021, at a CAGR of 7.9% across the four Asia-Pacific markets assessed. - How much of a role will disease prevalence and new product approvals play in market growth? - Will generic competition have a significant impact on the market over the forecast period? There have been 170 licensing deals and 104 co-development deals pertaining to AD products since 2006. - Which territories show the most deal activity? - What were the trends in deal completion by product stage of development? - What were the conditions of the key licensing or co-development deals to take place in AD? Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00020342/sample Reasons to buy This report will allow you to - - Understand the current clinical and commercial landscape through a comprehensive study of disease pathogenesis, diagnosis, prognosis, and the current treatment algorithm used in AD. - Assess the safety and efficacy of current treatment options, with extensive product profiles on prominent marketed therapies, and a heatmap directly comparing safety and efficacy data. - Analyze the AD pipeline and stratify by stage of development, molecule type, and molecular target. The most promising late-stage therapies are profiled and assessed in terms of clinical performance and competitiveness, alongside a single-product forecast. - Predict growth in market size in four Asia-Pacific markets, with in-depth market forecasting from 2014 to 2021. The forecasts will provide an understanding of how epidemiology trends, new drug entries, and patent expirations will influence market value. - Identify commercial opportunities in the AD deals landscape by analyzing trends in licensing and co-development deals, and by profiling the most significant deals that have occurred in this indication in recent years. Table of Contents 1.1 List of Tables 8 1.2 List of Figures 8 2 Introduction 10 2.1 Disease Introduction 10 2.2 Epidemiology 11 2.3 Symptoms 12 2.4 Etiology and Pathophysiology 14 2.5 Diagnosis 16 2.6 Disease Stages 19 2.7 Prognosis 20 2.8 Treatment Options 21 2.8.1 Treatment Algorithm 21 2.8.2 Pharmacological Treatments 23 2.8.3 Non-pharmacological Treatments 25 3 Marketed Products 26 3.1 Overview 26 3.2 Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitors 26 3.2.1 Aricept (donepezil) - Eisai 26 3.2.2 Exelon (rivastigmine) - Novartis 27 3.2.3 Razadyne (galantamine) - Janssen 27 3.2.4 Cognex (tacrine) - Shionogi 28 3.3 NMDA Receptor Antagonists 28 3.3.1 Namenda/Ebixa/Axura/Abixa (Memantine), Merz/Lundbeck/Forest/Daiichi Sankyo 28 3.4 AChEI and NMDA Receptor Antagonists 29 3.4.1 Namzaric (memantine ER + donepezil), Actavis and Adamas 29 3.5 Heat Map - Marketed Products Overview 29 4 Pipeline Analysis 31 4.1 Pipeline by Stage of Development, Molecule Type, Route of Administration and Program Type 31 4.2 Pipeline Analysis by Mechanism of Action 33 4.3 Promising Pipeline Candidates 36 4.3.1 MK-8931- Merck 36 4.3.2 LMTX (methylthioninium chloride) - TauRX Therapeutics 37 4.3.3 Gantenerumab (RG-1540) - Roche 39 4.3.4 AZD3293 - AstraZeneca 40 4.3.5 AB1010 (masitinib) - AB Science 41 4.3.6 BIIB037 - Biogen 42 4.3.7 TTP488 - vTv Therapeutics 42 4.3.8 EVP-6124 - FORUM Pharmaceuticals 43 4.3.9 Lu AE58054 - Lundbeck 44 4.3.10 Sodium Oligomannurarate 45 4.4 Heat Map for Pipeline Products 45 5 Clinical Trial Analysis 47 5.1 Failure Rate 47 5.1.1 Overall Failure Rate 47 5.1.2 Failure Rate by Phase and Molecular Target 47 5.2 Clinical Trial Size 48 5.2.1 Patient Enrollment per Product by Stage of Development by Molecule Type and Molecular Target 48 5.2.2 Patient Enrollment per Trial by Stage of Development by Molecule Type and Molecular Target 50 5.3 Clinical Trial Duration 52 5.3.1 Trial Duration by Stage of Development and Molecule Type 52 5.3.2 Trial Duration by Stage of Development and Molecular Target 53 5.4 Summary of Clinical Trial Metrics 55 6 Multi-Scenario Forecast 56 6.1 Geographical Markets 56 6.2 Asia-Pacific Market 56 6.3 India 60 6.3.1 Treatment Usage Patterns 60 6.3.2 Annual Cost of Therapy 62 6.3.3 Market Size 63 6.4 China 65 6.4.1 Treatment Usage Patterns 65 6.4.2 Annual Cost of Therapy 67 6.4.3 Market Size 68 6.5 Australia 70 6.5.1 Treatment Usage Patterns 70 6.5.2 Annual Cost of Therapy 72 6.5.3 Market Size 74 6.6 Japan 75 6.6.1 Treatment Usage Patterns 75 6.6.2 Annual Cost of Therapy 77 6.6.3 Market Size 78 Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00020342/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Market by Type of Molecule, Stage of Development, Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 15, 2017 ) Cancer that starts from the hematopoietic stem cells of the bone-marrow is referred to as leukemia. Leukemia can be chronic or acute depending on the maturity of the cells. In addition, based on the bone marrow cells from which the cancer starts, leukemia can be categorized as lymphocytic or myeloid. Hence, leukemia can be broadly classified into four types: - Acute myeloid (or myelogenous) leukemia (AML) - Chronic myeloid (or myelogenous) leukemia (CML) - Acute lymphocytic (or lymphoblastic) leukemia (ALL) - CLL Publisher's analysts forecast the global CLL therapeutics market to grow at a CAGR of 19.16% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-chronic-lymphocytic-leukemia-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global CLL therapeutics market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of branded and generic drugs used to treat and prevent CLL. The report also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the genericization of the marketed drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) Therapeutics Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - F. Hoffman-La Roche - AbbVie - Teva Pharmaceuticals - Gilead Sciences - Novartis - Johnson & Johnson Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263513/sample Other prominent vendors - Altor BioScience - Amgen - Arno Therapeutics - AstraZeneca - Bellicum Pharmaceuticals - Biogen - BioLineRx - Boston Biomedical - Celgene - Emergent BioSolutions - Genzyme - iDD biotech - Immunomedics - Infinity Pharmaceuticals - Innate Pharma - Karyopharm Therapeutics - Ligand Pharmaceuticals - MedImmune - Merck Sharp & Dohme - Molecular Templates Inc. - MorphoSys - Ono Pharmaceutical - Portola Pharmaceuticals - Regeneron Pharmaceuticals - Sunesis Pharmaceuticals - TG Therapeutics - TheraMAB - XEME Biopharma - Xencor - ZIOPHARM Oncology Market driver - Special regulatory designations - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - High cost of therapy - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Rise in development of combination therapies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001263513/buying Table of Contents: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Disease overview PART 06: Pipeline analysis PART 07: Market landscape PART 08: Market segmentation by ROA PART 09: Market segmentation by type of molecule PART 10: Geographical segmentation PART 11: Market drivers PART 12: Impact of drivers PART 13: Market challenges PART 14: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 15: Market trends PART 17: Appendix Purchase this Premium Research Report at: http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001263513/buy/2500 . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Growth Trends by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Global Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Research Report provides insights of Asthma Treatment Drugs industry over past 5 years and a forecast until 2022.Report studies the Asthma Treatment Drugs Market status and future trend in global market, splits Asthma Treatment Drugs by type and by applications, to fully and deeply research and reveal the market situation and future forecast. Asthma Treatment Drugs Market report would come in handy to understand your competitors and give you an insight about sales; volumes, revenues in the Asthma Treatment Drugs industry, assists in making strategic decisions. It reduces the risks involved in making decisions as well as strategies for companies and individuals interested in the Asthma Treatment Drugs industry. Both established and new players in Asthma Treatment Drugs industry can use report to understand the market. Asthma Treatment Drugs Market: Type wise segment: – Long-term Control Medications, Quick-relief Medications (Rescue Medications) Asthma Treatment Drugs Market: Applications wise segment: – Hospital Pharmacy, Retail Pharmacy, Online Pharmacy Type wise and application wise consumption figures are given. With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. Get a Sample PDF of Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Research report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10635685 Asthma Treatment Drugs Market report contains proven analysis by regions, especially for North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focusing top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering top players like GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi, Roche & Novartis, Teva, Merck and many more. On competitive landscape, this report includes complete profiles of Asthma Treatment Drugs Market key players. For each player contact information is given. Their product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are provided for better understanding. For Pre-order enquiry of Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10635685 Some key points of Asthma Treatment Drugs Market research report: – What is status of Asthma Treatment Drugs Market? This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, Prospect, Growth trend, Sales by regions, manufacturers, types and applications. What Is Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Competition considering Manufacturers, Types and Application? Who Are Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Key Manufacturers? Asthma Treatment Drugs Manufacturing Cost Analysis – Analysis done by considering prime elements. Asthma Treatment Drugs Market Effect Factor Analysis-Technology Process/Risk Considering Substitute Threat and Technology Progress In Asthma Treatment Drugs Industry; Consumer Needs or What Change Is Observed in Preference of Customer of Asthma Treatment Drugs Market What is Asthma Treatment Drugs Market forecast (2017-2022) Considering Sales, Revenue, Growth rate, Price and Trends for Regions, Types and Applications? With Experts Interview, Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation, Primary & Secondary Sources and Research Center data, Asthma Treatment Drugs Market research report guides you towards exponential growth. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BUYINS.NET: AVD SqueezeTrigger Price is $17.65. There is $16,120,550 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Next PostNext Neuberger Berman Closed-End Intermediate Municipal Funds Announce Monthly Distributions Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Blood Serum Market Key Players, Product and Production Information analysis and forecast to 2022 Global Blood Serum Market Research Report provides insights of Blood Serum industry over past 5 years and a forecast until 2022.Report studies the Blood Serum Market status and future trend in global market, splits Blood Serum by type and by applications, to fully and deeply research and reveal the market situation and future forecast. Blood Serum Market report would come in handy to understand your competitors and give you an insight about sales; volumes, revenues in the Blood Serum industry, assists in making strategic decisions. It reduces the risks involved in making decisions as well as strategies for companies and individuals interested in the Blood Serum industry. Both established and new players in Blood Serum industry can use report to understand the market. Blood Serum Market: Type wise segment: – Bovine (Fetal Bovine, Newborn Calf, Calf, Adult Bovine), Equine, Porcine, Other Blood Serum Market: Applications wise segment: – Cell Culture Media, Cell Line Saving, Tissue Culture, Diagnostic Reagents Type wise and application wise consumption figures are given. With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. Get a Sample PDF of Blood Serum Market Research report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10635695 Blood Serum Market report contains proven analysis by regions, especially for North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focusing top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering top players like GE Healthcare, Sigma-Aldrich, Merck, Corning, Bioind and many more. On competitive landscape, this report includes complete profiles of Blood Serum Market key players. For each player contact information is given. Their product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are provided for better understanding. For Pre-order enquiry of Blood Serum Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10635695 Some key points of Blood Serum Market research report: – What is status of Blood Serum Market? This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, Prospect, Growth trend, Sales by regions, manufacturers, types and applications. What Is Blood Serum Market Competition considering Manufacturers, Types and Application? Who Are Blood Serum Market Key Manufacturers? Blood Serum Manufacturing Cost Analysis – Analysis done by considering prime elements. Blood Serum Market Effect Factor Analysis-Technology Process/Risk Considering Substitute Threat and Technology Progress In Blood Serum Industry; Consumer Needs or What Change Is Observed in Preference of Customer of Blood Serum Market What is Blood Serum Market forecast (2017-2022) Considering Sales, Revenue, Growth rate, Price and Trends for Regions, Types and Applications? With Experts Interview, Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation, Primary & Secondary Sources and Research Center data, Blood Serum Market research report guides you towards exponential growth. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bio pharma Market Key Players, Product and Production Information analysis and forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Anthem Announces Appearance at Upcoming Conference Search Recent Posts Golden Arrow Files Technical Report to Support Pre-Feasibility Study for the Chinchillas Project Joint Venture With Silver Standard NexgenRx Announces Q1 2017 Results Timberline Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Airgain Joins LoRa Alliance(TM) and Announces First Product Shipments into United States Carrier Trials of the LoRaWAN(TM) Protocol Stabilizer Joints Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2026 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Business Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â Business Area women in health care field receive national kudos Fran DeGrazio By Brian McCullough, Daily Local News Posted: 05/15/17, 3:41 PM EDT | Updated: 42 secs ago # Comments Sue Browne Two women who work at area pharmaceutical companies were honored for their support of women in the field last week at the Healthcare Businesswomen’s Association luncheon in New York City. Fran DeGrazio, vice president of global scientific affairs and technical services at West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. in Uwchlan, was recognized as a Luminary by the national association. Sue Browne, director of CNS discovery research at Teva Pharmaceuticals in West Goshen, was honored as a Rising Star by the association. They were honored as Healthcare Businesswomen’s Association, or HBA, at its 28th Woman of the Year event on Thursday at the New York Hilton Midtown, where Bahija Jallal, executive vice president of AstraZeneca and head of MedImmune, was honored as the HBA’s Woman of the Year in front of more than 2,000 attendees. Advertisement HBA Luminaries have more than 20 years of industry experience and serve as role models in their companies as mentors and sponsors for women. DeGrazio has been in the pharmaceutical packaging industry for over 30 years with expertise in the area of delivery of injectable drug products such as vial/closure combinations, prefillable syringe systems and injectable combination products. She has performed various functions within the analytical laboratory and research and development areas. She spent 13 years in the technical customer service and contract laboratories areas with responsibility for strategic planning and implementation for both organizations. DeGrazio was promoted to West’s vice president for quality assurance, Americas, in 2002 and in 2006 she transitioned into the role of vice president of marketing and strategic business development. Now, she leads the Scientific Affairs and Technical Services organization, the company said. DeGrazio, who holds a degree in chemistry from Cabrini College in Radnor, said she’s been involved with the Healthcare Businesswomen’s Association for several years and also with a women’s network group at West. “As a leader in the organization, it’s my responsibility to help and develop everyone,” said DeGrazio, 55, of East Pikeland. “As a woman, it’s good to be available to the younger women in the organization. Women do face different challenges than men in having a family and working, so it’s good to be able to share my insights with them.” HBA Rising Stars are professionals in the early stages of their career. They represent various sectors of the health care industry and are designated by HBA’s Corporate Partner organizations. The Rising Stars are inspiring leaders, role models to others and are individually recognized for their vision, dedication, and action, the organization said. “It’s a very big honor and a very big surprise,” Browne said of being named a Rising Star. “I think it’s more challenging as a woman to make it to the top tiers of management. At least half the workers (in laboratories) are women, but not at upper management levels. I think it’s definitely improving” due to organizations like the HBA. Browne came to the United States in the 1990s from the United Kingdom to study Huntington’s Disease at Massachusetts General Hospital. “Now, 20-odd years on, I oversee a pharmaceutical research team devoted to developing therapies for HD (Huntington’s Disease) and other neurological disorders,” noted Brown, 50, of Sadsbury.”I also sit on the scientific advisory board of the organization that initially brought me here.” Browne joined the faculty at Cornell University’s Weill Medical College in New York City, where for six years she directed a laboratory researching neurodegenerative disease mechanisms, and taught medical and post-graduate students. She also worked in Merck’s R&D department. She joined Teva Pharmaceuticals in 2013 because of the company’s strategic focus on diseases like Huntington’s, Parkinson’s disease, and multiple sclerosis. “That is my dream. I want to be involved in finding a cure for or a drug to treat Huntington’s Disease and Parkinson’s,” Browne said. Bonnie Wingate, president of the Greater Philadelphia HBA chapter and a partner at Insigniam, said the chapter has 850 members and the national organization has 8,000 to 9,000 members with 110 corporate sponsors. Now almost 40 years old, it seeks to break the glass ceiling for women in the field, to drive for more women to enter the STEM fields and to support companies in having their own women’s support programs. “The percentage of women in health care is high, but not in leadership positions,” Wingate said. “The organization has made a big contribution” in helping women advance in the field. – To contact Business Editor Brian McCullough, call 610-235-2655 or send an email to bmccullough@dailylocal.com. Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! About the Author Brian McCullough is an online/print editor who has worked at the Daily Local News for more than 20 years covering news and business. A Chester County native, McCullough is a graduate of Temple University. Reach the author at bMcCullough@dailylocal.com . Full bio and more articles by Brian McCullough Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Antibacterial Drugs Global Analysis & Forecast to 2023 Market Research Report This report on antibacterial drugs market studies the current as well as future prospects of the market globally. The market for antibacterial drugs is segmented on the basis of major classes of drugs,namely,aminoglycosides,B-lactams, tetracyclines, sulfonamides, quinolones/fluoroquinolones, macrolides, phenicols and miscellaneous antibacterials. The market for each of these classes has been extensively analyzed on the basis of leading drug launch, patent expiry, drug efficacy, annual sales revenue and geography wise regulatory approval. The market size and forecast in terms of USD million for each of these classes has been provided for the period 2013 to 2023, considering 2013 and 2014 as the historical and base year respectively, while the market forecast has been provided for the period 2015 to 2023. The report on antibacterial drugs market also provides compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) for each market segment for the forecast period 2015 to 2023 This 110 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Antibacterial Drugs market Browse through 09 data tables and 40 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antibacterial-drugs-ma… Geographically, the antibacterial drugs market has been categorized into five regions, namely, North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Rest of the World (ROW). Each of these geographies have been further segmented with respect to major countries; where North America is segmented in U.S. and Canada, Europe is segmented in U.K., Germany and rest of Europe, Asia Pacific is segmented in China, Japan and rest of Asia Pacific, and Latin America is segmented in Brazil and rest of Latin America. The report also comprises a section on pipeline analysis, which provides sales forecast for various drugs currently under phase III clinical trials and are expected to be launched during the forecast period. Forecast of seventeen pipeline drugs has been provided since their launch in the U.S., till 2023. Apart from the quantitative information, the report also provides details on various qualitative factors impacting the antibacterial market trends such as drug recalls, black box warning, changes in regulatory policies, drug patent expiry and subsequent launch of generics and others. The research study also incorporates competitive scenario in the considered regions. A detailed qualitative analysis of the factors responsible for driving and restraining growth of the global antibacterial drugs market, and future opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. This section of the report also provides detailed market attractiveness analysis for major geographies. The analysis considers factors such as level of competition, interference of government and regulatory agencies, available customer base and future potential. The global antibacterial drugs market report includes a chapter on competitive landscape which provides market share analysis by leading players in the antibacterial drugs market, in terms of percent share in the year 2014. The report also includes event impact analysis, which provides a holistic view of new drug approvals in the market. A list of recommendations has also been provided for new entrants as well as existing market players to help them establish a strong presence in the market and increase their market share. The report also profiles major players in the antibacterial drugs market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, business strategies, product portfolio and recent developments. Some of the major players profiled in this report include Allergan plc, AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly & Co., Forest Laboratories, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc. Novartis AG, Pfizer, Inc., and Sanofi. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Antibacterial Drugs market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The global antibacterial drugs market is segmented as follows: Global Antibacterial Drugs Market, by Drug Class, 2013 – 2023 (USD Million) • Aminoglycosides • B-Lactams • Tetracyclines • Sulfonamides • Quinolones/Fluoroquinolones • Macrolides • Phenicols • Miscellaneous Antibacterials Pipeline Analysis of Antibacterial Drugs Market • Actoxumab/Aezlotoxumab, (MK-3415A) • Surotomycin (MK-4261) • Arikace • Cadazolid • Ciprofloxacin/Fluocinolone Acetonide • Zempia (E-101) • Carbavance (meropenem/RPX7009) • Ozenoxacin • RHB-105 • SPL7013 • Delafloxacin • Solithromycin (CEM-101) • Eravacycline • Delamanid • SYM-1219 • Omadacycline (PTK-0796) • Plazomycin Global Antibacterial Drugs Market, by Geography, 2013 – 2023 (USD Million) • North America o U.S. o Canada • Europe o U.K. o Germany o Rest of Europe • Asia-Pacific o China o Japan o Rest of Asia Pacific • Latin America o Brazil o Rest of Latin America • Rest of the World (RoW) Request for Discount of this report – @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China as the most populated country Next PostNext Samenvatting: Swipereaders van Access-IS aan het werk gezet in Griekenland Search Recent Posts Cannabis Branding Agency Uploads Virtual Tours Of Leading Washington Dispensaries Leading Home and Residential Cleaning Company Gears Up For Spring Cleaning Season In The Kitchen A Step Forward for the Future of Sustainable Rubber Family Research Council Praises Trump Administration’s Sweeping Implementation of Pro-life Mexico City Policy Clikia(TM) Video Streaming App Approved for Apple iTunes Store RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Sponsored Content Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 The Future of Higher Education General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes Icon Honors NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Health Care Power 75 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Health Care & Pharma Certara appoints SVP of health economics and education By Emily Bader, May 15, 2017 at 12:07 PM Princeton-based Certara, a provider of decision support technology and consulting services for optimizing drug development and improving health outcomes, announced Monday it has appointed Sally Allerheiligen to the newly-created position of senior vice president of health economics and education. “Budget restrictions are a reality for governments, payers and patients alike and drug value is going to play a growing role in drug development and patient access decisions,” Certara CEO Edmundo Muniz said. “Sandy is an expert at applying quantitative methods and systems pharmacology to experimental and real-world data to create drug-disease models that enable sponsors to make smart decisions. Her teams’ models are already used to inform drug discovery, preclinical, clinical and patient access decisions. At Certara, we are going to broaden the scope of that work and include payers in the discussion. We are excited to have Sandy as a senior leader on our team,” Muniz said. “In the past, sponsors had to clear three hurdles to get a drug approved; they had to prove product safety, efficacy, and quality. Now, they need to overcome a fourth hurdle and demonstrate the product’s value to patients to ensure patient access and reimbursement,” Allerheiligen said. “Sponsors will have to negotiate with every health authority and payer and prove the value for patients. Model-informed drug development (MIDD) will provide sponsors with the quantitative data they need to make a successful case. I am delighted to join Certara because its vision will enable MIDD to reach its full potential.” Allerheiligen previously served as vice president of data sciences and predictive and economic modeling for the Center for Observational and Real-World Evidence at Merck. She joined Merck in 2010 as vice president of modeling and simulation. Prior to that, she was global senior director of pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and trial simulation; senior director of drug disposition; and distinguished fellow and chief scientific officer of quantitative pharmacology at Eli Lilly & Co. Also Popular on NJBIZ • NAIOP honors industry leaders at annual gala • Investors signs up Simms, Esiason for new campaign • Editorial: When courts can't agree, let's hope science prevails • Officials break ground for aviation research, technology park Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Emily Bader Follow @emilybader Emily Bader is the Web Editor and Social Media Coordinator at NJBIZ. She is a Brielle, N.J. native and a Rutgers University alum. You can contact her at emilyb@njbiz.com. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Editorial: When courts can't agree, let's hope science prevails Triple Play: 3 'hidden' routes job seekers can travel to find their dream job NAIOP honors industry leaders at annual gala Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Industry Insights: National Infrastructure Week showcases its importance to N.J., U.S. 2 Cyber-lawyer explains ransomware attacks, what businesses can do to avoid them 3 N.J. cyber-experts: Another attack is coming — here's the No. 1 thing to do (and not to do) 4 Shining a light: Perper has become evangelist for LED lighting, joining growing energy efficiency sector 5 Accenture buys Asbury Park e-commerce solutions firm 1 N.J. Future says suburban demographics don't match popular opinion (slideshow) (1) Featured News Cyber-lawyer explains ransomware attacks, what businesses can do to avoid them Industry Insights: National Infrastructure Week showcases its importance to N.J., U.S. N.J. cyber-experts: Another attack is coming — here's the No. 1 thing to do (and not to do) Officials break ground for aviation research, technology park Investors signs up Simms, Esiason for new campaign Accenture buys Asbury Park e-commerce solutions firm NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Amit Pawar Clarityne Market Research and Projections 2021 on Consumer Needs, Pricing strategy, Revenue and Growth Rate Global Clarityne Market Research Report provides insights of Clarityne industry over past 5 years and a forecast until 2022.Report studies the Clarityne Market status and future trend in global market, splits Clarityne by type and by applications, to fully and deeply research and reveal the market situation and future forecast. Clarityne Market report would come in handy to understand your competitors and give you an insight about sales; volumes, revenues in the Clarityne industry, assists in making strategic decisions. It reduces the risks involved in making decisions as well as strategies for companies and individuals interested in the Clarityne industry. Both established and new players in Clarityne industry can use report to understand the market. Clarityne Market: Type wise segment: – Loratadine Tablet, Loratadine Capsule, Loratadine Syrup Clarityne Market: Applications wise segment: – Adult Drug, Pediatric Drug Type wise and application wise consumption figures are given. With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. Get a Sample PDF of Clarityne Market Research report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10628122 Clarityne Market report contains proven analysis by regions, especially for North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focusing top manufacturers in global market, with Production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering top players like Merck, Bayer, Perrigo, Sun Pharma, Apotex and many more. On competitive landscape, this report includes complete profiles of Clarityne Market key players. For each player contact information is given. Their product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are provided for better understanding. For Pre-order enquiry of Clarityne Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10628122 Some key points of Clarityne Market research report: – What is status of Clarityne Market? This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, Prospect, Growth trend, Sales by regions, manufacturers, types and applications. What Is Clarityne Market Competition considering Manufacturers, Types and Application? Who Are Clarityne Market Key Manufacturers? Clarityne Manufacturing Cost Analysis – Analysis done by considering prime elements. Clarityne Market Effect Factor Analysis-Technology Process/Risk Considering Substitute Threat and Technology Progress In Clarityne Industry; Consumer Needs or What Change Is Observed in Preference of Customer of Clarityne Market What is Clarityne Market forecast (2017-2022) Considering Sales, Revenue, Growth rate, Price and Trends for Regions, Types and Applications? With Experts Interview, Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation, Primary & Secondary Sources and Research Center data, Clarityne Market research report guides you towards exponential growth. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V. Announces Cash Tender Offers Next PostNext Pressure BioSciences, Inc. to Discuss First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Provide Business Update Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Biosimilars and Follow-on Biologics Market 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 15 May, 2017, 10:45 ET Share this article LONDON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs), Fusion Proteins, Insulin, Erythropoietins, Granulocyte Colony-Stimulating Factor (G-CSF), Interferons, Growth Hormones, Fertility Hormones The global biosimilars and follow-on biologics market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 38.8% in the first half of the forecast period and CAGR of 11.3% in the second half of the forecast period. The market is estimated at $5.31bn in 2016 and $41.07bn in 2027. How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. In this brand new 318-page report you will receive 128 tables and 68 figures - all unavailable elsewhere. The 318-page report provides clear detailed insight into the global biosimilars and follow-on biologics market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope  • Global Biosimilars and Follow-on Biologics Market forecasts from 2017-2027 • Along with revenue prediction for the overall world market for biosimilars, our investigation shows forecasts to 2027 for 8 individual therapeutic submarkets: - Monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) - Fusion proteins - Insulin - Erythropoietin (EPO) - Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) - Interferons - Growth hormones - Fertility hormones • This report also shows revenue to 2027 for 12 individual submarkets within the above segments: - Rituximab, infliximab, trastuzumab, adalimumab and bevacizumab - Human insulin, insulin analogues, insulin glargine and insulin lispro - Interferon alfa and interferon beta - Etanercept • Our analyses show individual revenue forecasts to 2027 for 12 national markets: - US - Japan - Germany, France, UK, Italy and Spain - China, India, South Korea, Russia and Brazil • Our study discusses pressures, opportunities and other events affecting the biosimilars industry and market from 2016, including these influences: - Strategies for developing biosimilars - needs, demand, challenges and opportunities - Guidelines from regulators (FDA, EMA and others) - Patent challenges and data exclusivity for biopharmaceuticals - Needs and opportunities in developing biosimilar mAbs, including rising incidence of cancers and increasing demand for lower-cost biologicals - Developments in technology and operations for biosimilar drug production. Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the biosimilars and follow-on biologics market. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Biosimilars and Follow-On Biologics Market 2017-2027: Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs), Fusion Proteins, Insulin, Erythropoietins, Granulocyte Colony-Stimulating Factor (G-CSF), Interferons, Growth Hormones, Fertility Hormones. To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.comor call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1860/Global-Biosimilars-and-Follow-On-Biologics-Market-2017-2027 Companies Mentioned in the Report  Allergan Allozyne Alteogen Alvogen Amarey Novamedical Amega Biotech Amgen Apotex Astellas Pharma AstraZeneca Avesthagen Baxter Bayer Beijing Four Rings Beijing SL Pharmaceutical Biocad Bioceuticals Biogen BioGenomics Biolab Bionovis BioPartners Biosidus Bioton BioXpress Therapeutics Boehringer Ingelheim Bristol-Myers Squibb Cambridge Antibody Technology CCL Pharmaceuticals CCM Duopharma Celltrion Centocor Ortho Biotech Chong Kun Dang Chugai CinnaGen. Coherus BioSciences Compass Biotechnologies Cristália CT Arzneimittel Cyplasin Daiichi Sankyo Dong-A Pharmaceutical Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Egis Pharmaceuticals Eisai Eli Lilly Elpen Pharmaceutical Emcure Pharmaceuticals EMS Epirus Eurofarma Express Scripts FibroGen Finox Biotech Fuji Pharma Gan & Lee Genetech Genexine Gennova GenSci Genzyme Geropharm Gilead Sciences GlaxoSmithKline Hangzhou Jiuyuan Gene Engineering Co. Hanmi Pharmaceutical Hanwha Chemical Haselmeier Health Canada Helius Biotech Hexal Hindustan Antibiotic Hospira Hualida Biotech Hypermarcas IGES Institute Intas Biopharmaceuticals inVentiv Health JCR Pharmaceuticals Johnson & Johnson Kabi Kemwell Biopharma Kissea Koçak Farma Kwizda Pharma Kyowa Hakko Kirin Landsteiner Scientific LG Life Sciences Libbs LKM SA Lonza Mabion Marvel Life Sciences MEDICE Arzneimittel Pütter Merck (MSD) Merck KGaA Merck Serono Minapharm Mitsubishi Tanabe Mochida Pharmaceutical Momenta Pharmaceuticals Mycenax Biotech Mylan Nichi-Iko Nippion Kayaku Novartis Novo Nordisk Nuron Biotech Oncobiologics Ortho Pharmaceutical Orygen PanGen Biotech Pfenex Pfizer Pharmapark Pharmstandard PRA International Pro Generika PROBIOMED Qilu Pharmaceutical Quintiles Ranbaxy Laboratories RAND Corporation Ratiopharm Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Reliance GeneMedix Reliance Life Sciences (RLS) Rentschler Biotechnologie Roche Samsung Bioepis Samsung BioLogics Sandoz Sanofi SciGen Shandong Kexing Pharma Shanghai Celgen Biopharmaceutical Shanghai CP Guojian Shanghai Fosun Shantha Biotechnics Shinogi Sicor Biotech Sothema Laboratories Spectrum Pharmaceuticals STADA Arzneimittel Stragen Pharma Strides Arcolab Syngene International Synthon Biopharmaceuticals Takeda Teva Tianjin Hualida Biotechnology Tonghua Dongbao TSH Biopharm Corp União Química USV Biologics Virchow Biotech Wanbang Biopharmaceuticals Wockhardt Xiamen Amoytop Biotech Zenotech Zhejian Huahai Pharmaceutical Zuventus Zydus Biovation Zydus Cadila To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd 15 May, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: UAV Software Market Forecast 2017-2027 15 May, 2017, 10:30 ET Preview: Automotive Head-Up Display (HUD) Market Analysis Report 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15 May, 2017, 10:30 ET UAV Software Market Forecast 2017-2027 15 May, 2017, 10:30 ET Automotive Head-Up Display (HUD) Market Analysis Report 2017-2027 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Biosimilars and Follow-on Biologics Market 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 15 May, 2017, 10:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Global Biosimilars and Follow-on Biologics Market 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 15 May, 2017, 15:45 BST Share this article LONDON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs), Fusion Proteins, Insulin, Erythropoietins, Granulocyte Colony-Stimulating Factor (G-CSF), Interferons, Growth Hormones, Fertility Hormones The global biosimilars and follow-on biologics market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 38.8% in the first half of the forecast period and CAGR of 11.3% in the second half of the forecast period. The market is estimated at $5.31bn in 2016 and $41.07bn in 2027. How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. In this brand new 318-page report you will receive 128 tables and 68 figures - all unavailable elsewhere. The 318-page report provides clear detailed insight into the global biosimilars and follow-on biologics market. Discover the key drivers and challenges affecting the market. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you stay better informed and ready to act. Report Scope  • Global Biosimilars and Follow-on Biologics Market forecasts from 2017-2027 • Along with revenue prediction for the overall world market for biosimilars, our investigation shows forecasts to 2027 for 8 individual therapeutic submarkets: - Monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) - Fusion proteins - Insulin - Erythropoietin (EPO) - Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) - Interferons - Growth hormones - Fertility hormones • This report also shows revenue to 2027 for 12 individual submarkets within the above segments: - Rituximab, infliximab, trastuzumab, adalimumab and bevacizumab - Human insulin, insulin analogues, insulin glargine and insulin lispro - Interferon alfa and interferon beta - Etanercept • Our analyses show individual revenue forecasts to 2027 for 12 national markets: - US - Japan - Germany, France, UK, Italy and Spain - China, India, South Korea, Russia and Brazil • Our study discusses pressures, opportunities and other events affecting the biosimilars industry and market from 2016, including these influences: - Strategies for developing biosimilars - needs, demand, challenges and opportunities - Guidelines from regulators (FDA, EMA and others) - Patent challenges and data exclusivity for biopharmaceuticals - Needs and opportunities in developing biosimilar mAbs, including rising incidence of cancers and increasing demand for lower-cost biologicals - Developments in technology and operations for biosimilar drug production. Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the biosimilars and follow-on biologics market. You find data, trends and predictions. Buy our report today Global Biosimilars and Follow-On Biologics Market 2017-2027: Monoclonal Antibodies (mAbs), Fusion Proteins, Insulin, Erythropoietins, Granulocyte Colony-Stimulating Factor (G-CSF), Interferons, Growth Hormones, Fertility Hormones. To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.comor call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100 Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1860/Global-Biosimilars-and-Follow-On-Biologics-Market-2017-2027 Companies Mentioned in the Report  Allergan Allozyne Alteogen Alvogen Amarey Novamedical Amega Biotech Amgen Apotex Astellas Pharma AstraZeneca Avesthagen Baxter Bayer Beijing Four Rings Beijing SL Pharmaceutical Biocad Bioceuticals Biogen BioGenomics Biolab Bionovis BioPartners Biosidus Bioton BioXpress Therapeutics Boehringer Ingelheim Bristol-Myers Squibb Cambridge Antibody Technology CCL Pharmaceuticals CCM Duopharma Celltrion Centocor Ortho Biotech Chong Kun Dang Chugai CinnaGen. Coherus BioSciences Compass Biotechnologies Cristália CT Arzneimittel Cyplasin Daiichi Sankyo Dong-A Pharmaceutical Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Egis Pharmaceuticals Eisai Eli Lilly Elpen Pharmaceutical Emcure Pharmaceuticals EMS Epirus Eurofarma Express Scripts FibroGen Finox Biotech Fuji Pharma Gan & Lee Genetech Genexine Gennova GenSci Genzyme Geropharm Gilead Sciences GlaxoSmithKline Hangzhou Jiuyuan Gene Engineering Co. Hanmi Pharmaceutical Hanwha Chemical Haselmeier Health Canada Helius Biotech Hexal Hindustan Antibiotic Hospira Hualida Biotech Hypermarcas IGES Institute Intas Biopharmaceuticals inVentiv Health JCR Pharmaceuticals Johnson & Johnson Kabi Kemwell Biopharma Kissea Koçak Farma Kwizda Pharma Kyowa Hakko Kirin Landsteiner Scientific LG Life Sciences Libbs LKM SA Lonza Mabion Marvel Life Sciences MEDICE Arzneimittel Pütter Merck (MSD) Merck KGaA Merck Serono Minapharm Mitsubishi Tanabe Mochida Pharmaceutical Momenta Pharmaceuticals Mycenax Biotech Mylan Nichi-Iko Nippion Kayaku Novartis Novo Nordisk Nuron Biotech Oncobiologics Ortho Pharmaceutical Orygen PanGen Biotech Pfenex Pfizer Pharmapark Pharmstandard PRA International Pro Generika PROBIOMED Qilu Pharmaceutical Quintiles Ranbaxy Laboratories RAND Corporation Ratiopharm Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Reliance GeneMedix Reliance Life Sciences (RLS) Rentschler Biotechnologie Roche Samsung Bioepis Samsung BioLogics Sandoz Sanofi SciGen Shandong Kexing Pharma Shanghai Celgen Biopharmaceutical Shanghai CP Guojian Shanghai Fosun Shantha Biotechnics Shinogi Sicor Biotech Sothema Laboratories Spectrum Pharmaceuticals STADA Arzneimittel Stragen Pharma Strides Arcolab Syngene International Synthon Biopharmaceuticals Takeda Teva Tianjin Hualida Biotechnology Tonghua Dongbao TSH Biopharm Corp União Química USV Biologics Virchow Biotech Wanbang Biopharmaceuticals Wockhardt Xiamen Amoytop Biotech Zenotech Zhejian Huahai Pharmaceutical Zuventus Zydus Biovation Zydus Cadila To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com SOURCE Visiongain Ltd 15 May, 2017, 16:00 BST Preview: UAV Software Market Forecast 2017-2027 15 May, 2017, 15:30 BST Preview: Automotive Head-Up Display (HUD) Market Analysis Report 2017-2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15 May, 2017, 16:00 BSTUAV Software Market Forecast 2017-2027 15 May, 2017, 15:30 BSTAutomotive Head-Up Display (HUD) Market Analysis Report 2017-2027 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Biosimilars and Follow-on Biologics Market 2017-2027 News provided by Visiongain Ltd 15 May, 2017, 15:45 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Vitamin Deficiency Treatment Market Set to Surge Significantly by 2022 Vitamin deficiency, also called as hypovitaminosis, is primarily caused by malnutrition. The rate of undernourishment is high in undeveloped and developing countries such as Africa, Vienna and some parts of South-East Asia. Vitamin deficiency can lead to various diseases such as vitamin D deficiency causes rickets, vitamin A deficiency leads to night blindness, Xerophthalmia whereas deficiency of vitamin B complex can give rise to disorders ranging from anemia, beriberi, cheilosis, pellagra to severe neuronal disorders. Vitamin deficiency is treated with tablets or capsules of vitamin supplements along with vitamin rich diet such as carrots, beef, fish, eggs, chicken, green leafy vegetables, c itric fruits etc. Severe cases of vitamin deficiency can also be treated by IV injections of vitamin supplements. Treatment with vitamin pills is most likely to be recommended along with home remedies such as exposure to early morning sunlight, diet regulation etc. The most commonly found deficiencies are that of vitamin A, B and D globally. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/9995 Undernourishment in the underdeveloped countries is the major driver of growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. High incidence of anemia, paraesthesia and other hypovitaminosis are the other major factors contributing to hike in global vitamin deficiency treatment market. Vitamin supplements are also used as an adjunct therapy in many disorders including alopecia, depression, ulcers etc., high prevalence of which can propel the growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. Unavailability of treatment opportunities in the underdeveloped countries can be the factor which can hamper growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market. The global vitamin deficiency treatment market has been segmented on the basis of product type, retail sales channels and geography. Based on product type, the global vitamin deficiency treatment market is divided into following: OTC Multivitamin therapies, Single Vitamin therapies, Vitamin A Supplements, Vitamin B complex Supplements, Vitamin D supplements and Others (Vit C, Vit K etc) Based on retail sales channels, the global hyperpigmentation treatment market is divided into following: Pharmacy and drugstores, Hospital pharmacy, Online drug stores/email prescription stores, Hypermarkets and Supermarkets The global vitamin deficiency treatment market is highly fragmented with large number of local as well as strong players. The market for OTC multivitamin therapies is highly valued owing to the most frequent and easy mode of therapy to treat vitamin deficiency. Low government regulations, affordability of raw materials, rising health awareness are the factors responsible to drive the growth of global vitamin deficiency treatment market over the forecast period from 2016-2026. Geographically, the global vitamin deficiency treatment market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America will continue to hold largest share in the global vitamin deficiency treatment market due to increasing health consciousness. APAC and MEA are expected to experience rapid growth during the forecast period due to emergence of new small players providing cost-effective therapies. Increasing per capita GDP in several countries like Africa, Brazil may translate into high growth rate for the vitamin deficiency treatment market in the region. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/9995 Some of the major players in the global vitamin deficiency treatment market include Merck & Co., Inc., Nature’s Bounty, Inc., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Pfizer, Sandoz, Cipla Inc., Mankind Pharma, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. and many more. Herbal vitamin therapy manufacturers include Himalaya Herbal Healthcare, Dabur International Limited, DF Pharmacy Limited, Pharmavite LLC and others About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Featured Interview: CEO Paul Thompson, Sr. of Mexus Gold US (OTCQB: MXSG) Next PostNext Anguilla Unveils New Anguilla App With Special Deals To Celebrate Turning 50 Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Nanomedicine Market 2016-2023 Industry Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases The new research report on Nanomedicine Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2023. The report on global nanomedicine market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2016-2023. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). The Adoption of latest technology in diagnostic procedures are the major factors pushing the market uphill. But After effects associated with the intake of nanoparticles might restraint the growth in the coming years. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-17040 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Abbott Laboratories, ABLYNX, AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Bio-Gate AG, Brigham and Women’s Hospital (BWH), Celgene Corporation, Cytimmune Sciences, Inc., Epeius Biotechnologies Corporation, Gilead, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Leadiant Biosciences, Inc., Merck & Co Ltd., Nanospectra Biosciences, Inc., Pfizer, Inc. and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Geographically, the Nanomedicine market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. The report classifies the market into different segments based on product, application and nanomolecule type. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Nanomedicine Market Analysis By Product Nanomedicine Market Analysis By Application Nanomedicine Market Analysis By Nanomolecule Type Nanomedicine Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Nanomedicine Companies Company Profiles Of The Nanomedicine Industry Purchase Complete Global Nanomedicine Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-17040 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Nanomedicine Market Report, Healthcare, Nanomedicine, Nanomedicine Industry, Nanomedicine Industry Outlook, Nanomedicine Industry Report, Nanomedicine market, Nanomedicine Market Analysis, Nanomedicine Market Growth, Nanomedicine Market Report, Nanomedicine Market Share, Nanomedicine Market Size, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FORM Hotel Announces the Integration of HotOIL™ by Smartotels Next PostNext EY Announces Scott Pressly of Tropical Smoothie Cafe Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Award Finalist in the Southeast Search Recent Posts NovaSparks renforce son offre de capitaux aux États-Unis NovaSparks Strengthens Its U.S. Equity Offering QIHAN Unveils Multi-service Platform System for Sanbot Robot OpenLink Launches the First Comprehensive Trading, Treasury and Risk Cloud Platform International Federation of Robotics: France Outperforms Britain as Robots Transform Car Industry RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Alcobra Announces Leadership Update Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 15, 2017 8:00am   Comments Share: Dr. Yaron Daniely to Step Down as Chief Executive Officer, Effective May 31, 2017 David Baker Named Interim Chief Executive Officer Dr. Daniely to Remain on Board of Directors and be Appointed Chairman TEL AVIV, Israel, May 15, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Alcobra Ltd. (NASDAQ:ADHD), an emerging pharmaceutical company focused on the development of new medications to treat significant unmet clinical needs, today announced that Dr. Yaron Daniely will be stepping down on May 31, 2017 as President and Chief Executive Officer to become the Chief Executive Officer of Yissum, the technology transfer company of the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, Israel. David Baker, currently Alcobra's Chief Commercial Officer, will assume the position of interim CEO. Dr. Daniely will remain on the Board of Directors of Alcobra and will be actively involved in ensuring a seamless transition of duties and responsibilities.  The Company's Board of Directors also announced that it has appointed Dr. Daniely as Chairman of the Board of Directors, effective June 1, 2017. "Dr. Daniely has been a driven and passionate leader for the company and we thank him for years of service as CEO and wish him all the best as CEO of Yissum.  We are grateful that he will continue to provide leadership as chairman of Alcobra and actively support the CEO transition," said Howard B. Rosen, current Chairman of Alcobra. "Alcobra has significantly advanced a strategic alternatives process to review opportunities to create value for all of our shareholders.  Further, we have made substantial progress in reducing overall costs and expenses.  We look forward to updating shareholders on future developments."  "It has been an honor to lead Alcobra over the past seven years," said Dr. Yaron Daniely. "I'm proud of what we've accomplished, and believe the company has made significant progress over the past few months to advance potential value creation.  I have full confidence in David and the rest of the management team and look forward to an ongoing role at the board level in shaping the future of Alcobra." Mr. Baker said, "I am proud to succeed Dr. Daniely as Alcobra's interim CEO. Yaron is an exceptional leader and mentor.  I look forward to working with the rest of Alcobra's team to continue delivering on the company's strategic objectives."  Alcobra continues its established process to explore options for creating shareholder value. The company is currently exploring strategic alternatives, which may include partnership or monetization opportunities for the company's proprietary product candidates – MDX and/or ADAIR, as well as partnering, licensing, M&A opportunities or other transactions to further develop the company's pipeline and drug- development capabilities for the benefit of increasing shareholder value. About David Baker Mr. Baker joined Alcobra in 2014 as Chief Commercial Officer. Prior to joining Alcobra, he worked at Shire Pharmaceuticals for 10 years, including as Vice President of Commercial Strategy and New Business in the Neuroscience Business Unit. In that role, Mr. Baker led the commercial assessment of neuroscience licensing opportunities, managed commercial efforts on pipeline CNS products, and led the long term strategic planning process. Previously, he served as Global General Manager for Shire's Vyvanse® where he led the launch of Vyvanse and led global expansion efforts including successful establishment of a partnership in Japan and launches in Canada and Brazil. Prior to that, Mr. Baker served as Vice President of Marketing for all of Shire's ADHD products. From 1990 - 2004, Mr. Baker worked at Merck & Co., where he held positions of increasing responsibility in marketing, sales, market research, and business development. In addition to his knowledge and experience with CNS medications, Mr. Baker's expertise includes therapeutics for osteoporosis, migraine, and hyperlipidemia. He has been directly involved with the marketing of five medications with annual sales in excess of $1 billion each. Mr. Baker graduated Magna Cum Laude with a bachelor's degree in Economics and Computer Science from Duke University. He earned a Master of Business Administration in Marketing from Duke's Fuqua School of Business. About Alcobra Alcobra Ltd. is an emerging pharmaceutical company primarily focused on the development and commercialization of medications to treat significant unmet medical needs. For more information, please visit the company's website, www.alcobra-pharma.com, the content of which is not incorporated herein by reference. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other Federal securities laws. Because such statements deal with future events and are based on the Company's current expectations, they are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results, performance or achievements of the Company could differ materially from those described in or implied by the statements in this press release. For example, forward-looking statements include statements regarding updating shareholders on future developments, creating shareholder value and exploring strategic alternatives. The forward-looking statements contained or implied in this press release are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in subsequent filings with the SEC. Except as otherwise required by law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise.  Contact
Investor Contacts
Alcobra Investor Relations
Debbie Kaye
US: 212-390-8964, Intl: +972-3-7299871  
IR@alcobra-pharma.com

Media Contacts
Gagnier Communications
Dan Gagnier/Patrick Reynolds
646-569-5897
dg@gagnierfc.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 AMAT, TWLO: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Twilio And Applied Materials 2 NVDA: Here's What You Missed From Nvidia's Analyst Day 3 COH, KATE: Coach Bags Kate Spade: Here's What The Experts Think... 4 LMT, UL: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Lockheed Martin, P... 5 CTSH, INFY: Indian IT Outsourcing Giants At Crossroa... 6 HD, TGT: Retail Earnings Expectations: Hom... 7 X, FB: Apple Nears $1 Trillion Valu... 1 TMO, TSLA: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Mostly Higher; Crude Oil Up... 2 XLE: Carter Worth And Mike Khouw's XLE Trade 3 AAPL, GSAT: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From May 12-14: Apple-L... 4 ADDYY, JPM: Adidas, Alibaba, JPMorgan, Tesla: Fast Money Pic... 5 SNAP: Dan Nathan's Bullish Snap Trade 6 AMZN: Mike Khouw's Amazon Options Trade 7 WLB, SORL: 5 Stocks To Watch For May 15, 2017 View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading How AstraZeneca cancer drug forecasts are set to rise Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search How AstraZeneca cancer drug forecasts are set to rise Advertisement Health How AstraZeneca cancer drug forecasts are set to rise 15 May 2017 08:05PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail LONDON: Sales forecasts for AstraZeneca's all-important new cancer immunotherapy drug Imfinzi are set to rise after the drugmaker received an unexpectedly early boost for the medicine in lung cancer last week. Consensus sales forecast compiled before Friday's news of the drug's success in stage III lung cancer had put AstraZeneca well behind rivals in the multibillion-dollar immuno-oncology race, Thomson Reuters data shows. (http://tmsnrt.rs/2pOcvj9) Success in the stage III setting now adds an annual sales opportunity that analysts estimate is worth about US$2 billion - and the British drugmaker also has an important lead of two to three years over rivals in this particular area. There is still plenty to fight for between AstraZeneca and its main rivals, Merck & Co, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Roche. Imfinzi's success in non-metastatic disease does not guarantee a positive result for AstraZeneca's big MYSTIC trial, where Imfinzi is being tested in combination with another drug in stage IV non-small cell lung cancer that has already spread beyond the lungs. Those results are due by mid-year. Advertisement Advertisement Merck's Keytruda, Bristol's Opdivo and Roche's Tecentriq are all currently approved in such metastatic disease, representing a large market, since many lung cancer patients will already have reached stage IV by the time they are diagnosed. For a graphic on cancer drug battle http://tmsnrt.rs/2pOcvj9 (Reporting by Ben Hirschler, editing by Pritha Sarkar) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending Teva drops laquinimod FDA approves Radicava Immunomedics deal abandoned Pfizer launches ATLAS Sanofi agrees deal with Exscientia AZ buoyed by Imfinzi lung cancer trial Phase III study shows PD-L1 inhibitor increased progression-free survival AstraZeneca has been boosted by a phase III trial showing its PD-L1 inhibitor Imfinzi increased progression-free survival (PFS) when used as a monotherapy in lung cancer, despite all eyes being on an upcoming combination study. The PACIFIC trial showed that Imfinzi (durvalumab) improved PFS compared to placebo in patients with advanced, inoperable and chemotherapy-resistant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who had not progressed after first-line chemotherapy and radiotherapy. It's a major coup for Imfinzi, which only just picked up its first approval - for bladder cancer - and is playing catch-up in the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor category with four other drugs reaching the market before it. The trial wasn't on the radar of many analysts, who have suggested Imfinzi's fortunes will rely on the MYSTIC trial in first-line NSCLC, where it will be given as a monotherapy and alongside CTLA4 inhibitor tremelimumab. With positive data from PACIFIC in hand, investors helped push AZ to a 5% share price rise ahead of the weekend. Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez called the data an "early upside surprise" as it gives AZ a slice of the NSCLC monotherapy market currently unaddressed by rival checkpoint inhibitors such as Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo (nivolumab), Merck & Co's Keytruda (pembrolizumab) and Roche's Tecentriq (atezolizumab). Deutsche Bank said in a research note that the results "could open a market opportunity of $1.75bn to $3.5bn (or more) for the drug, which is not included in our current forecasts." AZ is claiming to be at least two to three years ahead of its competitors in this indication, and the company is planning to file quickly with regulators to press its advantage. PACIFIC is also evaluating overall survival as the other main outcome measure, which AZ said will be "assessed in due course as specified by the protocol". "These are highly encouraging results for patients with locally-advanced lung cancer for whom surgery is not an option," said AZ's chief medical officer Sean Bohen. "We look forward to working with regulatory authorities around the world to bring Imfinzi to lung cancer patients as soon as possible." Analysts also suggest that the data raise expectations that the MYSTIC trial will be positive for both Imfinzi monotherapy and the combination with tremelimumab when it reads out in the summer, and this could give AZ the ammunition it needs to take on Keytruda in the first-line NSCLC setting. Meanwhile, AZ also has a head-to-head trial comparing Imfinzi to standard chemotherapy in first-line NSCLC patients whose tumours express PD-L1. The unexpected positive shows once again that there is all to play for in the checkpoint inhibitor market, and the fortunes of a drug can turn on the outcome of a single study. BMS' discovered this to its cost when Opdivo flunked a first-Line NSCLC trial last year, while Roche was blind-sided last week by a negative confirmatory phase III trial for Tecentriq in bladder cancer. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 15th May 2017 From: Research Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content AZ gets first OK for PD-L1 inhibitor durvalumab Deal Watch February 2017 Merck gains ground in lung cancer with first-line combo approval Choices, choices... AstraZeneca appoints head of oncology Related Hub content FALCON trial of fulvestrant for advanced breast cancer How pembrolizumab will change the management of advanced lung cancer It’s a digital hat trick for Pegasus as it scoops GOLD and two SILVERS at the PM Society Digital Awards 2016 PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Senior Medical Writer – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Editorial Manager – Medical Education – Global Agency Salary TBC Associate Director – Healthcare PR – Global Agency Salary TBC FREELANCE ACCOUNT DIRECTOR - MED ED OR HEALTHCARE PR - LONDON - ... SUPERB DAY RATE AVAILABLE Pharmaceutical Associate Director, PR £85, 000 - £100, 000 generous package Account Director, Digital Healthcare Communications Agency £45, 000 – £55, 000 benefits Director, Scientific Services £80 – 90, 000 benefits Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Scientific Dire... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits Associate Project Manager – Editorial – Med Comms Salary TBC General Manager UK Generous compensation package on offer ENTRY LEVEL - Associate Medical Writer / Junior Medical Writer -... DOE Director, Scientific Services Great salary and benefits Account Director, Medical Communications £60, 000 – £65, 000 benefits Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Programme Director - Healthcare PR - London Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare Communications £50, 000 - £60, 000 Medical Writer Competitive Account Director - Medical Education Negotiable Global Account Supervisor Negotiable Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications Agency £55, 000 - £60, 000 bonus benefits Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Merck gains ground in lung cancer with first-line combo approval Pfizer launches antibiotic resistance surveillance website GSK's Nucala posts mixed results in COPD Sanofi agrees €250m diabetes deal with AI firm Exscientia Communique Merck and Pfizer claim second FDA nod for cancer drug Bavencio Finding a cure for 'templatitis'… Clark Health Communications celebrates rapid growth and team promotions What's next after e-detailing? Lilly set to head to regulators with CGRP migraine drug AZ buoyed by Imfinzi lung cancer trial Why patient information leaflets need improvement PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services infill healthcare communication infill is a dynamic and innovative, international healthcare agency with >25 years' experience in delivering healthcare communication, medical education and... Latest intelligence What's next after e-detailing? You have your e-detailing system in place and are now thinking about multichannel. You want to provide a seamless customer experience across all channels – websites, apps, social media platforms,... Why patient information leaflets need improvement Health literacy must be considered during patient information leaflet development, as it can make a difference and improve patient lives.... Our nursing heroes This May 12 marks 197 years since the birth of nursing pioneer Florence Nightingale. Every year on her birthday, International Nurses Day celebrates the vital work of nurses worldwide.... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Syndax Pharmaceuticals to Present at the 2017 UBS Global Healthcare Conference Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 15, 2017 7:00am   Comments Share: WALTHAM, Mass., May 15, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNDX), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing entinostat and SNDX-6352 in multiple cancer indications, today announced that Chief Executive Officer Briggs W. Morrison, M.D., will present at the 2017 UBS Global Healthcare Conference on May 22, 2017 at 11:30 am EDT at the Grand Hyatt New York. A live webcast of the Company's presentation can be accessed from the Investor section of the Company's website at www.syndax.com, where a replay of the event will also be available for a limited time. About Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Syndax is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing an innovative pipeline of cancer therapies. Our lead product candidate, entinostat, which was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation by the FDA following positive results from our Phase 2b clinical trial, ENCORE 301, is currently being evaluated in a Phase 3 clinical trial for advanced hormone receptor positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative breast cancer. Given its potential ability to block the function of immune suppressive cells in the tumor microenvironment, entinostat is also being evaluated in combination with approved PD-1 antagonists. Ongoing Phase 1b/2 clinical trials combine entinostat with KEYTRUDA® from Merck & Co., Inc. for non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma; with TECENTRIQ® from Genentech, Inc. for TNBC; and with BAVENCIOTM from Pfizer Inc. and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, for ovarian cancer. Our second product candidate, SNDX-6352, is a monoclonal antibody that blocks the CSF-1 receptor and may also block the function of immune suppressive cells in the tumor microenvironment. SNDX-6352 is being evaluated in a single ascending dose Phase 1 clinical trial and is expected to be developed to treat a variety of cancers. Investor Contact
Heather Savelle
Argot Partners
heather@argotpartners.com
Tel 617.340.6072

Media Contact
Eliza Schleifstein
Argot Partners
eliza@argotpartners.com
Tel 973.361.1546 View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 TWLO, AMAT: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Twilio And Applied Materials 2 KATE, COH: Coach Bags Kate Spade: Here's What The Experts Think Of... 3 NVDA: Here's What You Missed From Nvidia's Analyst Day 4 PG, LMT: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Lockheed Martin, P... 5 CTSH, INFY: Indian IT Outsourcing Giants At Crossroa... 6 HD, TGT: Retail Earnings Expectations: Hom... 7 BRK-A, GOOGL: Apple Nears $1 Trilli... 1 WLB, PGR: 5 Stocks To Watch For May 15, 2017 2 Economic Data Scheduled For Monday 3 SORL, ALDX: Earnings Scheduled For May 15, 2017 4 LE, SNAP: Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Monday Trade 5 FEYE, CRM: Watch These 8 Huge Call Purchases In Monday Trade 6 AL, UL: Barron's Picks And Pans: Foreign S... 7 TWLO, AMAT: Jim Cramer Shares His Thought... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs Market to Witness Comprehensive Growth by 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs are the group of drugs or medications prescribed for treating life style disorders such as erectile dysfunction, acne, aging symptoms baldness, wrinkles etc. Also lifestyle drugs treat the conditions such as obesity, alcoholism, smoking, insomnia etc. many lifestyle drugs are available at OTC products.  Popularity of the lifestyle drugs have increased as these drugs are used for increasing aesthetic appeal. Whereas these drugs are used for eliminating the chronic life style habits such as smoking and alcoholism, thus reducing the chances of getting major diseases such as liver failure and lung cancer. Lifestyle drugs market comprises of different drugs for therapeutic areas such as obesity, insomnia, dermatology, sexual dysfunction and others. However these drugs are available in various forms such as creams, gels, lotions, tablets etc. depending upon the therapeutic usage of the drug. Lifestyle Drugs market revenue is growing with a significant rate, this is attributed to increasing usage of the drugs for obesity. In addition to this, increasing prevalence of insomnia and stress leads to increase in the revenue growth of life style drugs market over the forecast period. Also increase in looks consciousness leads to increasing number of people visiting dermatologists for curing acne, baldness and wrinkles. Growing healthcare expenditure and increasing inclination of patients to opt for lifestyle drugs drives the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Increasing number of new drug launches for various ailments also drives the market for lifestyle drugs market. However higher pricing of some life style drugs along with availability of alternative treatment plans such as yoga for obesity is expected to hamper the growth of the lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Lifestyle drugs market revenue is expected to grow at a good growth rate, over the forecast period. The market is anticipated to perform well in the near future due to increasing awareness regarding various lifestyle drugs available in the market. Also the market is anticipated to grow with a fastest CAGR over the forecast period, attributed to increasing health and looks consciousness which in turn drives the revenue growth of life style drugs market. Increasing investment in R&D and increasing number of new product launches, collaborations, strategic tie-ups are the major factors estimated to drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Depending on geographic region, the Lifestyle Drugs market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is occupying the largest regional market share in the global lifestyle drugs market owing to the presence of more number of market players, high awareness levels regarding the use of various life style drugs. Increasing healthcare expenditure and relatively larger number of R&D exercises pertaining to product manufacturing and marketing activities in the region. Also Europe is expected to perform well in the near future due to increasing number of people opting for drugs to increase their aesthetic appeal which in turn drives the revenue growth of dermatology segment of lifestyle drugs market. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR because of increase in the prevalence of sexual disorders, also increase in the prevalence of baldness and premature aging drive the revenue growth of   lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Some of the key players of lifestyle drugs market includes Allergan, BMS, Eli Lilly, Galderma, Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Sanofi, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Johnson & Johnson etc. Many companies have entered lifestyle drugs market to target the untapped areas in the market. The companies in lifestyle drugs market are increasingly engaged in strategic partnerships, collaborations and promotional activities to capture a greater pie of market share as the market is in the nascent stage. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14158 The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14158 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Lifestyle Drugs Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Teletherapy Machines Industry is Expected to Rise at a Remarkable CAGR During 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Thalidomide Sales Industry Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Julia O’Neill of Tunnell Consulting Shares Process Validation Insights at Pharma Conference Julia O’Neill of Tunnell Consulting Shares Process Validation Insights at Pharma Conference Posted on May 15, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Presentation explores alternative approaches for specification setting, and recommends specific strategies for accelerated validation King of Prussia, PA (PRWEB) May 15, 2017 Tunnell Consulting announced that Julia O’Neill, principal and statistician, will be sharing her insights in a presentation of “The Key Role of Specifications in Process Validation,” at the Process Validation Summit 2017, May 18 and 19, at the Racquet Club of Philadelphia. The event will bring together leaders from the pharmaceutical and biotech industries to explore processes, strategies and new approaches to ensuring that they meet or exceed regulatory expectations and avoid costly FDA delays. O’Neill also recently presented at the Regulatory Sciences for Biologics and Vaccines Conference in Leesburg, Virginia, which focused on accelerating and enabling manufacturing innovation. During that conference, which was held in April, the subject of O’Neill’s presentation was “Lifecycle approach to validation supports accelerated approvals.” She also took part in a panel discussion in April’s Outsourced Pharma event in Boston, where she moderated discussions of “Winning workforce: A new generation in the supply chain.” and “FDA, regulatory, and quality dynamics for innovative outsourcing.” As regulators require ongoing monitoring of processes throughout a drug product’s lifecycle, pharmaceutical companies must modernize their validation and risk management approaches. This event will cover these issues, along with discussions of global technology transfer, process validation lifecycle management, and how the Drug Supply Chain Security Act relates to validation. O’Neill’s presentation explores alternative approaches for specification setting, and recommends specific strategies for both traditional and accelerated validation. “I am looking forward to attending this important industry event,” said O’Neill. “It is especially vital for members of the industry to ensure they are compliant with the latest FDA requirements for validation.” During her presentation, O’Neill will discuss the challenges of gaining information about true product requirements, and the challenges involved in breakthrough or orphan drugs, where data may be limited. O’Neill is a CMC statistician with over 30 years of experience bridging statistics and chemical engineering, applied to a broad range of challenges in vaccines, biologics, pharmaceutical and chemical development and manufacturing. Prior to joining Tunnell, she was responsible for development and deployment of process robustness strategy for manufacturing at Merck. She is an expert at resolving challenging problems using statistical, engineering, and Six Sigma methods. About Tunnell Consulting Founded in 1962 and serving many of the world’s leading life sciences firms and government agencies, Tunnell Consulting, Inc. integrates strategic, technical, process, and organizational skills to design and implement sustainable solutions that exactly meet client needs. With deep industry knowledge, extensive scientific credentials, and superior measurable results, we consistently boost the operating performance of each unique client we serve. To learn more, visit us online at http://www.tunnellconsulting.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14333137.htm Latest News Uptime Legal Announces JurisPage Integration and Partnership with Rocket Matter AMD Global Telemedicine and Adventist Health Roll Out Unified Telemedicine EMR Solution Banner Environmental Services Awarded Women Business Enterprise Certification in Massachusetts Julia O’Neill of Tunnell Consulting Shares Process Validation Insights at Pharma Conference Corporate and ESOP Attorney David B. Fenkell Joins Hawkins Parnell Thackston & Young in New York The American Addiction Treatment Association (AATA) Presents the First Resource of its Kind, the Patient Financial Responsibility Toolkit iTexico, Stratamation to Team on Bundled Software Development Services iland to Present at VeeamON 2017 and Power the Veeam Hands-On Lab Nail Swag Is Getting Personal with New At-Home Experience GSI, Inc. Joins NetSuite Solution Provider Partner Program © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home News Articles LON:AZN Lung cancer success means AstraZeneca now has a “significant lead” over competitors Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 10:56 15 May 2017 That’s according to Deutsche Bank, but analysts at HSBC aren’t quite so sure Results from the key MYSTIC trial are due out over the coming month or so Deutsche Bank reckons AstraZeneca PLC (LON:AZN) has stolen a march on its competitors following the “positive results” from its phase III PACIFIC lung cancer trial last week. On Friday, UK-based Astra told investors that data from the trial had showed that its Imfinzi drug reduced the risk of a patient’s lung cancer worsening or causing death. AstraZeneca was famously late to the PD-1/ PD-L1 scene – a class of proteins that scientists think could suppress the immune system during events such as cancer – but Deutsche Bank thinks last week’s news now gives its immuno-oncology franchise a “significant lead” over its competitors. “Combined with our forecasts for Tagrisso (2022E US$2.3bn), it will allow AZN to build a compelling lung cancer franchise overcoming the disadvantage of its late entrance in the PD-1/PD-L1 class,” said analyst Richard Parkes. “Importantly, we believe the PACIFIC study's early readout suggests a meaningful benefit and the lack of alternatives for patients with locally advanced lung cancer should ensure approval.” ‘Start of return to strong growth’ Astra has been hit by several of its big-name drugs going off-patent in recent years which has impacted revenues, but Parkes reckons the progress of its IO platform could see the firm return to strong growth. German banking giant Deutsche reckons Imfinzi will “conservatively” add at least US$1bn a year in peak sales from the treatment of locally advanced lung cancer, with that figure potentially rising upwards of US$3bn. Parkes has hiked his price target to £57 (from £53.50) as he reiterated his ‘buy’ rating. No read-across to pivotal MYSTIC trial, says HSBC Shares in Astra have rocketed more than 10% over the past couple of trading days since the PACIFIC results were announced. Much of this is likely to do with the perceived knock-on effect this could have on Astra’s key MYSTIC phase III lung cancer trial. READ MORE: AstraZeneca, Merck and Bristol Myers all vying for dominance in lung cancer market In this study, Imfinzi is being tested in combination with tremelimumab – a treatment which is seen as high-risk by the markets but one that, should it come off, could be a game changer for the company and the industry as a whole. With Imfinzi coming up trumps in the PACIFIC readout, many thought it had served to boost the chances of Astra getting MYSTIC across the line. But that’s not the case according to analysts at HSBC, who don’t think there is any read-across between the two trials. “While some investors may take the positive data from Imfinzi in the second line setting as a proxy for what may happen in the first line setting, we would urge caution given that what had been expected from IO drugs (Opdivo in first line lung cancer, Tecentriq in second line bladder cancer) does not always provide a guide to results in other settings,” said analyst Steve McGarry. Imfinzi is ‘too expensive’ The data from the PACIFIC study showed Imfinzi had benefits on a progression-free survival end-point where patients had already been treated with cisplatin and radiotherapy but their disease had not progressed. According to McGarry, this is a potential stumbling block. “If a patient has been through two rounds of cisplatin chemotherapy (which is toxic) plus radiotherapy – the standard of care – and their disease has progressed, we can rationalise why a patient may get treated with a US$150,000 drug,” said the analyst. “However, it is more difficult to rationalise treating a patient with a drug costing this much when their disease has not progressed after two rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy.” “Why would oncologists not use one of the other IO drugs already approved for patients who have progressed, since that is an occurrence that may be judged to be likely anyway?” McGarry repeated his ‘reduce’ recommendation for the stock as well as his £42 price target. AstraZeneca shares gained 52p, or 1%, on Monday morning to £52.28. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Tom Howard Register here to be notified of future AZN Company articles View full AZN profile AstraZeneca Timeline Article Sun AstraZeneca, Merck and Bristol-Myers vying for dominance in lung cancer market Article Fri AstraZeneca reports “highly encouraging” initial results from its PACIFIC lung cancer trial Video May 05 2017 Is oil heading to US$41? - Tip TV Article May 02 2017 US Food & Drug administration gives accelerated approval to drug that uses body’s immune system to f Article April 27 2017 AstraZeneca’s new drugs can’t come quick enough Article April 10 2017 Drugs giant AstraZeneca's recommendation cut by Jefferies Newswire March 31 2017 Drug developer AstraZeneca shares mark time after FDA approval for lung cancer drug Newswire March 20 2017 AstraZeneca’s diabetes drug data shows significant cut in death rates Newswire March 17 2017 FDA deals another blow to AstraZeneca’s ZS-9 blood drug Article March 08 2017 Barclays Capital analysts "resoundingly positive" on pharma stocks; AstraZeneca top pick View All Related Articles Allergy Therapeutics' revenues rising across hay fever portfolio January 19 2017 Turnover was £40.4mln in the six months to December ‘More of the same, please’: MaxCyte set for another year of “strong growth” January 24 2017 The US-based, London-listed healthcare group topped expectations with its latest results and analysts are tipping it for more success this year Cash influx will help Redx develop promising pre-clinical drug candidates February 10 2017 It has already got £7.2mln of the £14.9mln it is looking to raise, which will help fund the development of two promising cancer drug candidates: RXC004 and RXC005 RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in AstraZeneca View full company profile AstraZeneca is one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies, with a broad range of medicines designed to fight disease. AstraZeneca has over 67,000 empolyees and operates in over 100 countries with growing presence in important emerging markets. AstraZeneca is one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies, with a broad range of medicines designed to fight disease. AstraZeneca has over 67,000 empolyees and operates in over 100 countries with growing presence in important emerging markets. Hide text Market: LSE EPIC: AZN Market Cap: 65,756.00M Latest Price: 5,194.00p  (0.35% ) 52-week H/L: 5,505.00p / 3,680.00p Sector: Pharma & Biotech AstraZeneca 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Related Video Is oil heading to US$41? - Tip TV May 05 2017 See more related videos AstraZeneca RNS announcements 2017-05-12 IMFINZI SIGNIFICANT PFS - UNRESECTABLE LUNG CANCER2017-05-10 AZ updates on tralokinumab trial in severe asthma2017-05-02 Total Voting Rights2017-05-02 DURVALUMAB RECEIVES US FDA ACCELERATED APPROVAL2017-04-27 Result of AGM2017-04-27 AstraZeneca: Q1 2017 Results2017-04-25 TAGRISSO RECEIVES FULL APPROVAL IN THE EU2017-04-03 Total Voting Rights2017-03-28 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-03-27 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-03-17 US FDA issues CRL for ZS-9 in hyperkalaemia2017-03-16 Notice of AGM2017-03-15 LYNPARZA PFS IN BRCA OVARIAN MAINTENANCE THERAPY2017-03-08 Filing of Form 20-F with SEC2017-03-07 Annual Financial Report2017-03-06 Directorate Change2017-03-03 ALLIANCE WITH SANOFI PASTEUR FOR MEDI88972017-03-01 Total Voting Rights2017-02-28 FDA approves once-daily Qtern for type-2 diabetes2017-02-24 CHMP positive opinion for ZS-9 in hyperkalaemia View all announcements Proactive Investors Recommended Allergy Therapeutics' revenues rising across hay fever portfolio M Pharmaceutical piecing together the jigsaw of success Admedus Ltd to drive growth with market expansion of CardioCel® sales International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Living All Living Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Health Sex Fashion and Beauty Food Mystic Meg Puzzles RETURN OF KILLER VIRUS World Health Organisation confirms second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo Three people have died out of 19 suspected and confirmed cases, health officials said By Lizzie Parry, Digital Health Editor 15th May 2017, 10:05 am Updated: 15th May 2017, 1:56 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments A SECOND case of the deadly Ebola virus has been confirmed in Democratic Republic of Congo, the World Health Organisation said. One man has died from the disease, while two other people who came into contact with him have also died, though tests have yet to confirm their cause of death. 4 The World Health Organisation has confirmed two cases of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo, one of whom has died EPA 4 The outbreak comes just a year after the deadliest outbreak in history was declared over. Pictured, a Liberian health worker in a burial squad in Monrovia, in October 2014 So far health officials are investigating 17 suspected cases of the virus following an outbreak last week. They are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote north eastern province of Bas-Uele, which is near the border with Central African Republic. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases, WHO’s Congo spokesman Eugene Kabambi said. The first confirmed case was reported on April 22 in a 45-year-old man. The WHO said he was transported by taxi to hospital and was declared dead on arrival. The driver also fell ill and later died. A third person who cared for the first case also became ill and has subsequently died. However, to date only the first death has been confirmed as linked to Ebola.   MOST READ IN HEALTH NEED TO KNOW Do you know what the signs of a brain aneurysm are? Here are the symptoms and causes CAUGHT IN A TRAP Men addicted to porn 'at risk of erectile dysfunction because their sexual tolerance is higher' THINGS ARE LOOKING UP New penis WIPES 'treat premature ejaculation - helping a guy last five minutes longer' SCANXIETY Mums-to-be are splashing out millions of pounds on unnecessary antenatal scans during pregnancy, study finds NO NEED TO OVARY-ACT There are apparently five different types of vagina... so which do YOU have? WHATSAPP DOC NHS doctors send patient details over WhatsApp as health service goes into meltdown after cyber-attack DON'T IGNORE THE SIGNS Agonising womb condition that affects two million could 'trigger cancer' SALT OF A SHOCK Eating more salt could cause you to LOSE weight, shock new study claims 'I WANT TO LIVE A NORMAL LIFE' Young mum faces life-changing op to remove giant eye tumour - that's been growing for 28 YEARS SNEEZE MISERY 'Super pollen' and thunder fever to hit UK as hay fever and asthma sufferers are given health warning not very tinder Men who use explicit language on dating apps 'MORE likely to be sex predators,' experts warn STI SIGNS Is your vaginal discharge normal? Experts reveal the signs that mean something's not right down there DEADLY DRUG How a strong painkiller used to treat cancer sufferers has caused a wave of addicts in the US WOMB WORRIES Two million women in the UK are affected by endometriosis, here's all you need to know about the condition Sex Secrets Prostitute who earns £2,000 a week reveals the average penis size ... and how much she enjoys work WHEY TO GO Breast milk CURES cancer, scientists claim as they reveal it contains tumour-busting substances that kill off deadly cells EAU DEAR Fizzy water could make you FAT, reveal scientists...and you could be better off drinking ‘flat’ sugary drinks DIESEL DEATHS Diesel vehicles killing 38,000 Brits a year as fault in emissions tests revealed DUD DRUG? Aspirin DOESN'T reduce the risk of stroke and increases risk of internal bleeding, experts warn The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. The latest marks the eighth outbreak in the country, since the virus was first discovered in 1976 in the nation, then called Zaire. The virus was detected in regions close to the River Ebola, which gave the disease its name.   AP:Associated Press 4 The Ebola virus is highly contagious and is passed through contact with bodily fluids Congo has mostly succeeded in containing past outbreaks without large-scale loss of life. The most recent, which coincided with the historic 2013-15 West African outbreak, saw 66 cases reported, including 49 deaths. It is not yet known how Patient Zero contracted the disease, but past outbreaks have been linked to contact with infected bush meat such as apes, as well as bats. The outbreak could test a new experimental Ebola vaccine, that health experts hope could prevent a pandemic, like that seen sweeping West Africa from December 2013 to 2015. EPA 4 The West African outbreak that swept through Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia from 2013 to 2015 claimed more than 11,000 lives The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck (MRK.N) could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak. They added teams are ready to support the Congo government on the matter. The virus is highly contagious and as a result can spread quickly between victims. It is fatal in around 90 per cent of cases, and during the West African outbreak mortality varied between 25 per cent and 90 per cent. The virus has an incubation period of two to 21 days, meaning symptoms can take up to three weeks to appear. EBOLA: A HIGHLY CONTAGIOUS AND DEADLY VIRUS The EBOLA virus, also known as Ebola haemorrhagic fever, is a disease that occurs in humans and primates. The virus is part of the Filoviridae family, which also includes Marburg virus. To date, scientists have identified five strains of Ebola – four of which are known to cause disease in humans. The epidemic which swept West Africa from 2013 to 2015 left thousands dead. Ebola was first identified by a team of scientists in The Democratic Republic of the Congo in 1976. Prior to the 2014 outbreak in Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia, the mortality rate of the Ebola virus had been between 25% and 89%– with an average of 67%. During the West African outbreak mortality varied between 25% to 90%. The virus has an incubation period of two to 21 days, meaning symptoms can take up to three weeks to appear from the time of infection. The Sun Topics Ebola Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular JOB CENTRE FAIL EastEnders fans' voice their disappointment at 'unrealistic' Job Centre scenes as Denise Fox signs on TV & Showbiz MONSTER BRADY JOINS MYRA IN HELL Moors murderer Ian Brady who killed five kids dies at 79 after 'losing battle with cancer' - and took secret of where he buried Keith Bennett, 12, to the grave News Exclusive RHIAN'S SNAP HACK Former Page 3 stunner Rhian Sugden has naked photos hacked and posted online TV & Showbiz Saturday Morning Takeaway Ant and Dec confirm SMTV Live will return next summer on ITV… 20 years after it first aired TV & Showbiz SK8ER RIP? Avril Lavigne 'dead' conspiracy theory re-emerges as fans continue to claim she 'died in 2003' TV & Showbiz NAKED AMBITION Welcome to the Bufftas... our awards for the biggest stars who bared all for nude TV scenes this year Living STICKING OUT Bizarre new trend sees naked women wearing nothing but DUCT TAPE to go clubbing Living VAMP IT UP Kim Kardashian reveals enviable cleavage while sister Khloe displays tiny waist in skintight black outfits TV & Showbiz SLIM FAST Holly Hagan shows off her TINY waist after intense two week exercise regime at 'fight club' in Thailand TV & Showbiz Exclusive FOOT LOOSE AND FANCY FRIEL Anna Friel, 40, stuns guests at Bafta after-party as she gropes Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 17 years her junior TV & Showbiz Revealed Mystery no more Gemma Collins' 'new mystery man' is actually Harry Derbidge's ex-boyfriend TV & Showbiz Feeling Blue Antonio Conte's wife reduced to tears after Chelsea fans serenade the Italian manager following Blues title success Football TAT'S AN ORDER Thailand threatens to SUE Facebook after clip of heavily-tattooed King wearing a crop top in a shopping centre goes viral News CHILLING CHALLENGE What is the Blue Whale suicide challenge and what is Instagram doing to stop it? News dear deidre I've been sleeping around ever since my long-term boyfriend dumped me Living Just Published WHATSAPP DOC NHS doctors send patient details over WhatsApp as health service goes into meltdown after cyber-attack Living MYSTIC MEG May 16: As Mercury begins a 21-day stay in your sign, you become the zodiac’s best communicator Living Competition Simply the breast Meet Jasmine, the 32D winner of Bust In Britain who took home trophy the 'ultimate combination of fullness, proportion and pertness' Competitions ONE TRICK PONY Meet Vitalii Sediuk... Eurovision flasher and Kim Kardashian prankster Living PHWOAR, WHAT A SCORCHER! We reveal how you can sex up your summer and make your love life sizzle as the weather heats up Living MUST-HAVE GADGET Fidget spinners are already banned in some schools but what are they and are they dangerous? Living HIDDEN IN THE WILD Incredible photos capture camouflaged animals hiding in their natural environment - can you spot them? Living FROCK SHOCK Teens share hilarious photos of their prom dress shopping fails that look NOTHING like they did online Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Travel Vaccines Market 2017 by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast To 2021 The Global Travel Vaccines Market to GROW at a CAGR of 6.83% during the period 2016-2020. The Travel Vaccines Market Report Forecast 2017-2021 is a valuable source of understanding data for business strategies. Global Travel Vaccines Market overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The Research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Travel Vaccines industry provides comprehensive data which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Get a PDF Sample of Travel Vaccines Market Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10448895   As the world continues to move toward globalization, the international travels will keep increasing. This fuels the demand for travel vaccines as the prevalence of infectious diseases are specifically region prone, unlike that of other indications. As vaccines are largely used as a preventive measure against these known infectious diseases, the travelers are advised to follow the region-specific immunization plan. The vendor competition is based on Cost, Product Quality, Reliability, and aftermarket service. Moreover, it is imperative for the vendors to offer cost-effective and high-quality alternative sources of energy generation to sustain and succeed in the aviation industry. And Key vendors in the market are: GlaxoSmithKline, Merck, Pfizer, Sanofi, and more… Complete Report of Travel Vaccines Market Research available at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-travel-vaccines-market-2016-2020-10448895 Global Travel Vaccines Market Report provides segmentation by Market Driver (Growing demand among travelers), Market Challenge (Requires specific storage and distribution system) and analysis of the Travel Vaccines Market Trends (Combination vaccines, Increase in R&D activities, Public–private initiatives) Major Points covered in the Travel Vaccines Market Report: The Travel Vaccines Market size and the growth rate be in 2021, The key factors driving the Travel Vaccines Market, The key market trends impacting the growth of the Travel Vaccines market, The challenges to Market Growth, The market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors, Trending factors influencing the Travel Vaccines market, The key outcomes of the five forces analysis of the Travel Vaccines Market Purchase a copy of Report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10448895    Geographical Segmentation of Travel Vaccines Market: The Travel Vaccines Market Report also presents the vendor landscape and a corresponding detailed analysis of the major vendors operating in the market. Travel Vaccines report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, and market demand and supply scenarios. Travel Vaccines Market report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Industry. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Travel Vaccines Market before evaluating its feasibility. And continued…. Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10448895 Contact: Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email: sales@absolutereports.com  CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Video Management Software (VMS) Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Automotive Brake Fluid Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market Value to Increase to US$ 2,655.9 Million by 2024 According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research, titled “Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market: Industry Analysis and Forecast  (2016–2024)”, revenue from the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period 2016 – 2024. In the report, the Asia-Pacific alopecia treatment market is analyzed on the basis of, type of alopecia, treatment type, and end user. On the basis of the type of alopecia, the overall market has been segmented into alopecia areata, alopecia totalis, and alopecia universalis. Topical drugs (creams, oils, lotions, gels, shampoos, and foam), oral drugs, injectable (platelet rich plasma therapy, steroid, and injectable fillers), hair transplant services and low-level laser therapy form the basis of treatment type. By end user segment, the market has been segmented into hospitals, dermatology and trichology clinics, home care settings, and aesthetic clinics. In the overall market, oral solid dosage formulations are expected to witness increased acceptance owing to ease of consumption by patients in Asia Pacific. Accordingly, oral drugs segment is anticipated to witness an increase in value from US$ 556.6 Mn in 2016 to US$ 1,005.1 Mn by the end of 2024. Rising global demand for effective hair loss treatment medications especially oral drugs is the prime driver of the market. Oral hair loss treatment drugs are gaining popularity as they help in maintaining patient-safety through reduced number of medicine dosages, but with increased drug efficacy. However, changing lifestyle along with the increase in stress level among working class population, cosmeceutical drug manufacturers focusing on expanding their hair treatment and scalp treatment product line, and cytokine therapy gaining momentum for alopecia treatment are other factors that expected to fuel the market growth for alopecia treatment market over the forecast period. Patent expiry of major blockbuster drugs resulting in market exclusivity for some brands and various side effects associated with the hair loss treatments is expected to hamper the overall market growth. Some of the side effects such as allergies, depression, and chances of permanent sexual dysfunctions. Other market deterrents include the limited efficacy of the hair loss treatment drugs and lack of reimbursement facilities for hair loss treatments services, such as laser treatments. Based on countries, the market has been divided into China, Japan, Australia & New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore, India, Vietnam, Philippines and Rest of Asia-Pacific. Developed pharmaceuticals markets such as the China and Japan are expected to emerge as the main sourcing markets. This report assesses trends by type of alopecia, treatment type, end user, and countries; to offer analytical insights about the potential demand emerging for particular alopecia treatments in specific regions. China is estimated to dominate the alopecia treatment market accounting for maximum revenue share of the overall market by end of 2016. By 2024 end, China and Japan markets are expected to account for over three-fifth share of the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market revenue. In terms of market share by value, China is estimated to retain its dominant position, registering a CAGR of 7.1% over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11077 Some key companies covered in this report include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Cipla Ltd., Cellmid Ltd., The Himalaya Drug Company, Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd, Shiseido Co., Ltd., and Zhangguang 101 Science & Technology Co., Ltd. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and the introduction of innovative and cost-effective advanced manufacturing procedures in order to gain higher market share and to strengthen their respective positions in the Asia Pacific market. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/11077 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsAlopecia Treatment, Alopecia Treatment Market, Asia Pacific, Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Protein a resins Industry Market Share, Size, Forecast and Trends by 2021 Next PostNext Pentazocine Market Top Manufacturers, Market Driving Factors and Key vendors forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Golden Arrow Files Technical Report to Support Pre-Feasibility Study for the Chinchillas Project Joint Venture With Silver Standard NexgenRx Announces Q1 2017 Results Timberline Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Stabilizer Joints Market: Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 – 2026 Automotive Lighting Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Human Microbiome Global Market by Technique & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Human Microbiome Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 15, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Human Microbiome Market is accounted for $130.23 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. For more information http://www.reportsweb.com/human-microbiome-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. Applications Covered: - Diagnostics - Therapeutics Diseases Covered: - Cancer - Acute Diarrhea - Diabetes - Mental Disorders - Autoimmune Disorders - Obesity - Other Diseases Products Covered: - Foods - Drugs - Probiotics - Diagnostic Devices - Prebiotics - Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products - Other Probiotics Supplements Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt 10 Company Profiling 10.1 Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 10.2 E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company 10.3 ViThera Pharmaceuticals 10.4 Metabiomics Corp. 10.5 ActoGeniX 10.6 Optibiotix Health Plc 10.7 Vedanta Biosciences, Inc. 10.8 MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC 10.9 Second Genome, Inc. 10.10 ENTEROME Bioscience 10.11 Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd. 10.12 Osel, Inc. 10.13 AvidBiotics 10.14 Rebiotix Inc., 10.15 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.16 Seres Therapeutics Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564976/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market Rising at 7.07% CAGR During 2017-2021: Analysis of Key Players, Trends, Drivers, & Challenges Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market is Projected to grow at 7.07% CAGR during the period 2017-2021. Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Industry research report also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. The Research report analysts forecast the global benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 7.07% during the period 2017-2021. About Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Urology is a branch of medicine that deals with the health of the urinary tract and reproductive tract in men and women. Urologic diseases or conditions include infection in the urinary tract, bladder control problems, kidney stones and prostate problems, among others. The prostate gland surrounds the urethra, the tube that carries urine from the bladder out of the body. Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) is an enlarged prostate, which increases the size of the prostate gland. As the prostate gets enlarged, it may squeeze or partly block the urethra, resulting in significantly blocking urine flow. BPH is normal in the aging process of a male, caused by changes in hormone balance and cell-growth. Request a Sample Copy of Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/54058/?utm_source=SPR-SP Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global benign prostatic hyperplasia drugs market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Research report, Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Enquire about this report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/54058/?utm_source=SPR-SP Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market Key vendors: Astellas Pharma, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi. Other prominent vendors: ADC Therapeutics, Advaxis, Agennix, ANI Pharmaceuticals, Bayer HealthCare, BHR Pharma, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Boehringer Ingelheim, Dendreon (Valeant Pharmaceuticals), Eisai, Endo Pharmaceuticals, Ferring, Foresee Pharmaceuticals, Io Therapeutics, LIDDS, Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Merck, Novartis, Nymox Pharmaceutical, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Urologix. Market driver: Growing geriatric male population. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge: Availability of minimally invasive surgery as a drug replacement. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend: Advancements in early-stage diagnosis through new diagnostic methods. For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key of Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market trends? What is driving this Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market? What are the challenges to Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market growth? Who are the key vendors in this Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? For more information about Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/global-benign-prostatic-hyperplasia-bph-drugs-market Related Reports: – 2017-2022 Global Top Countries Dermatoscope Market Report This report studies Dermatoscope in Global market, especially in United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top Manufacturers in each country, covering https://marketsizeforecasters.com/2017-2022-global-top-countries-dermatoscope-market/?utm_source=RR-SP About Us: MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Contact Us: Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: https://marketsizeforecasters.com/news Connect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsb2b, Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Industry, Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market, Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market Analysis, Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market Growth, Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market Share, Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market Trends, Diseases & Therapeutic Areas, Global Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH) Drugs Market Size, Healthcare, Industrial products, Industry, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Market Research Report on Global Veterinary Diagnostic Imaging Industry Next PostNext South Africa Corrosion Protective Coatings and Acid Proof Lining Market Will hit at a CAGR 5.9% from 2026 Search Recent Posts Samenvatting: Arabia CSR Network boekt succes met eerste opleidingen voor duurzaamheidsrapportage volgens internationale standaard in Midden-Oosten Xero director sells down stake to raise funds for charity The Comfy Traveler offers complete details about the best travel gear to enjoy comfortable travel Authority Positioning Strategist, Mike Saunders, President of Marketing Huddle, Announces Article Series on Forbes Teaching How to Build an Authority Positioning Portfolio Billy Hayes and Showtime Baseball Continue Proven Track Record of Developing The “Complete Player” With Program 15 and the Future Stars Series RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Companion Animal Drug Market Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during 2015 to 2025 Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers key insights on the global companion animals drug market in its upcoming outlook titled, “Companion Animals Drug Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2015 – 2025”. In terms of revenue, the global companion animal drug market is projected to register a healthy CAGR of 4.9% over the forecast period owing to various factors, which FMI analysis highlights and offers detailed insights and forecasts. The market is segmented based on product type, distribution channels and regions. The overall market has been segmented broadly into eight product types such as antibiotics, anti-inflammatory drugs, parasiticides (further sub-divided into ecto-parasiticides and endo-parasiticides), heartworm drugs, nutritional, behavioural and skincare drugs and vaccines. Parasiticides more frequently applied as a cure for flea and tick infestations, are estimated to account for maximum revenue share by product type in the global companion animal drug market by 2015 end. The parasiticide drug segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.6% in terms of value during the forecast period. Other popular drugs used in companion animals include heartworm medicines and vaccines. The vaccines segment is expected to reach market value of US$ 1,760.4 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of ~3% over the forecast period. Request For Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1077 To provide deeper insight into drug dispensing and distribution channels, the report has also been segmented by distribution channels such as veterinary hospitals, veterinary clinics and pharmacies and drug stores. It has been observed and validated that pet owners globally prefer consulting veterinary doctors at hospitals and clinics and administering prescription drugs to their small companion pets. However, a new trend of referring to the Internet to find out disease pathogenesis and buying over-the-counter (OTC) drugs from retail pharmacies and drug stores has been fast picking up. The primary trend in the companion animal drug market is an increase in pet adoption and humanization of pets globally. Other driving forces include increasing urbanization and growing affluence in emerging economies, increasing R&D for faster launch of first-in-line drugs, extension of patent approvals on formularies and growing demand for compounded medicines, as they are easily affordable and accessible. Factors restraining market growth include rising costs for R&D and lack of scope for innovation due to matured product portfolios. Send An Enquiry@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1077 This report assesses trends driving growth of each segment on global as well as regional levels, and offers potential strategic recommendations that could prove useful to drug makers planning to penetrate or enter the market. North America is estimated to dominate the companion animals drug market with maximum market share by end of 2015. North America and Western Europe are collectively expected to account for close to 50% of the total companion animals drug market share in terms of value by end of 2015. Among emerging markets, Latin America is estimated to witness highest CAGR of 6.0% over the forecast period, followed by Asia Pacific excluding Japan, due to increasing pet adoption and rise in geriatric population. Some key players identified in the global companion animal drug market report include Zoetis Inc., Elanco (Eli Lilly), Merck Animal Health, Bayer Animal Healthcare, Merial (Sanofi), Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac Animal Health and Ceva Santé Animale. We have discussed individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing drug portfolios, market consolidation and drug innovation pipelines. The report has been concluded with strategic recommendations for players already present in the market and also new players planning to enter the market, which could help them in the long run. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Press: press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Precision Agriculture Market Analysis and Forecast 2025 by Technology (Variable Rate Technology, Remote sensing, Guidance Systems) Next PostNext India Gin Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.8% Through 2025 Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Electrochromic Glass Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar ENT Disorder Treatment Market Rising at 2.17% CAGR To 2021 The ENT Disorder Treatment Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state also focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. About ENT Disorder Treatment market ENT also known as otolaryngology, is an area of medicine that deals with disorders of ear, nose, and throat. Dysfunction of these body parts can affect quality of life and in certain cases may even lead to medical emergency. The market encompasses drugs that are used for the treatment of the ENT disorder. It mainly considers the various drug class used for the treatment of numerous symptoms of the disease. The major ENT disorders included in the report are rhinitis, sinusitis, otitis media, and tonsillitis. Research analysts forecast the global ENT Disorder Treatment market to grow at a CAGR of 2.17% during the period 2017-2021. Request a sample copy of ENT Disorder Treatment market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/54048/?utm_source=sat-SK Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global ENT disorder treatment market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales from both branded and generic drugs. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas, APAC, EMEA Research report, Global ENT Disorder Treatment Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Enquire about this report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/54048 Key vendors ALK, GSK, Novartis, Sanofi Other prominent vendors Allergan, AstraZeneca, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Lupin, Merck, Mylan, Otonomy, Pfizer, Sun Pharma, Teva Pharmaceuticals Market driver Deteriorating environmental conditions. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Growing cases of anti-bacterial resistance. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Growing consolidation in industry particularly for rhinitis. For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Find out more @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/global-ent-disorder-treatment-market Related Reports: – 2017 Top 5 Dermatoscope Manufacturers in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa This report studies Dermatoscope in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Dermatoscope Players in each region, w… https://marketsizeforecasters.com/2017-top-5-dermatoscope-manufacturers-in-north-america-europe-asia-pacific-south-america-middle-east-and-africa/?utm_source=RR-SK About Us: MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Contact Us: Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: https://marketsizeforecasters.com/news Connect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsENT Disorder Treatment, ENT Disorder Treatment market, ENT Disorder Treatment market Forecast, ENT Disorder Treatment market Industry, ENT Disorder Treatment market Industry Size, ENT Disorder Treatment market Size, Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Woody Biomass Boiler Market to 2021: Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis and Forecasts Next PostNext Life Insurance in US Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Obesity Surgery Devices Market is Expected to Expand US$ 2,489.5 Million by 2020 Indre værdi af SmallCap Danmark A/S er opgjort til 84,3 kr. pr. aktie WIFI Chipsets Market: 2017 Global Trend and 2022 Forecast Research Report Cyclododecanone Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 Global Orthopedic Trauma Devices Market to Reach a Valuation of US$ 9.4 Billion by 2020 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai At least one dead in new Ebola outbreak in Congo By Aaron Ross Reuters May 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Aaron Ross KINSHASA (Reuters) - At least one person has died from the Ebola virus in Democratic Republic of Congo, the Health Ministry and the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Friday, signaling a new outbreak of the disease which killed thousands in West Africa. The case was confirmed from tests on nine people who came down with a hemorrhagic fever in Bas-Uele province in the northeast of the country on or after April 22, a ministry statement said. Three people have died of fever. Other samples are still being tested, and six people remain hospitalised. "Our country must confront an outbreak of the Ebola virus that constitutes a public health crisis of international significance," the ministry said. An investigation team led by the ministry of health with WHO support was expected to reach the scene of the outbreak in the coming days, the WHO said. The ministry said it should arrive on Saturday. "It is in a very remote zone, very forested, so we are a little lucky. We always take this very seriously," the WHO's Congo spokesman, Eugene Kabambi, said. This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. That experience helped Congolese authorities respond effectively to an outbreak in 2014 that killed 49 people. At the same time, a separate outbreak killed more than 11,300 people and infected some 28,600 as it swept through Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and caused alarm around the world. In June last year, WHO declared Liberia free of active Ebola virus transmission. Liberia was the last country still fighting the world's worst outbreak of the disease. "Our country is full of people well-trained in this matter and our health professionals also helped contain similar epidemics in other countries," the health ministry said in its statement. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government's efforts to bring the epidemic under control. Under an agreement between GAVI and Merck, the developer of an Ebola vaccine known as rVSV-ZEBOV, it said up to 300,000 doses of the shot would be available in case of an outbreak. "The WHO and others will determine if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted," it said in a statement. "There are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic," said GAVI's chief executive Seth Berkley. "The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable." (Additional reporting by Kate Kelland in London, Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Joe Bavier; Editing by Ralph Boulton and Andrew Heavens) Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Capitol Hill reacts to report that Trump shared classified intelligence 2049 reactions3%61%36% Memorials, used cars, slums & more — it happened today: May 15 in pictures 15 reactions0%88%12% GOP Senator: White House In A 'Downward Spiral' 1594 reactions4%61%35% As a millionaire, I am begging millennials to stop doing these things with their money 293 reactions4%64%32% Trump speaks at the National Peace Officers’ Memorial 274 reactions5%65%30% White House calls Wash Post report that Trump gave classified info to the Russians 'as reported, false' 141 reactions3%65%32% Washington Post Report Fuels Chaos in White House 5 reactions0%33%67% Outraged Sean Hannity Wants White House To Seize More Control Over Media 350 reactions6%60%34% Antonio Sabàto Jr. Divorcing Wife Amid Drug Abuse Allegations 236 reactions8%68%24% Laid-Off ESPN Anchor Shares Poignant Story of On-Air Miscarriage 753 reactions8%68%24% Beautiful Milky Way captured over iconic Dorset landmarks 54 reactions15%73%12% Washington Post reports Trump shared highly classified information with the Russians 68 reactions4%66%30% White House Defends Trump After Leak Bombshell 14 reactions0%50%50% Antonio Cromartie's wife says she's pregnant with his 14th child 1619 reactions4%79%17% Miss USA Says Health Care Is a Privilege, Not a Right — and People Are Mad 7882 reactions10%65%25% Osama bin Laden's son vows revenge on the west for killing his father 3928 reactions3%74%23% Capitol Hill reacts to report that Trump shared classified intelligence Ghetto Blaster: Do all the people that thought Hillary should hang for treason because she had some classified intelligence on her private server now believe that Trump should hang for treason for revealing classified info to the Russians? Just curious.... Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Psoriasis Treatment Market Offering High-growth Opportunities for Market Players Global Psoriasis Treatment Market: Snapshot The alarming rise in the number of psoriasis patients is having the most prominent impact on the global market for psoriasis treatment. With the increasing FDA approval for novel drugs and therapies for psoriasis treatment, the market is likely to surge remarkably over the next few years. Apart from this, the presence of a strong product pipeline and the growing awareness regarding psoriasis and its treatment among people in emerging economies are also projected to propel this market in the near future. According to Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global market for psoriasis treatment offered an opportunity worth US$7.8 bn in 2015. Researchers estimate this market to rise at a CAGR of 5.10% between 2016 and 2024 and reach US$12.1 bn by 2024. Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/psoriasis-treatment-ma… TNF Inhibitors Report Higher Demand TNF Inhibitors, interleukin blockers, and vitamin D analogues or combination have emerged as the key products available in the worldwide market for psoriasis treatment. Driven by superior efficiency and safety, TNF inhibitors are reporting a higher demand than other products in this market. By 2024, the segment is expected to remain on top with an estimated share of more than 47% in the overall market. However, the introduction of biosimilars may limit this demand to some extent in the years to come. Interleukin blockers, on the flip side, is projected to present a lucrative growth opportunity to market players over the coming years due to their augmenting usage and their ability to act selectively by targeting the proteins. Increasing Pool of Psoriasis Patients to Ensure North America’s Dominance On the basis of geography, Latin America, North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Asia Pacific are considered as the prime regional market for psoriasis treatment. North America has surfaced as the key contributor to this market and is likely to retain this position in the near future. The remarkable rise in the patient pool suffering from psoriasis is projected to boost this regional market over the coming years. The presence of well-established drugmakers is also expected to have positive influence on the North America market for psoriasis treatment in the years to come. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Europe, although currently having a strong position in the overall market, is likely to experience a decline in the demand psoriasis treatment, following an intense competition from biosimilars over the next few years. Latin America and Asia Pacific, on the other hand, are anticipated to witness a significant rise in their respective markets over the next few years. The increasing awareness regarding psoriasis and its treatment among people in emerging economies, such as China and India, through various government and NGO campaigns is projected to stimulate the Asia Pacific market for psoriasis treatment considerably in the near future. Biogen, LEO Pharma A/S, AbbVie Inc., AstraZeneca, Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co. Inc., Novartis AG, Eli Lilly & Co., and Amgen Inc. are some of the prominent players in the global market for psoriasis treatment. About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mass Spectrometer Market is Expected to Witness Highest Growth During 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext Global 3D Reconstruction From Multiple Images Market Analysis and Industry Research Report to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Clinical Trial Management System Market is Estimated to be Valued at US$ 1,848.5 Million by 2019 North America Automatic Tire Inflation System Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 Geocells Market to expand at a CAGR of 8.8% through 2015-2025 North America Animal Growth Promoter Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 Alexco Announces Increase to Previously Announced Bought Deal Flow Through Equity Financing to C$7 Million RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Canadian News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Gainers & Losers Of May 15: CBMG, ETRM, ALNY, EGRX, ONCS... 5/15/2017 11:06 PM ET The following are some of the biotech stocks that made their way onto the Day's Gainers & Losers' list of May 15, 2017. GAINERS 1. Cellular Biomedicine Group Inc. (CBMG) Gained 62.26% to close Monday's (May 15) trading at $8.60. News: The Company has added a second clinical trial site for its phase I clinical trial of C-CAR011 in patients with refractory Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma, dubbed CARD-1. Initially designed as a single site trial, CARD-1 is being conducted at Jiangsu Provincial People's Hospital in Nanjing China. The second site where the trial will be conducted is Shanghai Tongji Hospital. C-CAR011 is Cellular Biomedicine's proprietary anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor T-cell (CAR-T) construct that is entirely engineered and manufactured in the Company's own GMP manufacturing facility in China. The Company noted that it is evaluating new interests in expanding its clinical development and CAR-T partnerships with leading hospitals in major cities in China. The new trial will benefit patients in Shanghai and provide incremental data in safety and tolerability of C-CAR011 in more chemorefractory and aggressive DLBCL patients, according to Cellular Biomedicine. 2. EnteroMedics Inc. (ETRM) Gained 31.18% to close Monday's trading at $6.10. News: The Company reported Q1, 2017 financial results. Net loss for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017 narrowed to $7.36 million or $1.27 per share from $7.41 million or $66.14 per share in the year-ago quarter. Revenue generated from sales of obesity therapy vBloc dropped to $40 thousand in Q1, 2017 from $72 thousand in the year-ago quarter. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected the Company to incur a loss of $0.63 per share on revenue of $200 thousand. Operating expenses declined to $7.05 million in the first quarter of 2017 from $7.57 million in the first quarter of 2016. The Company will host a conference call on Tuesday, May 16, 2017 at 8:30 AM Eastern Time to discuss the Q1 results and to provide an update on the commercialization of vBloc Neurometabolic Therapy. 3. Ekso Bionics Holdings Inc. (EKSO) Gained 19.63% to close Monday's trading at $1.95. News: An interview with Thomas Looby, President and CEO of Ekso Bionics was aired on CNBC. Ekso Bionics is a pioneer in the field of robotic exoskeletons. During the interview, the CEO provided an update on the stroke rehabilitation market. Thomas Looby said, "In the area of stroke rehabilitation, there is a need to ignite patient neuroplasticity through repetitive motion and the Ekso GT technology is ideally positioned to meet that demand." 4. Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ALNY) Gained 16.26% to close Monday's trading at $66.00. News: No news Near-term catalysts: -- A pivotal phase III program of Fitusiran in severe haemophilia A and B, dubbed ATLAS, is expected to be initiated early this year. -- Top-line data from a phase III study of Patisiran in patients with hereditary ATTR amyloidosis with polyneuropathy, dubbed APOLLO, are expected to be reported in mid-2017. 5. BiondVax Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (BVXV) Gained 15.07% to close Monday's trading at $8.40. News: No news Near-term catalyst: -- Immunogenicity results from the Company's European Phase 2b clinical trial of universal flu vaccine candidate M-001 are expected by the end of Q2 2017. The company reported positive preliminary safety results from the trial last November. 6. RA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (RARX) Gained 14.87% to close Monday's trading at $26.50. News: No news The Company's lead compound is RA101495, currently under phase II program in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria, or PNH. The phase II program consists of two studies - one conducted outside the U.S. and one conducted in the U.S. Near-term catalyst: -- Initial data from the two phase II studies of RA101495 in PNH are expected in mid-year 2017 and additional results at year-end. -- A phase II trial of RA101495 in myasthenia gravis and a phase IB trial in lupus nephritis are expected to be initiated in the second half of 2017. 7. Ignyta Inc. (RXDX) Gained 12.78% to close Monday's trading at $7.50. News: The Company's lead compound Entrectinib has been granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for the treatment of NTRK fusion-positive, locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors in adult and pediatric patients who have either progressed following prior therapies or who have no acceptable standard therapies. Entrectinib is under development for solid tumors. Near-term catalysts: A phase II clinical trial of Entrectinib in cancer patients with "fusions" of NTRK1, NTRK2, NTRK3, ROS1, and ALK genes, dubbed STARTRK-2, is ongoing. -- Complete TRK and ROS1 enrollment of STARTRK-2 in 3Q17 -- Announce top-line NDA registration-enabling data (after consultation with FDA) in the first half of 2018. 8. ImmunoGen Inc. (IMGN) Gained 11.22% to close Monday's trading at $4.56. News: No news Near-term catalysts: -- Initial data from phase 1b/2 trial of Mirvetuximab soravtansine in combination with Avastin, carboplatin, Doxil or Keytruda in ovarian cancer, dubbed FORWARD II, are expected in Q2, 2017. -- Pooled data from over 100 ovarian cancer patients treated in multiple Mirvetuximab soravtansine phase 1 cohorts and data from phase I steroid eye drop expansion cohort are anticipated in Q2, 2017. -- Initial phase I data for IMGN779 for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia are expected in mid-2017. LOSERS 1. Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc. (EGRX) Lost 13.60% to close Monday's trading at $82.30. News: The Company has appointed Pete Meyers as its Chief Financial Officer, replacing David Riggs. Riggs served as CFO of Eagle Pharma since 2013, and was instrumental in the Company's IPO. The Company held its IPO on February 12, 2014, offering its shares at a price of $15 each. 2. OncoSec Medical Inc. (ONCS) Lost 9.82% to close Monday's trading at $1.01. News: No news Recent event: On May 10, OncoSec entered into a clinical trial collaboration and supply agreement with Merck (MRK) to evaluate the combination of OncoSec's ImmuoPulse IL-12 with Merck's anti-PD-1 therapy KEYTRUDA in a Phase II clinical trial, referred to as PISCES. As per the agreement terms, OncoSec will sponsor and fund the study and Merck will provide KEYTRUDA. Additional details of the collaboration were not disclosed. Near-term catalyst: -- The Company will host its fiscal third quarter 2017 financial results conference call on Thursday, June 1 at 1:15 PM PT/4:15 PM ET. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The 10 Worst Countries in the World For Health Care africa asia health care medice hospital Music City Miracle: The 10 Hottest U.S. Housing Markets May Surprise You The 10 Most Beloved Credit Cards, Ranked by Wallethub Next Story Canadian News AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls Riding High: Hortonworks Inc. AZN's PACIFIC Proves To Have Depth, ARDX Abuzz, No Flashy Data From ALLSTAR Company Spotlight: Immunomedics AKTX Falls To Disgrace, CATB Awaits Data In Q3, CORI Surges On Trial Data Gainers & Losers Of May 11: SGMO, RNN, XON, MNKD, NVCN... Smile Not, If You Want To Look Younger FDA Nod For MRK's Keytruda, SGMO Soars On Gene Therapy Deal, OMER Catches Eyes Gainers & Losers Of May 10: CUR, TEAR, PRTO, CXRX, DERM... Cannabis Can Reverse Memory Loss, Improve Cognitive Skills, Says Study ARRY Hits Trial Goals, DEPO Falls On Q1 Results, SAGE Awaits Data In Q3 Gainers & Losers Of May 9: VRX, ENDP, PTLA, SCYX, NXTM... FDA Snubs TXMD, AGRX To Try Luck Again, CYTK Abuzz, ROKA Surges After-Hours 13 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. Q1 Earnings Report Alnylam Pharmaceuticals To Present At Needham Conference; Webcast At 11:20 AM ET Trade ALNY now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Chick-Fil-A Serves Up First BBQ Sandwich JetBlue Boots Family Over Birthday Cake Lyft, Waymo Sign Collaboration Deal On Self-driving Cars Thermo Fisher To Buy CDMO Firm Patheon In $7.2 Bln Deal Major Cyber Attack With Stolen NSA Tools Hits Systems Worldwide Target Increases Free Shipping Minimum Scorpion Grounds United Flight From Houston Hyundai And Kia Ordered To Recall 240,000 Cars Music City Miracle: The 10 Hottest U.S. Housing Markets For 2017 Thyssenkrupp Posts Q2 Net Loss; Now Sees Net Loss In FY17; Stock Dips Allianz SE Q1 Net Profit Dips, But Operating Profit Up; Backs FY17 Profit View Whole Foods Makes Major Board Changes FDA Nod For MRK's Keytruda, SGMO Soars On Gene Therapy Deal, OMER Catches Eyes Company Spotlight: Immunomedics Gainers & Losers Of May 11: SGMO, RNN, XON, MNKD, NVCN... AKTX Falls To Disgrace, CATB Awaits Data In Q3, CORI Surges On Trial Data Deutsche Telekom Q1 Profit Plunges, Revenues Rise; Backs FY17 Forecast Uber Suffers Setback In Europe Hyundai And Kia Ordered To Recall 240,000 Cars AZN's PACIFIC Proves To Have Depth, ARDX Abuzz, No Flashy Data From ALLSTAR AstraZeneca, MedImmune Report Positive Results For Imfinzi Trial In NSCLC Macy's Q1 Results Miss View, Affirms FY17 Outlook; Shares Fall Major Cyber Attack With Stolen NSA Tools Hits Systems Worldwide Kohl's Q1 Profit Tops View, But Sales Miss Sprint And Softbank Reportedly Begin Merger Talks With T-Mobile Loxo Oncology: FDA Grants Orphan Drug Designation To Larotrectinib BD Reports Purchase Of Additional Shares By Underwriters In Equity Offerings Richemont FY16 Profit Declines; Increases Dividend - Quick Facts Nissan Contributes €811 Mln To Renault's Earning EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of UQM Technologies Inc. Q1 Earnings Report Kohl's Turns Lower After Seeing Initial Strength TELUS Updates 2017 Financial Targets - Quick Facts Kelly Services Q1 Profit Advances 85% Himax Technologies Inc. Reveals 87% Fall In Q1 Earnings Melrose Industries Says Current Trading In Line With View 3i Infrastructure FY16 Pretax Profit Declines - Quick Facts Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Obsolete: New Replacement Cheaper Safer Faster Home | TheWire Tags: who | ebola | outbreak | congo WHO Ebola Outbreak in Congo: 2 Confirmed, 17 Suspected Cases (Copyright AP) Monday, 15 May 2017 09:13 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    WHO said the Ebola outbreak in Congo had its second confirmed case on Sunday, along with 17 other suspected cases. Reuters reported health officials are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo near the border with Central African Republic. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases, said World Health Organization's Congo spokesman Eugene Kabambi.. It was not immediately clear how the first victim, a deceased male, caught the virus, although past outbreaks have been linked to contact with infected bush meat such as apes. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. However, Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government on the matter. Related Stories: Hepatitis C Infection Rates Nearly Triple Measles Outbreak in Minnesota is Worst in Almost 30 Years © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share TheWire WHO said the Ebola outbreak in Congo had its second confirmed case on Sunday, along with 17 other suspected cases. who, ebola, outbreak, congo 212 Monday, 15 May 2017 09:13 AM 2017-13-15 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus   Most Popular 8 Top Choices to Replace Comey at FBI Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 25 comments Trey Gowdy...... Ed Murray Drops Seattle Mayor Re-election Bid Amid Abuse Claims Tuesday, 09 May 2017 | 21 comments After looking at that picture I'd vote guilty on that jury against this... Betsy DeVos Booed During Commencement Speech, Grads Turn Backs Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 19 comments Kudos to DeVos for having the courage to walk into a larder of snakes.... Dwayne Johnson for President? Actor Tells GQ What He'd Do Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 18 comments Take away his scripts and steroids and what have you got??Not much!!... Amazon Homeless Shelter Included at Headquarters Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 14 comments Not all homeless people are smelly Alfred. You know there are many mothers... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global $58.4 Billion Animal Health (Feed Additives, Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines) Market Forecast And Trend Analysis, 2014 - 2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 15 May, 2017, 17:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Animal Health Market Size & Forecast By Product (Feed Additives, Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines), By Animal Type (Production Animal, Companion Animal), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, MEA), And Trend Analysis, 2014 - 2025" report to their offering. The global animal health market is expected to reach USD 58.4 billion by 2025 The market is driven by technological advancements in veterinary care, which are anticipated to serve future growth opportunities to the market. For instance, MediLabSecure, a laboratory network project, was initiated with an aim of identifying emerging viruses and pathogens in 19 countries in the Mediterranean regions. In addition, emergence of veterinary health information systems, specifically in the developed economies, is expected to provide high growth potential in future. With the help of these systems, data generated in veterinary clinics can be uploaded on the internet, which can be further shared with other researchers and clinicians. The incorporation of this technology will facilitate real-time analysis of fluctuations in disease prevalence. As a consequence of the aforementioned factors, it is presumed that there will be significant improvement in the overall penetration rate of animal health products, which is also anticipated to fuel the market demand as well as the revenue to unprecedented heights. Further key findings from the study suggest: Vaccines are expected to exhibit lucrative growth rate during the forecast period. The exponential growth can be attributed to significant increase in the companion animal population, which demands long-term health Companion animal segment is anticipated to grow at an exponential rate owing to is a consequence of associated health benefits for humans, which includes lower blood pressure, greater psychological stability, and reduced anxiety attacks In 2015, North America accounted for the largest share in the global animal health market owing to local presence of established pharmaceutical companies, consistently striving for extensive commercialization of their products Asia Pacific is anticipated to grow at an exponential CAGR as a consequence of high clinical urgency to curb high incidence of zoonotic diseases and management of disease outbreaks, such as swine influenza and Ebola The key participants employ sustainability strategies, such as expanding product portfolio to gain competitive advantage. For instance, In March 2016, Merial entered into distribution agreement with Zoetis, Inc. to expand the dairy product portfolio in India Key Topics Covered: 1 Research Methodology & Scope 1.1 Region-Wise Market Calculation 1.1.1 Region-Wise market: Base estimates 1.1.2 Global market: CAGR calculation 1.2 Region-based Segment Share Calculation 1.3 List of Secondary Sources 2 Executive Summary 3 Animal Health Market Variables, Trends & Scope 3.1 Market Segmentation & Scope 3.2 Market Driver Analysis 3.2.1 Rising number of government initiatives 3.2.2 Technological advancements 3.3 Market Restraint Analysis 3.3.1 Increasing advent of counterfeit drugs 3.3.2 Lack of standardization 3.4 Penetration & Growth Prospect Mapping 3.5 Animal Health - SWOT Analysis, by Factor (Political & legal, economic and technological) 3.6 Industry Analysis - Porter's 4 Animal Health Market: Product Estimates & Trend Analysis 4.1 Animal health market: Product movement analysis 4.2 Feed Additives 4.3 Pharmaceuticals 4.4 Vaccines 5 Animal Health Market: Animal Type Estimates & Trend Analysis 5.1 Animal health market: Animal type movement analysis 5.2 Production Animal 5.3 Companion Animal 6 Animal Health Market: Regional Estimates & Trend Analysis, by Product, Animal Type 7 Competitive Landscape Bayer AG Merck & Co. AG Elanco Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH Sanofi S.A. Zoetis, Inc. Nutreco N.V. Virbac For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/vhrc52/animal_health Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-584-billion-animal-health-feed-additives-pharmaceuticals-vaccines-market-forecast-and-trend-analysis-2014---2025---research-and-markets-300457333.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 15 May, 2017, 17:30 ET Preview: Asian Animation Industry Report 2017: Studios are Investing in Intellectual Property Protection Mechanisms - Research and Markets 15 May, 2017, 17:00 ET Preview: Global Medical Waste Management Market Analysis By Services, Treatment And Segment Forecasts, 2025 - Technological Advancement Leading to Non-Incineration Techniques - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Global Applied Materials Market Report 2017 - Research and Markets 15 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Semiconductors for Alternative Energy Technologies 2017:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global $58.4 Billion Animal Health (Feed Additives, Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines) Market Forecast And Trend Analysis, 2014 - 2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 15 May, 2017, 17:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース EurekAlert!中文版 Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース EurekAlert!中文版 Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: Experimental Biology 2017 April 22 - 26, 2017 Chicago, IL Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting Experimental Biology 2017 April 22 - 26, 2017 Chicago, IL More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 15-May-2017 New report recommends priority actions to achieve global health security New report recommends priority actions to achieve global health security, protect US position as global health leader, and safeguard billions of dollars in health investments National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine Share  Print  E-Mail WASHINGTON - A new report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine identifies global health priorities in light of current and emerging challenges and makes 14 recommendations for the U.S. government and other stakeholders to address these challenges, while maintaining U.S. status as a world leader in global health. "The increased interdependency of countries, economies, and cultures resulting from tremendous growth in international travel and trade over the last several decades has brought improved access to goods and services, but also a variety of health threats," said Jendayi Frazer, co-chair of the committee that conducted the study and wrote the report and adjunct senior fellow for Africa studies at the Council on Foreign Relations. "The United States must preserve and extend its legacy as a global leader, partner, and innovator in global health through forward-looking policies, country and international partnerships, and, most importantly, continued investment. Doing so will not only lead to improved health and security for all U.S. citizens but also ensure the sustainable thriving of the global population." "By investing in global health over the next 20 years, there is a chance to save the lives of millions of children and adults," said committee co-chair Valentin Fuster, physician-in-chief at Mount Sinai Hospital and director of Mount Sinai Heart. "The health and well-being of other countries both directly and indirectly affect the health, safety, and economic security of Americans. The U.S. government should maintain its leadership position in global health as a matter of urgent national interest and as a global public benefit that enhances America's international standing." While prioritization of resources for each issue or disease is necessary, it is also essential to embrace a systems-focused approach to capacity building and partnership to achieve results more comprehensively. The committee identified four priority areas encompassing the 14 recommendations for global health action: Achieve global health security. In the last 10 years, outbreaks of potentially pandemic influenza, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus, Ebola, and Zika have threatened populations around the world. In each case, global and national responses, including those of the United States, have been reactionary, uncoordinated, ineffective, and expensive, the report says. The presidential administration should create a coordinating body within the U.S. government with the authority and budget to develop a proactive, cost-effective, and comprehensive approach to preparedness for and response to international public health emergencies. The U.S. departments of Health and Human Services, Defense, and Agriculture, and U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) should continue investments at the national level and increase investments at the international level to improve capabilities to confront the growing threat of antimicrobial resistance. In addition, the administration also should strengthen preparedness and response capacity in low- and middle-income countries through training and information exchange efforts. Maintain a sustained response to the continuous threats of communicable diseases. Dedicated efforts over the last few decades have resulted in millions of lives saved from AIDS, TB, and malaria, yet these three diseases continue to pose immediate and long-term threats to the health of populations around the world, the report says. For example, more than 36 million people are living with HIV, with 2 million infections occurring yearly. The committee recommended a sustained focus on HIV/AIDS through the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) with continued emphasis on accountability, efficiency, and measurement of results. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and USAID should conduct a thorough global threat analysis of rising TB levels and execute a plan of action for developing new diagnostics, drugs, vaccines, and delivery systems. In addition, relevant U.S. government agencies should continue efforts against malaria through the President's Malaria Initiative and collaborative work with partners toward elimination of the disease, the report says. Save and improve the lives of women and children. Although child and maternal mortality rates have decreased, each year nearly 6 million children die before age 5, and more than 300,000 women die from pregnancy- and childbirth-related causes, the vast majority of which are preventable. The report calls for increased funding to augment USAID's investments in ending preventable maternal and child mortality to include priority interventions supported by rigorous monitoring and evaluation. In addition, USAID, PEPFAR, their implementing partners, and other funders should support and incorporate proven, cost-effective interventions into their existing programs for ensuring that all children reach their developmental potential and become healthy, productive adults. This includes interventions such as providing adequate nutrition for optimal cognitive development and detecting and managing postpartum depression and other maternal mental health issues. Promote cardiovascular health and prevent cancer. Noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and lung cancer result in 40 million deaths globally each year, almost three-quarters of which are in low- and middle-income countries. The costs of managing these diseases are rising as well, with CVD alone projected to cost the world $1 trillion annually in treatment costs and productivity losses by 2030. Many health systems in these countries are not adequately equipped to care for patients with NCDs, due to historical focus on infectious diseases. The committee called for USAID, the U.S. State Department, and the CDC to support improved mobilization and coordination of private partners at the country level to implement strategies targeting CVD risk factors, early detection and treatment of hypertension and cervical cancer, and immunization against cancer-causing viruses, such as HPV and hepatitis B. To maximize the returns on investments in these four priority areas, achieve better health outcomes, and use funding more effectively, the report says the U.S. should: catalyze innovation through the accelerated development of medical products and integrated digital health infrastructure; employ more flexible financing mechanisms to leverage new partners and funders in global health; and maintain U.S. status and influence as a world leader in global health while adhering to evidence-based science and economics, measurement, and accountability. The study was sponsored by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, National Institutes of Health, President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, U.S. Agency for International Development, Rockefeller Foundation, Medtronic, Merck Foundation, and BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company). The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine are private, nonprofit institutions that provide independent, objective analysis and advice to the nation to solve complex problems and inform public policy decisions related to science, technology, and medicine. The National Academies operate under an 1863 congressional charter to the National Academy of Sciences, signed by President Lincoln. For more information, visit http://national-academies.org. A committee roster follows. ### Social Media: @theNASEM @NASEM_health #USglobalhealth Resources: http://www.nationalacademies.org/USglobalhealth Contacts: Jennifer Walsh, Senior Media Relations Officer Joshua Blatt, Media Relations Assistant Office of News and Public Information 202-334-2138; e-mail news@nas.edu Newsroom Copies of Global Health and the Future Role of the United States are available from the National Academies Press on the Internet at http://www.nap.edu or by calling 202-334-3313 or 1-800-624-6242. Reporters may obtain a copy from the Office of News and Public Information (contacts listed above). THE NATIONAL ACADEMIES OF SCIENCES, ENGINEERING, AND MEDICINE Health and Medicine Division Board on Global Health Committee on Global Health and the Future of the United States Jendayi Frazer, Ph.D. (co-chair) Adjunct Senior Fellow for Africa Studies Council on Foreign Relations Washington, D.C. Valentin Fuster, M.D., Ph.D. (co-chair) Physician-in-Chief Mount Sinai Hospital, Director Mount Sinai Heart, and Professor of Medicine Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai New York City Gisela Abbam, M.B.A. Global Executive Director Healthcare Government Affairs and Policy General Electric Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom Amie Batson, M.B.A. Chief Strategy Officer and VP of Strategy and Learning PATH Seattle Frederick M. Burkle Jr., M.D., M.P.H., DTM Senior International Public Policy Scholar Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, Senior Associate Center for Refugee and Disaster Studies Johns Hopkins University, and Senior Fellow and Scientist Harvard Humanitarian Initiative Harvard University Kailua, Hawai'i Lynda Chin, M.D. Director Institute for Health Transformation, Chief Innovation Officer Office for Health Affairs, and Associate Vice Chancellor for Health Transformation University of Texas System Houston Stephanie L. Ferguson, Ph.D., R.N., FAAN Professor of Nursing School of Health Sciences and Human Performance, Director of the Certificate and Master's in Health Informatics Management Program School of Graduate Health Sciences Lynchburg College, and Consulting Associate Professor Bing Stanford in Washington Program Washington, D.C. Lia C. H. Fernald, Ph.D., M.B.A. Professor of Community Health Sciences School of Public Health University of California Berkeley Peter R. Lamptey, M.D., M.P.H., Dr.PH, Distinguished Scientist and President Emeritus FHI 360, and Professor of Noncommunicable Disease London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine University of London London Ramanan Laxminarayan, Ph.D., M.P.H. Director and Senior Fellow Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics, and Policy New Delhi Michael H. Merson, M.D. Director Duke Global Health Institute, and Vice President and Vice Provost Global Affairs Duke University Durham, N.C. Vasant Narasimhan, M.D., M.P.P. Chief Medical Officer and Global Head of Development Novartis Basel, Switzerland Michael T. Osterholm, Ph.D., M.P.H. Regents Professor McKnight Presidential Endowed Chair, and Director Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy University of Minnesota Minneapolis Juan Carlos Puyana, M.D. Professor of Surgery, Clinical Translational Sciences, and Critical Care Medicine School of Medicine University of Pittsburgh Pittsburgh STAFF Megan Reeve Snair, M.P.H. Staff Officer Member, National Academy of Medicine Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact Jennifer Walsh news@nas.edu 202-334-2138  @theNASEM http://www.nas.edu  More on this News Release New report recommends priority actions to achieve global health security National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine Keywords AIDS/HIV INFECTIOUS/EMERGING DISEASES MEDICINE/HEALTH Original Source http://www8.nationalacademies.org/onpinews/newsitem.aspx?RecordID=24737 More in Medicine & Health More than 1.2 million adolescents die every year, nearly all preventable Hoffman & Hoffman Worldwide Adolescent boys treated at urban ER for violent injury want mental health care Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Clinics should choose women's breast screening appointment times to improve attendance Queen Mary University of London Year-round flu vaccinations promote healthier infants in subtropics Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center View all Medicine & Health news  Trending Science News This fly's incredible hearing is a curiosity to those developing better hearing aids University of Toronto Code of conduct needed for ocean conservation, study says University of Washington Timing of menopause onset may increase heart failure risk in women American College of Cardiology Unfolding the folding mechanism of ladybug wings University of Tokyo View all latest news  Copyright © 2017 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlert facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2017 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Veterinary Vaccines Market Research Report: New Business Opportunities & Investment Research Report 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/15/2017 — Global Veterinary Vaccines Market: Overview Veterinary vaccines often prove themselves to be live-savers for animals against diseases that are generally fatal or leave them impaired or handicapped. Veterinary vaccines thus offer protection to animals similar to the way humans are vaccinated against potentially incurable diseases. The way veterinary vaccines work may be different than human vaccines however. It is often encouraged for pet owners to vaccinate their pets regularly as it is much cheaper than opting for the treatment of a sick animal. It also helps reduce the transmission of germs and bacteria within animals and thus ensures a healthier environment for all animals and pets in an area. In the case of livestock, vaccination promotes a healthier output and prevents the transmission of harmful microorganisms to humans upon consumption of meat of animal products. The common diseases for which pets and livestock are vaccinated include brucellosis, pinkeye, E. coli, and rotavirus. The report on the global veterinary vaccines market offers a descriptive analysis of the factors that have been – and will be – responsible for the progress rate of the market. These factors are dissected based on the various segments available in the market for study and player diversity. The report uses all current and recent data to effectively pinpoint the situation the global veterinary vaccines market is in currently and what it will look like in the near future. The analysis of the global veterinary vaccines market is performed using tried and tested industry standards such as Porter’s Five Forces analysis and the SWOT analysis. The report also provides a highly in-depth view of the competitive landscape of the global veterinary vaccines market and its predicted future tense. Global Veterinary Vaccines Market: Trends and Opportunities: The primary driver boosting the global veterinary vaccines market is the growing consumption of animal products across the world. With a large human population associated with the demand for dairy, meat, fish, and eggs, it is necessary for the animal husbandry industry to spruce up its vaccination policies and rates. In the case of pets, the amount of pet owners in the world has also gone up considerably over the past few years. Market research points to an even higher number of pet owners by 2024. At the same time, the expenditure made by each pet owner for the health and happiness of their pets has risen significantly, further pointing to a progressively inclined rate of veterinary vaccination. The problem of high restrictions still persists in the global veterinary vaccines market as players are often barred from commercial entry due to the high market standards, regulatory restriction, and the high cost of research and development efforts. Many governments have stepped in, providing incentives and awareness initiatives for the sake of getting a larger population of the domesticated animal kingdom to be protected from harm. This exhaustive report includes 24 data tables and 50 figures to give readers a 360° view of the Veterinary Vaccines Market. Browse through this 185-page report to know what factors will shape the market during the period 2016-2024 http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-vaccines-market.html Global Veterinary Vaccines Market: Region-wise Outlook: The global veterinary vaccines market is expected to reach US$11.4 bn by 2024, after being projected at a CAGR of 6.9% from 2016 to 2024. Regionally speaking, a large chunk of this current growth rate is attributed to the high demand shown by North America and its growing populations of pet owners and livestock. The emerging economies from Asia Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East are simultaneously showing a very high growth rate in their consumption of veterinary vaccines owing to greater awareness and an increasing demand for animal products. Companies Mentioned in the Research Report: The key players in the global veterinary vaccines market include Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bimeda, Inc., Virbac, Eli Lilly and Company (Elanco Animal Health), Ceva Santé Animale, Sanofi S.A. (Merial Animal Health), Merck Animal Health, and Zoetis, Inc. Key segments of the Global Veterinary Vaccines Market: Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Animal Type Animal Type Companion Animals Equine Canine Feline Livestock Animals Bovine Ovine Porcine Poultry Others Global Veterinary Vaccines Market, by Technology Type Inactivated Vaccines Live Attenuated Vaccines Conjugate Vaccines Toxoid Vaccines Other Vaccines Major regions analyzed under this research report are: Europe North America Asia Pacific Rest of the World Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Veterinary Vaccines Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=215 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces the Filing of a Complaint Concerning the Sale of AdvancePierre Foods Holdings, Inc. to Tyson Foods, Inc. for $40.25 — APFH Next PostNext Global In Vitro Diagnostics (IVD) Market by Technology (Immunodiagnostics, Molecular Diagnostics, Clinical Chemistry) and by Product Type(Reagents, Instrument Services and Instrumentation) Outlook 2020 Industry Trend, Growth, Share, Analysis Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Personal Approach / Order Cheapest Generic Indocin Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 15 de Maio de 2017 Order Cheapest Generic Indocin Generic Indocin Best Place To Order Indocin Cheapest. Indocin (indomethacin) is used for treating moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. It is used to treat gout or certain types of bursitis and tendonitis. Generic Indocin is a cost-saving medication prescribed by medical physicians worldwide. Generic Indocin may also be marketed as: Indomethacin, Indometacin, Indocin SR. *Indocin® is manufactured by Merck & Co. Rating 4.6 stars, based on 393 comments Price start from $0.39 Per pill Click here to Order Generic Indocin (Indomethacin) NOW! Quel Est Meilleur Site Pour Acheter Indomethacin Boston Generic Indocin Where To Purchase Indocin Buy Online Pharmacy Cheap Indomethacin Brand Where To Buy Indocin Cheap Online Buy Indocin Online Prices Order Online Indocin Australia Generic Indocin Low Cost Where To Get Cheap Indocin Uae Cheap Indomethacin Supplies Best Web Site Buy Indomethacin Where To Buy Cheap Indocin Dallas Purchase Cheap Indocin Gb Buy Generic Indocin Online No Prescription Cheap Indocin With Prescription Purchase Cheap Indocin Spain Buy Brand Name Indocin Online Buy Online Indocin Philadelphia buy Avanafil buy Sildenafil Citrate greensavers.sapo.ao Best Place To Order Viagra Oral Jelly online Acheter Keflex 750 mg Internet Acheter Cheap Indocin Chicago Where To Order Online Indocin Spain Achat Online Indocin Belgique Indomethacin Cost Generic Purchase Generic Indocin Netherlands Achat Indomethacin Inde Combien Online Indocin Boston Combien Online Indocin Norge Buy Online Indocin Miami Indocin Cheap Paypal Indomethacin Where To Buy Buy Indomethacin Online Fast How Do I Buy Indocin Online Purchase Cheap Indocin Australia Peut Acheter Indocin Pharmacie Qui Acheter Indocin Net Cheap Indomethacin Buy Cheap Indocin Austria Buy Cheap Indomethacin No Rx Buy Indocin Venezuela Where To Get Online Indocin Inglaterra How To Get Cheap Indocin Us Indocin Where To Purchase Buy Indomethacin Online Pay With Paypal Indocin Purchases Cheap Indocin Paypal Achat Online Indocin Italy Generic Indomethacin Money Order Order Generic Indocin Uk Acheter Online Indocin Amsterdam Buy Indomethacin Online Low Price Order Online Indocin Norge Buy Indomethacin By Check Order Brand Name Indomethacin Where To Purchase Generic Indocin Usa Where To Get Online Indocin San Francisco Achat Indocin Pharmacie Francaise Where To Get Indocin Cheap Generic Indocin Cheapest Order Cheap Indomethacin Online Costo Ufficiale Indomethacin Billig Generic Indocin France Best Place Online To Buy Indomethacin Combien Cheap Indocin San Francisco Achat Cheap Indocin Phoenix Can You Order Indocin Online No Prescription Indocin Pills Cheap Prices Köp Cheap Indocin Dallas How Does Indomethacin Cost Köp Generic Indocin Houston Where To Get Online Indocin Philadelphia Buying Indomethacin Online Cheap Order Indomethacin On Line Where To Purchase Online Indocin Spain Purchase Generic Indocin Sverige Cheap Brand Indomethacin Online No Prescription Buy Indomethacin Websites Precio Indocin Costa Rica Acheter Generic Indocin Angleterre Indocin Cheap Overnight Shipping Buy Indocin Generic For Cheap Order Indocin Cheap Where To Get Online Indocin Sweden Beställa Inderal 20 mg Låg Kostnad 2.5 mg Metaglip Looking buy Furosemide generic Plavix GYINi Related Posts De bästa specialpriser för samtliga droger * Inköp Låg Kostnad Ampicillin 250 mg FCA e FAO levam segurança alimentar à Angola rural I migliori prezzi per qualità eccellente * In linea 10 mg Nolvadex Acquista Les échantillons de Viagra gratuit. Permethrin En Ligne. Livraison express Köpa Låg Kostnad Triamcinolone. Billiga Kanadensiska På Nätet Apotek Mejobu, a rede social para recém-licenciados à procura de emprego Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet bas prix - Acheter Keflex 750 mg Internet - Courrier... Anterior In linea Fasigyn Trinidazole Senza Ricetta - Miglior... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hospital Pharmaceuticals Market Research Report Forecast to 2023 Hospital Pharmaceuticals Market Pharmaceutical drugs are sold through various channels such as retail, mail orders, clinics and hospitals. This report on the global hospital pharmaceuticals market analyses the current and future prospects of the market specifically pertaining to drugs sold in hospital settings. The report comprises an elaborate executive summary, including a market snapshot that provides overall information of various segments and sub-segments. The research is a robust combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via e-mails. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various international and national databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ million for each segment for the period from 2013 to 2023, considering the macro and micro environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the global teleradiology market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, and regulatory requirements. This 192 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Hospital Pharmaceuticals Market. Browse through 12 data tables and 43 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/hospital-pharmaceutica… Market revenue in terms of US$ Mn for the period between 2013 and 2023 along with the compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) from 2015 to 2023 are provided for all the segments, considering 2014 as the base year. Global hospital pharmaceutical drugs market is segmented according to major therapeutic areas, which include: cardiology, oncology, nephrology and urology, neurology, pain and infection. Market for these major therapeutic areas has been further assessed according to drug classes. Cardiology segment is further divided into anti-hypertensive drugs, dyslipidemia drugs, and others (ACE inhibitors, angiotensin receptor blockers, anticoagulants). Oncology segment is further segmented into immunomodulating agents, alkylating agents, anti-metabolites, hormonal agents, and miscellaneous drugs. Nephrology and urology segment is further divided into diuretic drugs, anti-hypertensive agents, phosphate binders, anti-cholinergic agents and 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors. Neurology segment is divided into anti-anxiety, anti-migraine, anti-depressant and anti-psychotic drugs. Market for pain management drugs has been divided into anti-convulsant drugs, anesthetics, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID), opioids, and non-narcotic analgesic drugs. Similarly anti-infective drugs market has been segmented into anti-bacterial drugs, anti-viral drugs, anti-fungal drugs and anti-parasite drugs. The report also provides a detailed list of potential phase III candidates for each of the therapeutic areas. The market has been further studied from the point of view of major diseases in these therapeutic areas. Thus the cardiology market has been studied considering coronary heart diseases, stroke, high blood pressure (hypertension), heart failure and other cardiovascular diseases. Oncology drugs market has been studied for lung cancer, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, prostate cancer, and others. Nephrology and urology drugs market is studied for acute kidney failure, chronic kidney diseases, glomerular diseases, diabetes and other diseases. Neurology market has been studied for epilepsy, Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis, stroke and other diseases. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Hospital Pharmaceuticals Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Market for pain has been studied for neuropathic pain, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, cancer pain and others. The infection market is studied for major infectious disease such as tuberculosis, pneumonia, hepatitis A, hepatitis B, Candida infections, fungal meningitis, shigellosis, amoebiasis and other infections. The report also provides insights for various branded and blockbuster drugs under various therapeutic drug class. Moreover, the report also provides the approval date and the patent expiry for major drugs in the event impact analysis section. Additionally, the report contains market attractiveness analysis by geography and competitive landscape by key players. The market attractiveness analysis explains the intensity of competition in the market in different geographies. The competitive scenario between different market players is evaluated through market share analysis. These factors would help the market players to take strategic decisions in order to strengthen their positions and expand their share in the global market. Geographically, this market has been segmented into four regions: North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Rest of the World (RoW). In addition the regions have been further segmented by major countries from each region, which include the U.S, Canada, Japan, China, U.K., Germany and Brazil. The report also profiles major players in the hospital pharmaceuticals market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, key business strategies, product portfolio, and recent developments. Key companies profiled in the report include AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Novartis, and Pfizer, Inc. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ARTMS Products Inc. Partners with Alliance Medical to Modernize, Stabilize UK Medical Isotope Supply Chain Next PostNext Eastgate Biotech Engages Agent to Identify Suitable Joint Venture Partners and Suppliers in the Philippines Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Oral Vaccines Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research In past few years, there has been tremendous increase in the demand for needle-free vaccines due to obvious choice to more comfortable oral delivery over parenteral administration. Oral vaccines hold potential to take immunization to new level of excellence, due to more adherence to vaccination regime. For highly infectious diseases such as seasonal flu, people prefer oral vaccines to avoid risk of contaminated needles & syringes to health workers, require less qualified health workers and also are less costly than injectable vaccines. The first oral vaccines came into market was Sabin attenuated strains trivalent polio vaccine (tOPV), which witnessed huge success since in terms of immunization and population acceptance in Americas, Europe and Western Pacific, since 1999. Oral polio vaccines stimulate mucosal immunity and thus is more effective in transmission of virus. With the development of oral vaccines global efforts to control contagious diseases, such as cholera and flu, are entering a new level as they offer an opportunity to prevent outbreak among population living in vulnerable areas. Oral vaccines are also preferred for immunization for wildlife population for dreadful diseases such as rabies. Some of the examples of commercial oral vaccines include Vaxchora (cholera), Vivotif, (typhoid), RABORAL V-RG (rabies), Tetramune, Rotateq, Rotashield, (Rotavirus), Dukoral (Cholera, diarrhea), LUIVAC (respiratory infection), Biostim (Klebsiella) and many others. The global market for oral vaccines is primarily driven by increasing prevalence of infectious diseases in developing countries, bioterrorism, resistance to existing vaccines, etc. In addition to this, patient adherence to needle-free vaccine regime, preference to oral vaccines by children and geriatric population, cost effective nature, recent FDA approvals to oral vaccines for diseases such as cholera etc. are some of the factors expected to fuel the growth of global  oral vaccines market. However, compromised immunogenicity in children and cost for maintaining a cold chain, inaccessibility in remote areas etc. are some of the factors limiting growth of global oral vaccines market. For instance, maintenance of cold chain for oral vaccines across the globe costs over US$ 300 Mn per year. Development of new delivery system for oral vaccines may result in more efficiency of these products and may result in less failure rate for clinical trials. Development of low cost oral vaccines for new indications not yet covered by existing vaccines presents huge opportunity for researchers in this field as this may increase the uptake of countries with low immunization accessibility. Currently, several oral vaccine products are being evaluated in clinical trials, but they require more extensive human studies to establish the efficacy. Based on product type, the global oral vaccines market has been classified as live attenuated vaccines, killed/inactivated vaccines, recombinant vaccines and others (ribosomal fractions, antigenic preparations). Among all product types, killed/inactivates vaccines segment is expected to take maximum share in the global market due to high adoption for safety and efficacy. Based on end user, the global oral vaccines market has been classified as hospitals, clinics, government vaccination centers, and research institutes. Government vaccination centers are expected to contribute highest market share in the global oral vaccines market due to strong patient pool towards national immunization programs. On the basis of regional presence, global oral vaccines market is segmented into five key regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America is expected to lead the global market due to existence of highly planned healthcare reimbursement schemes and power of purchasing expensive vaccines In the U.S. Oral vaccines hold special advantage in developing countries where there is a high incidence of infectious diseases and also simple logistics for oral vaccines are highly effective for mass immunization programs. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14395 Some of the players operating in global oral vaccines market are GlaxoSmithKline Plc., PaxVax Corporation, Merial, Inc., Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. (a subsidiary of Merck & Co. Inc.), VALNEVA Canada Inc., QUÍMICA SUIZA S.A., Immunitor, Inc., Aventis (Sanofi S.A.), Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd., Swiss Serum and Vaccine Institute Berne, Bull Bio – NCIPD Ltd., Vaxart, Inc., Shantha Biotechnics, Crucell (Janssen Global Services, LLC) and others. Development of oral HIV vaccines is expected to bring a revolutionary change in the infectious disease landscape in some of the African and Latin American countries. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14395 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Oral Vaccines Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Railcar Leasing in Europe 2017 Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 4.13% and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Aurora Cannabis Inc. (ACBFF: OTCQX International) | Aurora Announces Q3 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter Dialysate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing the first punch Get it together! Top Republicans tell the White House to stop its 'downward spiral' as they demand a 'full explanation' over claims Trump leaked 'highly-classified' intel to the Russians about ISIS laptop threat during Oval Office meeting Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Has Pirates been pirated? Hackers threaten to release stolen upcoming Disney blockbuster unless studio pays massive ransom Three 'burglars' are killed after crashing their car into a pond during a high-speed police chase after 'robbing a Sprint store' University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating top of her class White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is downgraded from first class while her friend was allowed to stay United changes its secret cockpit-door access codes after they were accidentally leaked online Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day before stabbing an employee' Latin Kings gang member is sentenced to 49 years after stabbing beating his transgender girlfriend to death with a hammer Teacher resigns after penning a letter to the school paper quoting a Bible verse saying gay people 'deserve to die Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, just nine months after the mother-of-three divorced her husband Wife 'hired a hitman who shot her husband dead for a $900K life insurance policy after her plot to poison him failed' Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars and art and both her sons following her husband's $65bn Ponzi scheme  Horrifying security footage shows the moment a private jet carrying two people crashed and exploded into flames near a New Jersey airport How simply looking at pictures can make you feel itchy cold tired or dizzy: If you don't believe us try staring at these 'You hesitate, you die': Oklahoma cop says her police training was running through her mind as she shot dead an unarmed black man Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a baseball bat and bound by masked robbers at his home What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will live on an Earth where oceans have evaporated 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to host alien life Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police shoot dead a fleeing suspect after he appears to point a weapon at them Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize everything from the umbrella to satellites The mysterious flashes of light coming from earth even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the moment a Navy trainee was sucked into the engine of a fighter jet during the Gulf War Previous Next Second Ebola case confirmed in Congo outbreak: Health officials try to trace 125 people linked to the cases World Health Organisation experts are trying to track contacts of the first victim Three people have died among the 19 confirmed or suspected cases of Ebola The outbreak has happened in a remote northeastern province of the DR Congo Some 300,000 doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are being prepared   By Reuters Published: 20:41 EDT, 14 May 2017 | Updated: 20:57 EDT, 14 May 2017 e-mail 53 shares 63 View comments The World Health Organisation (WHO) have confirmed a second case of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Health officials are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele near the border with Central African Republic. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases, he added. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases (file image) It was not immediately clear how the first victim, a deceased male, caught the virus, although past outbreaks have been linked to contact with infected bush meat such as apes. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Ebola epidemic declared by World Health Organisation after... Mother shares heartbreaking photos showing how meningococcal... Share this article Share The dense forests of Congo contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976. The country has since experienced many outbreaks and has been mostly successful in containing them without large-scale loss of life. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government on the matter. The Ebola virus: The latest outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea Share or comment on this article e-mail 53 shares Most watched News videos Heartwarming mother-daughter pit bull reunion at ASPCA Golfers watch on as huge alligator chows down on fish Disturbing video: Villagers torture wolf by setting dogs on it Trump says wants to move quickly to nominate new FBI director Kirby Crane arrested by Dekalb County PD for punching dog Police in Baltimore discover toddler in car of man shot dead Ducktales: Ducks rescued after mistaking swimming pool for pond How satisfied do you feel after watching silicone being rolled? Trump commencement speech mentions 'pathetic' critics Putin on a show: Russian president shows off his piano skills Houston Rockets' kiss cam fail: Man gets friend-zoned in viral video Mother speaks out after 'babysitter caused child brain damage' Is this the worst jailbreak attempt ever? Hapless... ‘Imagine getting a knuckle crushed in there’: Strangely... 'It's like the US military having Tomohawk missiles... Now that's a view! Slackliners defy gravity - and common... France's new president unveils pro-immigration Republican... Putin blames US intelligence services for WannaCry cyber... Man thanks iPhone's 'Siri' for saving his life after a... Newborn boy buried alive in the bush is saved by a dog... Images from deep inside caves across the Americas show... Hero pilot tells how he went back INTO sinking helicopter... Runaway horse is hit by a taxi in the heart of Midtown... Horrific moment woman slams her car into a pedestrian... Bin Laden didn’t just sit around in a cave hiding from US... How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the... Filet on the fairway! Enormous alligator chows down on... Mystery as baby boy 'John Doe' is found dead and... Supreme Court sides with cop who handcuffed a boy, 13,... 'Get the f**k out!' 'Drunk' old Florida woman goes on... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 63 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband Tying the knot Having her for dinner! David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at posh restaurant in Malibu He is a grandfather-of-seven  Good enough to eat! Johnny Manziel takes a bite out of fiancee Bre Tiesi's peachy posterior in vacation snap 'I'm addicted to you' the 26-year-old wrote  Bling it on! A smiling Emily VanCamp shows off her engagement ring on the red carpet... just days after longtime boyfriend Josh Bowman proposed McKayla Maroney proudly takes credit for posting a racy video that sees her dancing in a THONG after fans thought the Instagram footage was hacked Ma-NO-los! Megyn Kelly puts on a brave smile despite wearing painful-looking $785 silver stilettos in first appearance with NBC colleagues 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men throughout her Hollywood career PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to see her mom after retreating from spotlight in wake of feuds and break-ups  Hasn't been seen for a while 'I've been hiding myself': US women's soccer star Lauren Holiday shares first bandaged-up selfie after surgery to remove brain tumor discovered during her pregnancy Pippa's $130,000 crystal palace: Kate's little sister has a HUGE 140ft-long glass marquee shipped in from Belgium ready for her wedding  Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Speaking out What a sweetheart! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina indulge in some after school ice cream  Enjoyed some father-daughter time Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten and bound by masked robbers at his home 'None of the women wanted anything to do with her': Andy Cohen says Phaedra Parks lost support from RHOA co-stars after 'date rape' rumor 'She's disgusted and concerned': Zoe Kravitz says mom Lisa Bonet 'didn't seem incredibly surprised' about Bill Cosby rape scandal Played Denise Huxtable  'I went to work with my dad': Miley Cyrus blames raunchy twerking phase on spending her teen years shooting Hannah Montana with father Billy Ray Sweet tooth! Scott Disick takes his children Mason and Penelope out for frozen yogurt in Calabasas He wore sunglasses and a gold necklace The first couple of Gotham! Morena Baccarin turns heads in see-through gown as she cuddles up to fiance Ben McKenzie at Fox Upfront event 'Beautiful, amazing thing': Adam Levine talks babies with Jesse Larson on The Voice after pregnancy reveal The 38-year-old singer talked babies  Bombs away! Charlie Hunnam touches down in Brazil for King Arthur premiere as mega budget movie fizzles at box office On the red carpet Anna Kendrick rocks skinny jeans and white jacket as she wheels her luggage through LAX after Mexican vacation with Pitch Perfect co-stars 'I feel guilty': Dieter Khloe Kardashian ashamed for taking a bite of Kim's pizza...but her older sister is unfazed as she also indulges in ice cream 'I was not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Wigging out! Jamie Chung debuts blonde locks as she joins curly-haired Rumer Willis at the Fox Upfronts in New York The pair hugged A 'Complicated' conspiracy! Absurd theory that singer Avril Lavigne is DEAD and has been replaced by a body-double sweeps the internet Khloe Kardashian's ex-James Harden is sued for allegedly masterminding a plan to assault and rob the son of NBA Hall of Famer Moses Malone at a strip club  Nothing Rotten about it! Sex Pistols legend John Lydon looks in high spirits in patriotic gear as he steps out in Malibu The 61-year-old London native  EXCLUSIVE: How Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and took LSD to cope after learning his missing mom was in asylum Crown Princess Mary stuns in a very affordable $80 floral skirt from H&M as she presents speech at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit Priyanka Chopra will return for third and final season of Quantico as ABC renews it for 13 episodes It was previously-unclear as to whether it would return Promoting her Empire! Taraji P Henson sizzles in a mini-dress as she hits the carpet at the Fox Upfronts in New York City A leggy display 'He likes that we are tough enough to beat the boys': Sylvester Stallone's daughters reveal their actor dad drilled them in push ups and running from the age of four 'I love you!' Ashley Graham cannot hide her delight as she is surprised by modelling icon Kathy Ireland at her book signing At a Barnes & Noble Giving an arm and a leg! David Duchovny sports sling as X-Files co-star Gillian Anderson hobbles on crutches at Webby Awards in NYC The pair each showed off injuries Living the model life: Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million It's been her home for almost 20 years  Western Walk This Way! New US ambassador to Israel randomly bumps into Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler while touring the old city of Jerusalem American Gods airs most explicit gay sex scene in TV history between two Muslim male characters Smashed some boundaries Sunday  Blake Lively reunites with Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants co-stars... as it's revealed she's set to play disgraced MMA fighter in new drama Slim Gal Gadot shows off her postbaby body in a plunging dress as she joins Chris Pine at Wonder Woman premiere in Shanghai Donned a slinky cobalt blue gown Thirsty work! Vanessa Hudgens oozes boho vibes as she slurps on an ice coffee during shopping outing Stepped out for coffee in West Hollywood  At least she kept her top on! Kim Zolciak poses in bikini for jet ski ride...after going topless for vow renewal ceremony in Turks and Caicos Leggy look! Lady Gaga highlights her curves in tight color-block mini dress after day of filming A Star Is Born The Poker Face hitmaker was in the Big Apple She blue them away! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in figure-hugging navy dress as she stars at NBC Upfront event She stunned on the red carpet Penelope Cruz goes hell for leather as she sports long platinum wig on set of American Crime Story for her Donatella Versace role The 43-year-old actress No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander squeezes her fabulous figure into skintight dress for TV network junket She slipped into a slinky dress  And the bride wore... nothing! Kim Zolciak strips down wedding gown to pose topless in  sea after renewing vows on beach with husband Kroy Biermann  Country music legend Loretta Lynn, 85, has begun rehabilitation after suffering stroke She had a stroke more than a week ago and is now starting recovery 'Note to self - a bride's train is NOT a real train': Pippa's top tips for wedding planning, as told to CRAIG BROWN  Her big day is fast approaching 'Hardly exaggerating when I say you saved my life these past few weeks': Actress Lena Dunham praises Australian music newbie Amy Shark A pip off the old block: Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter apple turns 13 - and doesn't she look like mum!  She posted a picture to her Instagram account Zac Efron to star as notorious serial rapist and killer Ted Bundy in drama Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile Former High School musical star  Singer Elle King reveals she married in secret last year BUT is now getting a divorce from 'best friend' The Ex's & Oh's hitmaker  'Heartbreaking given the circumstances': Documentary reveals Heath Ledger was working on directorial debut about chess prodigy who develops reliance on drugs Looking haute! Lara Bingle STUNS in black couture dress at Dior perfume event in France...after flaunting her amazing post baby body SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Ray Winstone suffering from a delusion? Tough guy actor thinks Brad Pitt would play him in a film about his life because 'he looks a bit like me' 'He would definitely need to be supervised': Stephen Belafonte's ex won't let him see their 12-year-old daughter alone after Melanie B alleged he had been violent towards her DWTS duo Peta Murgatroyd and Maksim Chmerkovskiy will have baby Shai Aleksander involved in summer wedding ceremony Set to wed Back on the case! Injured David Duchovny wears a sling as he reunites with X-Files castmate Gillian Anderson Return to their iconic roles as FBI agents Getting comfortable! Kim Kardashian swaps sexy superhero catsuit for cosy sweats as she steps out in New York Her straight, raven black locks were parted in the center Howe embarrassing! Playboy model Carla goes braless under extremely tight dress... and reveals slightly more than she intended to with wardrobe mishap My new joint with Bae': James Packer's ex Tziporah Malkah moves into beachfront property with her mystery lover after declaring her six-year sex drought is over Beverly Hills emergency! Lisa Vanderpump's restaurant Villa Blanca is evacuated due to fire scare Due to a faulty pizza oven Soaking up the sun! Priyanka Chopra relaxes in skimpy tie-dye bikini after attending world premiere of Baywatch in Miami Showing off her bikini body Mom's the word! Angelina Jolie enjoys a low key Mother's Day with her children as they walk their dog Actress enjoyed sunshine with kids SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: James Bond director Sam Mendes swaps stunts for nappies as he is prepares to become a father for the second time Double the fun! Madonna shares photo of twins Esther and Stella in matching polka-dot bathing suits Her four-year-old twins donned water wings 'I love you with all my heart': Bella Thorne wishes older sister Dani a Happy Mother's Day They are more than just sisters, they are best friends Angry conservatives call for boycott of ABC after network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen She's a wild one! Charlize Theron sports zebra printed top with skinny jeans for grocery store run The Oscar winner highlighted her long legs Chris Rock lists historic Brooklyn carriage house built in 1901 for sale at $3.85M The three bedroom, three bathroom residence  Michael Caine and British TV presenter Denise Welch strike up unlikely friendship as the pair enjoy a fun evening dining with loved ones at The Ivy 'I didn't get to hang out with my friends': Lewis Hamilton slams the racing industry for 'robbing' him of his life... after making a whopping $169M from the sport 'I can't do this forever!': Kylie Jenner hints at retiring from the spotlight as she shows off blonde hair in new extended trailer for Life Of Kylie Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted series by Bravo Bravo announced All That Glitters on Monday Edie Falco stars in bloody first look at Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders NBC's L&O spinoff will take a fresh look at brothers Lyle and Erik Menendez  'It was f***ed...all of it': Lorde reveals what is was like skyrocketing to fame at just 16 and says the whole experience was 'insane' She is now 20 Sporty chic! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her toned tummy in gym gear and hoodie in Beverly Hills She is a busy mother-of-three  Runs in the family! Samantha Bond, 55, looks chic in black blazer as she enjoys theater trip with her lookalike actress daughter Molly, 25 Miss Moneypenny Nicole Scherzinger 'will return to the X Factor for another year'... and pop diva Mariah Carey could still be a judge The 14th series of the UK show The coolest kid in town: Fergie takes her son Axl to the Ice Cream Museum on Mother's Day The 42-year-old pop singer 'Thank you for giving me freedom to express myself': Tess Holliday posts throwback photo with her mom while offering compassion for anyone who finds Mother's Day painful Straight Outta Compton star who portrayed Suge Knight arrested in Miami in battery of resort security guard Refused to take his foot off a table Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii She looked stunning Catch of the day! Power Ranger's star Ludi Lin joins cast of DC's Aquaman opposite Jason Mamoa His fame is quickly rising as he starred as the Black Ranger  Popular star Leslie Grossman joins American Horror Story for season seven as creator Ryan Murphy gushes about 'funny and talented' actress They've got the blues! After stars like Priyanka Chopra and Brie Larson stun in blue eye make-up, FEMAIL details five ways YOU can try the vibrant trend 'Pets are NOT children!' Oprah Winfrey prompts outrage on with Mother's Day post implying special day is for parents of 'fur children' as well 'Of course there is controversy!' 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford insists the mission of the show was to 'instigate discussion'  The Crown's Claire Foy 'is favorite to play Lisbeth Salander in reboot of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series'  Star of popular Netflix series Western vibes! Miley Cyrus highlights her slim frame in skinny jeans with a T-shirt and fedora while promoting new Malibu single Set to perform at the Billboard Music Awards The look of love: Bobby Cannavale and Rose Byrne gaze adoringly at each other during sweet family outing in the Big Apple  Took son Rocco out for a walk  'I need a banger!' Spencer Pratt reveals plans for a 'flashy' name for his and Heidi Montage's baby... and why he will never let his son watch The Hills All by myself! Caitlyn Jenner cuts a lonely figure in Malibu after being left out of Mother's Day tributes from Kris, Kim, Khloe, Kourtney and Kylie It's over! Bachelor couple Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell end their engagement  Got engaged last year, and announced their breakup on Monday 'You can all suck my d***!' Mo'Nique melts down on stage as she calls out Lee Daniels, Tyler Perry and Oprah Winfrey for her Hollywood 'shut out' 'I'm not suicidal': Brad Pitt opens up about moving on from Angelina Jolie... and figuring out his new family life Hunky actor is talking... Inside Lara Bingle's $2,248 per night luxury retreat at the sprawling 22-acre Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc  Married to Avatar's Sam Worthington 'Waxworks or real?' Kim and Khloe Kardashian are living dolls as they pose together in plunging outfits The famous sisters Terry Richardson shares sexy photo of his partner Skinny in a lace thong on a TRACTOR - followed by a clothed image of her with their twins for Mother's Day So pretty in pink! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo dress Dusty Rose in an outfit to match her name as they visit friends on Mother's Day 'It's a disaster': Guy Ritchie's 'plans for King Arthur franchise are dead' after the epic flops at the US box office on its opening weekend Released in the US on Friday Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Why the rush? Monochrome Natalie Imbruglia arrives in Dublin sporting on-trend mismatched earrings as she hurries to her concert 'This was a long time coming': Today's Hoda Kotb gushes about her first Mother's Day as new mom to three-month-old daughter Haley Lily-Rose Depp swaps her usual glamour for a simple grey jumper and sports trainers as she arrives in France ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Reunited! La La and Carmelo Anthony keep their heads down as they take son out for frozen yogurt in NYC after scandal ended their marriage Upstaging the bride! Jessica Simpson lets her cleavage do the talking as she takes husband to friend's wedding in Palm Springs Sexy look for nuptials Let your shirt do the talking! Ditch your plain white tees in favor of slogan t-shirts that make a statement - as seen on Beyoncé and Karlie Kloss 'Everything happened for the right reason': Miley Cyrus reflects on what went wrong with Liam Hemsworth the first time Things seem good now Alex Rodriguez skips Derek Jeter's jersey retirement ceremony at Yankee Stadium to go out for a dinner date with girlfriend Jennifer Lopez David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley arrested for DUI 'after PASSING OUT behind the wheel on Los Angeles freeway' Driving white Mercedes  PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was found hanged at his home Ex wife of DJ Fatboy Slim Lady Gaga revives her unique fashion sense as she flashes skin in a quirky ruffled jump suit after spending weeks focused on serious new film role  'Can we watch something good?' Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum's little girl Everly not a fan of Step Up even though her parents fell in love on set of the film  One hot mama! Lara Bingle flaunts slender post-baby body in high-cut swimsuit just six months after giving birth to son Racer Married to actor Sam Worthington Must have been a Hilaria-ous joke: Alec Baldwin and his wife laugh it up during morning stroll in New York City Pair looked very happy Right royal stitch-up: Bafta jury FULL of BBC loyalists is accused of bias after awards snub for The Crown The popular Netflix drama Former NBA player Drew Gooden graduates from the University of Kansas 15 years after he left to play professional basketball He earned his bachelor's degree Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' 'When you're playing a character, you can't play it from hate': Lorne Michaels on why he didn't cast Rosie O'Donnell as Steve Bannon Sibling rivalry! Beyonce leads the nominations for the 2017 BET Awards with seven nods... and will vie with sister Solange for Album of the Year Still got it! David Hasselhoff, 64, displays buff figure as he spends day at the beach with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37... after his daughter is arrested for DUI in LA Pictured: Kylie Jenner's 'boyfriend' Travis Scott in mug shot after being arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at Arkansas concert Relaxed singer Ellie Goulding keeps comfortable and cool in grungy tracksuit and silver sneakers as she jets home to London  from Barcelona Mandy Moore dazzles in lacy skirt as she leads This Is Us cast at NBC event... and surprises delighted fans in emotional new promo for season two American Idol vet Chris Daughtry 'will join the ABC reboot as a judge'... after claims Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest may come on board too Excitement buildin Prince William follows in his mother's footsteps by privately spending time at a homeless charity 23 years after visiting with Diana and Harry Thanks a bunch, Mom! Make-up free Dakota Johnson stops to collect flowers on Mother's Day Melanie Griffith 's daughter was spotted at an LA grocery store One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' First look: Penelope Cruz transforms into Donatella with a blonde wig and plenty of make-up on set of Gianni Versace biopic Stunning makeup  'That's what really freaks me out': Bella Hadid reveals she has sleepless nights worrying about when her modelling career will end 'Everything's as if we never said goodbye': Will & Grace make a real song and dance about show reboot in playful teaser released by NBC Went off the air in 2006 All that material and it barely covers her body! Jennifer Lopez flashes cleavage and a lot of leg in satin gown at NBC event after hot A-Rod date Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Close to Brad and Jen Wladimir Klitschko spends time with daughter Kaya as he contemplates rematch with Anthony Joshua after boxing defeat... but where's Hayden? 'You almost feel like a war profiteer': SNL cast opens up about Trump administration helping drive show to the highest ratings in 23 years Lily Collins flashes a hint of leg in sheer leggings as she swamps model frame in stylish bomber jacket  Spotted visiting a wax salon in Beverly Hills Piling on the PDAs! Ashley Greene gives fiance Paul Khoury a sweet kiss as she models Swedish braids at LA street market Strolled hand-in-hand  'Never thought I could be this happy': Rob Kardashian shocks fans by posting gushy video for baby mama Blac Chyna after a series of public fights Antonio Sabato Jr's estranged wife Cheryl Marie claims he has a drug addiction... as he launches run for Congress She's talking about him Never-before-seen photograph of 15-year-old David Bowie playing saxophone in his first band is tipped to sell for just $100 as it's unearthed after 55 years Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day Jam packed day for the close-knit pair First photo: Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons shares image from his wedding to beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at New York City's Rainbow Room As Elle Fanning shows off scarlet lipstick and mile-long lashes in a new campaign for L'Oréal Paris, we revisit her out-of-the-box beauty looks She's loved! Jessica Biel glows at NBC event in New York City after husband Justin Timberlake shared gushy Instagram post about her 'grace' Elon Musk's ex-wife, the actress Talulah Riley, slams feminist Harry Potter star Emma Watson over her 'confusing' campaign for gender equality Fired Sports Center anchor Sara Walsh opens up about her struggle to get pregnant and how she suffered three miscarriages - including one on air Kate Moss poses TOPLESS alongside a shirtless male model as she shows off items from her first ever jewelery line  Eeye-popping photos Ravishing in red! Nikki Bella stuns in sexy dress as she flashes new diamond engagement ring from fiance John Cena at NBC event Future wishes ex Ciara a happy Mother's Day after her husband Russell Wilson's controversial post Exes have stormy past but seem amicable now A new job! Bethenny Frankel, 46, looks youthful at NBC event as it's announced the RHONY vet will be joining Shark Tank Successful at business  Action man Tom Cruise waves at fans while rehearing high-octane Mission Impossible 6 stunt sequence in Paris Shooting speedboat scenes in French capital Rapper KRS-One apologizes after mistakenly paying tribute to the WRONG Beastie Boy in song about deceased hip-hop stars Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' 'She is unable to walk or get out of bed because the pain': Olivia Newton-John's said to be battling crippling sciatica... as she 'fears for wayward daughter'  Intergalactic Gigi! Hadid blasts off for futuristic photoshoot... as she opens up about 'nerve-wracking' runway work Modeling causes anxiety 'Time flies!': Ex-Spice Girl Geri Horner shares sweet throwback snap from her wedding day as she and husband Christian celebrate their second anniversary  Howard Stern is back on the air following a bout with the flu just days after fans grew worried when Sirius star took his first day off EVER EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and the writing could be 'duplicated' Bumping along! Pregnant Heidi Montag shows off her burgeoning baby belly as she runs errands in Los Angeles Former The Hills star Mix 'n' Match! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel rock stylish coats and shades as they head out to brunch in New York City on Mother's Day 'We now have five!' Game Of Thrones creator George R R Martin reveals multiple spin-offs are in development for the mega-successful show 'There's no one stronger, smarter, and more determined': Bristol Palin posts Mother's Day tribute to mom Sarah as she celebrates with family Andy Cohen adds Steve Harvey doorbell to his dressing room to mock comedian's memo telling employees to stop speaking to him at work Johnny Depp to play John McAfee in 'dark comedy' about antivirus software inventor's time hiding from a murder charge in the jungles of Belize 'It's all happening!': Katy Perry announces new album Witness will be released in early June followed by a US tour Also in talks for 'Idol' Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles Married for almost 50 years and had two kids Miss conservative! Nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA That's her boy! Angelina Jolie rocks chic LBD as she spends Mother's Day with 13-year-old son Pax  Spotted at LA's Beauty & Essex restaurant Monica Bellucci, 52, exudes timeless elegance in a plunging jumpsuit as she displays her amazing figure at Nice Airport ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Baby wipes made by Jessica Alba's Honest Company recalled over concerns about mold Actress' company makes move voluntarily out of 'abundance of caution' Playful Heidi Klum wears cute Minnie Mouse ears as she enjoys blissful Mother's Day outing to Disneyland with her children 'You take my breath away': Proud mom Kate Beckinsale posts gushing tribute to lookalike daughter Lily, 18, on her prom night Wore striking red dress Why The Cad is STILL haunted by Princess Diana: As James Hewitt fights for his life after a heart attack and stroke, the author he confided in reveals his secrets Kaya Scodelario wears sequin dress as she joins co-stars Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom and Javier Bardem in Paris to promote new Pirates of Caribbean film 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle Little People, Big World couple's baby weighed in at 9lbs 1oz  'We're still friends!' Jenna Dewan confirms she used to date her 'sexy' former boss Justin Timberlake Spilled beans on Watch What Happens Live     DON'T MISS 'I'm a f**ked up, horrible sex addict': Scott Disick admits he has a problem after being branded 'disrespectful' by his ex Kourtney Kardashian Très chic! As Cannes Film Festival kicks off on Wednesday, FEMAIL takes a look back at the most memorable red carpet ensembles from festivals past The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant Christie's Auction House accused of botching sale Orlando Bloom's mother denies her son is racist as she admits phoning a gipsy association to apologize after he used offensive word on radio show Two good! Derek Jeter takes the field at Yankee Stadium with his pregnant wife to see his number retired three years after he left the game Their reign is over! Scream Queens with Emma Roberts and Lea Michele has been canceled by Fox The announcement was made on Monday  Kelly Rohrbach ditches her iconic red swimsuit for a chic white bandeau dress as she attends Baywatch photo call in Miami All white on the night Plastic fantastic! Instagram model Pia Muehlenbeck looks nothing like her old modelling photos as she flaunts VERY taut features  'Best Mother's Day EVER'! Friendly exes Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin enjoy a day out at the Museum Of Ice Cream in LA with Apple and Moses  Princess Anne's son-in-law Mike Tindall reveals how he and wife Zara were comforted by their three-year-old daughter as he talks about their miscarriage  Glee's Matthew Morrison reveals wife is very supportive when it comes to shooting sex scenes... as he talks about 'intimate moment' with Cara Delevingne 'Let's honor dad's too!' Drew Barrymore pays tribute to 'awesome' ex Will Kopelman on Mother's Day On good terms with former husband Pink-clad Katy Perry treats her mother Mary to the Museum of Ice Cream... after teasing new single The pop diva wore a baby-pink maxi-skirt Earning his Dad Points! Orlando Bloom reveals going back to Pirates Of The Caribbean franchise gained him some serious kudos with his six-year-old son Flynn Slim Kim Kardashian celebrates Mother's Day with Kris Jenner and grandma Mary Jo Campbell before jetting out of LA with sister Khloe 'You are our strength': Kim Kardashian shares gushing social media tribute to mother Kris Jenner in a series of sentimental Instagram posts on Mother's Day B**** better have my pants: Rihanna wears leotard with leather chap boots which reveal a glimpse of her derriere as she storms stage in Milan James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Bikini face off! Emily Ratajkowski and her mother Kathleen pose side-by-side in two pieces as they hang out by the pool in Mother's Day post Billie Lourd endures first Mother's Day without mom Carrie Fisher as she shares touching snap from her childhood Died in December 'Please be kind to me!' Naked Diet chef Tess Ward pleads with Harry Styles' fans to go easy on her as relationship with pop heartthrob heats up Victoria Beckham flashes a rare smile in perfectly co-ordinated blue ensemble at airport as she labels herself a 'control freak' Full of the joys of spring Jennifer Lopez celebrates Mother's Day with her twins ...before heading out for date night with new beau Alex Rodriguez Ab-flashing Lady Gaga rocks two quirky eye-catching looks as she bonds with sartorially savvy mom Cynthia on Mother's Day in New York 'I am not ashamed of my body': Chloe Lattanzi breaks her silence after trainwreck TV interview... as she is trolled for 'looking like a porn star' 'There is no bigger love that I have ever experienced': Gisele Bundchen posts sweet tribute to her children and her mom for Mother's Day 'My life is too big': Phaedra Parks trash talks Kandi Burruss in RHOA: Secrets Revealed filmed before reported firing Drama on the show Mariah Carey displays her ample cleavage in plunging tuxedo mini dress as she celebrates Mother's Day with her ex Nick Cannon and children in Malibu Back in black! Ariel Winter looks fetching in strapless mini dress after celebrating her six month anniversary with Levi Meaden Alluring Instagram post 'She raised me to be the woman I am today': Ariel Winter pays homage to older sister on Mother's Day after infamous falling out with her mom Mega budget King Arthur flops with $14 million opening as Guardians Of The Galaxy continues to dominate the box office Not as expected Megan Fox dresses down in sweats for a Mother's Day lunch out in Malibu with husband Brian Austin Green and their nine-month-old son Journey 'I marvel at you': Justin Timberlake 'bows down' to Jessica Biel in heartfelt Mother's Day message They have been married since October 2012 WAGS Miami stunner Ashley Nicole Roberts and NFL veteran Philip Wheeler marry in Curacao Wed at sunset in front of 100 loved ones A sheer delight! Pamela Anderson, 49, looks half her age as she models see-through top and tiny shorts after Baywatch premiere in Miami 'She told me I was beautiful when we shaved my head': Shannen Doherty makes emotional Mother's Day post as she recovers from cancer Miss USA co-hosts Ashley Graham and Julianne Hough dazzle the pageant... before Kara McCullough's win Crowned Italian-born Kára McCullough, 25 They're having a baby! Comedian Kevin Hart reveals his wife Eniko Parrish is pregnant with a boy Made the announcement on social media Sunday Is that a French kiss? Amber Rose frolics with Montana in black lacy in a very sexy fishnet one-piece as they hit the beach in Miami Flirting friends Britney Spears cuddles sister Jaime Lynn and mom Lynne in heartwarming throwback snap for Mother's Day Touching post Crown Princess Mary 'BANNED from seeing her best friend' Caroline Fleming because her 'party lifestyle is a bad look for a future queen' 'Told she has to cut ties' Jennifer Lawrence offers up her heart in new poster for upcoming horror film Mother!...which was directed by her older beau Darren Aronofsky Miami heat! Bikini-clad Quantico star Priyanka Chopra spends Mother's Day with friends at the beach after Baywatch premiere Kept herself covered 'It's not too late to sue!' Will Ferrell remembers accidentally punching Ellen DeGeneres in the face during SNL rehearsal Bruising confession Practically perfect in every way! Lin-Manuel Miranda displays his vocal prowess on a bike as he and Emily Blunt resume filming for Mary Poppins sequel  Dark horse: Katy Perry 'set to become new American Idol anchor judge as deal is almost finalized' Been in negotiations as show set for comeback 'I don't have anything to protect myself': 50 Cent's caretaker begs police to hurry in panicked 911 call during raid on Connecticut mansion Undercover lunch! Jay Z sneaks out the back door with pregnant Beyonce and Blue Ivy after treating them to a meal on Mother's Day Low-key lunch 'I'm 50, and I'm working more than ever!': Ageless beauty Salma Hayek sizzles for photo shoot as she says roles are 'richer' now Looked gorgeous  'Feeling blessed': Jessica Alba gushes over Mother's Day party as she celebrates with her two kids and doting husband Cash Celebrated in style I 'would be lucky to be half as magical as you': Kesha pays warm Mother's Day tribute to mother Pebe Sebert Posted an essay detailing her upbringing Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa is seen wakeboarding in Arizona with Christina look-alike after he took a dig at ex on social media Passive aggressive post 'I'm just super anxious': Kim Kardashian testifies against robbers who were 'following' her on KUWTK Was a nervous wreck Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart suffers a Marilyn moment in pink mini dress with sexy cut-outs at the waist as she attends premiere in Miami Jaden and Willow Smith enjoy Mother's Day meal at Nobu in Malibu with their mom Jada Pinkett-Smith and grandmother Adrienne Banfield-Jones Shades of gray! Crown Princess Victoria is impeccably co-ordinated in head-to-toe neutrals as she visits Sweden's science academy Stylish mom-of-two is 39 'I was completely broken': Camila Cabello reveals 'dark time' 'full of pain' that led to split from Fifth Harmony as she announces first single Lena Dunham is working out to manage her anxiety and not to look like a sex symbol, says trainer Tracy Anderson Is practicing yoga  Honor thy mother! Jennifer Garner brings her children to church on Mother's Day... a month after divorce filing from Ben Affleck She was beaming Ciara shares sweet video of son Future smelling a rose with Russell Wilson...after quarterback was slammed for Mother's day note No Champagne, Papi! Drake chaperones his cousin and her date at high school prom and hosts afterparty for school friends Caring cousin 'I went to rehab': SNL star Pete Davidson playfully talks receiving treatment... two months after admitting he 'quit drugs' Gave the update on SNL 'Don't be jealous': Chrissy Teigen strips down to her underwear to get a lower back tattoo with a stranger after John Legend danced with a woman Fit for a princess! The Crown's Vanessa Kirby dazzles in ethereal Bardot evening gown at on red carpet in London... amid Tom Cruise romance rumors Clip it low! Christina Milian flaunts bountiful bust in unbuttoned blouse as she goes Mother's Day shopping Looked like she was having a great time Sealed with a kiss! Mustachioed David Hasselhoff, 64, is caught in a passionate embrace with fiancee Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Seven years together She's glowing! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley nails maternity chic in pretty Bardot dress as she steps out in Malibu Expecting her first child Khloe Kardashian gushes over Australian mother-of-two who has been named as the latest model in her denim line's 'Good Squad' Going strong! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs have a laugh as they celebrate his 31st birthday with pals in LA Arrived to join friends at Akasha restaurant 'Everyone should just be who they want to be': Harry Styles reveals he has never labelled his sexuality... and teases friendship with ex Taylor Swift Hands-on mama! Anne Hathaway rings in Mother's Day with son Jonathan and husband Adam Shulman during flea market shopping trip What a relief! Twitter restaurant critic Cat Deeley is happy after Mother's Day meal with son Milo and Patrick Kielty She looked chuffed 'I'm blessed!': Katie Holmes poses alongside daughter Suri for Mother's Day... as rumors continue to swirl she's serious with Jamie Foxx 'The kind of talent that he has': Tom Cruise gushes over working with Russell Crowe in The Mummy before revealing he did his own stunts in ZERO gravity A heartbreaking Mother's Day! RHONJ star Teresa Giudice shares photo of late mom on Mother's Day... as her husband Joe sits in prison The Dark Knight rises to the occasion! Christian Bale celebrates Mother's Day by treating wife Sibi and kids to breakfast in Brentwood 'That's my baby!' Jon Voight wishes formerly estranged daughter Angelina Jolie a happy Mother's Day Oscar-winning father-daughter duo 'Happy Mother's Day to the Queen! The boss!': Khloe Kardashian shares touching note for Kris Jenner after play date with Dream Momager 'The classic tomboy became a mum': Naomi Watts shares childhood photo of herself alongside school snaps of her lookalike sons in Mother's Day post In no mood to smile! Hilaria Baldwin appears to be in gloomy spirits as she strolls in NYC with Alec and their three kids on Mother's Day Family day out 'No-one wants them crossing paths': Exes Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise face potential reunion with the pair scheduled to be Down Under at same time 'So happy we are back in touch': Elton John, 70, wishes mom Sheila, 92, a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement Famously reconciled Love and Hip Hop reality star Tommie Lee is kicked off Delta flight in Atlanta after she 'refused to give up her glass of wine' Headed to Miami  Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct Hauled off the stage  Night out! Alessandra Ambrosio slips on skintight leather bottoms with fringed poncho for dinner with her gal pals at Nobu in Malibu Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned tummy as she holds hands with boyfriend Zayn Malik before posting sweet Mother's Day tribute 'Always know how grateful I am to be your mom!': Reese Witherspoon shares rare photo with all three of her kids on Mother's Day Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in a silver flapper-inspired beaded gown at the opening of plush Bodrum Hotel in Turkey Showstopper 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager Praise on Mother's Day  Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy as she makes a solo exit after partying with her rapper beau Rocky at a birthday bash in LA 'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 'seal the deal after she visits his family in Houston following whirlwind romance' Now Gwyneth Paltrow's site claims CUCUMBERS are dangerous: Goop faces backlash from nutritionists for claiming lectin causes dementia  Thandie Newton stuns in floor-length sequined lilac gown at the BAFTA TV Awards The 44-year-old sizzled as she attended the awards ceremony Cuba Gooding Jr mocks the Oscars mix-up when he announces Moonlight as a TV BAFTA winner... before handing the gong to Phoebe Waller-Bridge Leonardo DiCaprio spotted chatting with a mystery woman as he spends afternoon in Malibu without his supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks incredibly youthful as she hits charity event celebrating her late Charlie's Angels co-star Farrah Fawcett The 1970s sex symbol Walking Dead star Christian Serratos announces on Instagram she has given birth to her first child with boyfriend David Boyd Happy Mother's Day from Hollywood! Cindy Crawford kicks off celebrity tributes Cindy Crawford, 51, was one of the first, who shared an image  'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' Unconventional fashion fad 'So excited to celebrate my first Mother's Day!': Pregnant Heidi Pratt posts photo of her baby bump as she's now 18 weeks along NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter enjoys date night with pregnant wife Hannah Davis as he readies to retire his famous jersey  Special weekend  Liam Payne posts sweet Mother's Day message to Cheryl and his own mum... after admitting he needed convincing about naming his son Bear  'It's getting painful to watch rape so frequently': Joseph Fiennes and Elisabeth Moss shock viewers with controversial scene in The Handmaid's Tale Get knotted: Game of Thrones actress Emilia Clarke flashes a hint of her abs in tied-up shirt and white jeans as she heads to the cinema with a pal  Switcheroo! This Is Us will be moving from Tuesdays to Thursdays as NBC unveils its autumn schedule Sophomore season begins in the fall Fab in florals! Michelle Williams looks radiant in ornate cocktail dress at Louis Vuitton Resort 2018 show in Miho Museum in Japan Elaborately designed 'The greatest accomplishment of my life': Madonna posts stunning close-up photo of daughter Lourdes while praising her six kids See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  That's not very regal! The Crown star Claire Foy goes braless in dramatic dress as she competes for Best Actress prize at TV BAFTAs 2017 A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two Mother's Day tributes as she shares photo with her first husband instead Posted pic of Robert 'My Stormtrooper look': Gillian Anderson arrives at the TV BAFTAs on crutches in a floral gown after posting a picture of her foot in a cast The actress, 48, shone  Katy Perry SPITS OUT cherry pie she's fed on the Wango Tango red carpet ...but rewards herself with cake after sexy performance  Zooey Deschanel's TV show New Girl 'will be picked up for its seventh and final season' The show also stars Hannah Simone and Jake Johnson Engaged and pregnant! NFL star Robert Griffin III and girlfriend Grete Sadeiko break the news on Instagram as she flashes diamond ring Great news  Better luck next time! Model Nina Agdal cancels trip to Australia for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week due to issues with her working visa Flashing her tummy! Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca wears crop top to hit disco-themed birthday party in West Hollywood Studio 54 theme 'I love you!': Heidi Klum, 43, shares rare flashback photo with her mom Erna on Mother's Day... and they look nearly identical Black-and-white photo  'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy Are they the new One Direction? Boy band PRETTYMUCH leave Simon Cowell's Beverley Hills mansion following rumors they have been signed by the mogul Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson sizzle in sexy dresses at star-studded Baywatch premiere  Lady Louise Windsor, 13, looks every inch the young royal as she takes the reins (and she is growing more like mother Sophie every day) Payne in the neck! Liam 'christens' Niall Horan with bling by putting his favorite gold chain around pals neck after 1D boys poke fun at his jewelery choices Split! Fargo actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead announces she has separated from husband Riley Sterns after seven years of marriage Sad news  Jessica Gomes, 32, discusses her sex scene with Bruce Willis, 62... as she reveals her real-life romance with Xavier Samuel is getting serious Barry Manilow, 73, cancels two concerts on doctor's orders because of 'sprained vocal chords' 73-year-old singing legend Saturday Night Lively! Ryan Reynolds and wife Blake make surprise appearance on SNL... as host Melissa McCarthy gets her Five Timer jacket Relaxed Ellie Goulding indulges in a few glasses of champagne as she enjoys an al fresco lunch with friends in London Looked radiant  'I wear sunglasses and bucket loads of concealer because I'm up all night with the children': Victoria Beckham wears lip print line in Hong Kong Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch beachside premiere No swimsuits in sight David Beckham denies he is 'set to splash out $10 million on private island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' Crikey! The Irwin family swap khaki for glamour as they attend Beverly Hills Gala Dinner in honour of the late Crocodile Hunter Admirably continued Real housewife, great mom! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Lady Louise Windsor, 13, follows in the footsteps of her grandfather Prince Philip as they both drive carriages at the Royal Windsor Horse Show Tess-ting the waters? Naked Diet chef Ward is seen leaving Harry Styles' secret gig in London... as rumors of their new romance continue to swirl Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with pals 'I wish I'd known': Harry Styles admits he was unaware of former bandmate Zayn Malik's eating disorder and regrets not being able to help him Beautiful in blue! Freida Pinto is elegant in dark navy midi gown as she attends LGBT charity event in LA Actress looked stunning in a navy  Spanx for the memories: Leggy Katherine Jenkins reveals a little too much in her dress following final performance of Carousel A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA Ready for summer 'I ate a T-bone steak every night!': Kelly Rohrbach did NOT DIET but instead loaded up on protein due to intense workouts for Baywatch The 27-year-old beauty  Today's headlines Most Read You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing... Get it together! Top Republicans tell the White House to stop its 'downward spiral' as they demand a 'full... Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on... Has Pirates been pirated? Hackers threaten to release stolen upcoming Disney blockbuster unless studio pays... Three 'burglars' are killed after crashing their car into a pond during a high-speed police chase after... University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating... White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is... United changes its secret cockpit-door access codes after they were accidentally leaked online Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day... Latin Kings gang member is sentenced to 49 years after stabbing beating his transgender girlfriend to death... Teacher resigns after penning a letter to the school paper quoting a Bible verse saying gay people 'deserve... Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her... Wife 'hired a hitman who shot her husband dead for a $900K life insurance policy after her plot to poison... Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars... Horrifying security footage shows the moment a private jet carrying two people crashed and exploded into... How simply looking at pictures can make you feel itchy, cold, tired or dizzy: If you don't believe us try... 'You hesitate, you die': Oklahoma cop says her police training was running through her mind as she shot dead... Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a... What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will... 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to... Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police shoot dead a fleeing suspect after he appears to point... Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize... The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the moment a Navy trainee was sucked into the engine of a... Ohio police officer nearly dies after accidentally overdosing on fentanyl during drug-related traffic stop Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted... 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men... Award-winning crime reporter Javier Valdez is gunned down in Mexico's violent Sinaloa state as wave of... Assad's murder machine: Syria has executed thousands of prisoners - mostly civilians opposed to the... MORE HEADLINES Thailand threatens to prosecute Facebook for running a video of the country's heavily tattooed king walking through a shopping mall in a tiny yellow crop-top  Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a baseball bat and bound by masked robbers at his home Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband National Security Advisor McMaster DENIES Trump leaked ‘highly classified’ information to the Russians about ISIS laptop threat during Oval Office meeting – the day after he fired FBI director Comey Student left with horrific scars after trying to remove tattoo by PEELING ink from her skin in laser-free method that left her in 'torturous pain' Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars and art and both her sons following her husband’s $65bn Ponzi scheme  'I need to take a shower': What President's counselor said after she had finished defending Trump, according to Morning Joe hosts who claim she secretly hates her boss and is just after the money  Jilted boyfriend gang-rapes ex-girlfriend with six other men then drives a car over her head to stop her being identified before leaving her for dogs to eat in India  EXCLUSIVE: How Hollywood's greatest leading man Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and relied on 100 experimental LSD trips to cope after learning that his missing mother was in an insane asylum It pays to know the First Kid: Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' Assad's murder machine: Syria has executed thousands of prisoners - mostly civilians opposed to the government - and burned the dead bodies in a giant crematorium, US administration claims Mysterious sea creature that washed up on an Indonesian beach was a decomposing baleen whale, scientists reveal  Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day before stabbing an employee' Outraged conservatives on social media call for boycott of ABC after TV network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen Putin tells the West to ‘stop intimidating NORTH KOREA’: Astonishing comment just hours after Kim Jong-un launches ‘nuclear-capable’ missile  Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day North Korean hacking group is thought to be behind cyber attack which wreaked havoc across the globe You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing the first punch British backpacker, 26, accidentally hanged herself in a Thai apartment to 'frighten' her boyfriend after a 'silly row', inquest told University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating top of her class Heart-breaking moment a whimpering toddler is pulled from a scorching hot car over an hour after her father was shot dead in front of her, as homicide rates in Baltimore reach 'crisis point' The end of the Old West in color: Stunning images show people still traveling by horse and cart, water pulled from old wells and families enjoying county fairs as the 20th Century took grip Model home! Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Ohio police officer nearly dies after accidentally overdosing on fentanyl during drug-related traffic stop One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' 'This is the great negotiator?' Donald cheerleader Ann Coulter admits she's frightened that the Trump-haters were right after his 'joke' budget - and says his hiring Ivanka and Jared Kushner was 'fascist' White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is downgraded from first class while her friend was allowed to stay MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo outbreak Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Top News | Mon May 15, 2017 | 8:24am IST WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo outbreak By Aaron Ross | KINSHASA KINSHASA The World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed on Sunday a second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Health officials are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic, WHO's Congo spokesman Eugene Kabambi said. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases, he added. It was not immediately clear how the first victim, a deceased male, caught the virus, although past outbreaks have been linked to contact with infected bush meat such as apes. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. However, Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government on the matter. (Reporting by Aaron Ross; Writing by Emma Farge; Editing by Louise Ireland and Gareth Jones) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Top News Monsoon rains to arrive on southern Kerala coast on May 30 - IMD source NEW DELHI India's monsoon rains are expected to arrive on the southern Kerala coast on May 30, two days ahead of schedule, a weather office source said on Tuesday. Afghan forces retake district near northern city of Kunduz KABUL Afghan security forces have regained control of a district centre close to the northern city of Kunduz that fell to Taliban insurgents earlier this month, officials said on Tuesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Homes of ex-finance minister Chidambaram, son searched in criminal probe Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
