Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FDA Approves Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for Certain Patients with Locally Advanced or Metastatic Urothelial Carcinoma, a Type of Bladder Cancer KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved two new indications for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, for certain patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, a type of bladder cancer. In the first-line setting, KEYTRUDA is now approved for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are ineligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In the second-line setting, KEYTRUDA is now approved for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. KEYTRUDA is approved for use in these indications at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred with KEYTRUDA including pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, and nephritis. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, KEYTRUDA should be withheld or discontinued and corticosteroids administered if appropriate. KEYTRUDA can also cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions; for Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Female patients of reproductive potential should be advised of the potential hazard to a fetus. For more information regarding immune-mediated and infusion-related adverse reactions and use in pregnancy, see “Selected Important Safety Information” below. “KEYTRUDA is now available for use as a first-line treatment option for patients with advanced urothelial bladder cancer who are not eligible for the standard of care, cisplatin-based chemotherapy,” said Dean F. Bajorin, M.D., study investigator and medical oncologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. “With the second-line indication, KEYTRUDA also provides a new option for patients with advanced urothelial bladder cancer – and is the only anti-PD-1 therapy to show an overall survival benefit versus chemotherapy in a phase 3 study.” “These two indications mark important additions to the growing list of tumors and treatment settings for which KEYTRUDA is now approved. This FDA approval further demonstrates Merck’s commitment to help improve the lives of patients with many types of advanced cancer,” said Dr. Roger M. Perlmutter, president, Merck Research Laboratories. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in nearly 500 clinical trials, including more than 250 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. Currently, Merck has the largest immuno-oncology clinical development program in bladder cancer, with 29 trials underway involving KEYTRUDA as monotherapy and in combination, including four registration-enabling studies. Data Supporting First-Line Cisplatin-Ineligible Approval The first-line approval is based on data from a multicenter, open-label, single-arm trial, KEYNOTE-052, investigating KEYTRUDA in 370 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who were not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. Patients with autoimmune disease or medical conditions that required systemic corticosteroids or other immunosuppressive medication were excluded from the trial. Patients received KEYTRUDA at a dose of 200 mg every three weeks until unacceptable toxicity or disease progression; patients without disease progression could be treated for up to 24 months. The major efficacy outcome measures were objective response rate (ORR), according to the Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) 1.1, as assessed by independent radiology review, and duration of response. The efficacy analysis showed an ORR of 29 percent (95% CI: 24, 34), with a complete response rate of 7 percent and a partial response rate of 22 percent. The median duration of response had not been reached (range: 1.4+ to 17.8+ months). The median follow-up time was 7.8 months. In KEYNOTE-052, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 11 percent of patients. The most common adverse reactions (in ≥ 20% of patients) were fatigue (38%), musculoskeletal pain (24%), decreased appetite (22%), constipation (21%), rash (21%) and diarrhea (20%). Eighteen patients (5%) died from causes other than disease progression. Five patients (1.4%) who were treated with KEYTRUDA experienced sepsis which led to death, and three patients (0.8%) experienced pneumonia which led to death. Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 22 percent of patients; the most common (≥1%) were liver enzyme increase, diarrhea, urinary tract infection, acute kidney injury, fatigue, joint pain, and pneumonia. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 42 percent of patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, hematuria, acute kidney injury, pneumonia, and urosepsis. Data Supporting Second-Line Post-Platinum Failure Approval The second-line approval is based on data from a multicenter, randomized, active-controlled trial, KEYNOTE-045, investigating KEYTRUDA in patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with autoimmune disease or a medical condition that required immunosuppression were excluded from the trial. Patients were randomized to receive either KEYTRUDA 200 mg every three weeks (n=270) or investigator’s choice of any of the following chemotherapy regimens, all given intravenously, every three weeks (n=272): paclitaxel 175 mg/m2 (n=84), docetaxel 75 mg/m2 (n=84), or vinflunine 320 mg/m2 (n=87). Treatment continued until unacceptable toxicity or disease progression; patients without disease progression could be treated for up to 24 months. The major efficacy outcomes were overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS), as assessed by a blinded independent central review (BICR) per RECIST 1.1; additional efficacy outcome measures were ORR, as assessed by BICR per RECIST 1.1, and duration of response. KEYTRUDA demonstrated superior OS compared to chemotherapy. Findings demonstrated that KEYTRUDA resulted in a 27 percent reduction in the risk of death compared to chemotherapy – with 155 events (57%) observed in the KEYTRUDA arm, compared to 179 events (66%) in the chemotherapy arm (HR, 0.73 [95% CI: 0.59, 0.91], p=0.004); the median OS was 10.3 months (95% CI: 8.0, 11.8) in the KEYTRUDA arm, compared to 7.4 months (95% CI: 6.1, 8.3) in the chemotherapy arm. In October 2016, the study was stopped early at the recommendation of an independent Data Monitoring Committee following an interim analysis that showed KEYTRUDA met the superiority thresholds for OS in the overall study population. There was no statistically significant difference between KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) and chemotherapy with respect to PFS. There were 218 events (81%) observed in the KEYTRUDA arm, compared to 219 events (81%) in the chemotherapy arm (HR, 0.98 [95% CI: 0.81, 1.19], p=0.833). The median PFS was 2.1 months (95% CI: 2.0, 2.2) in the KEYTRUDA arm, compared to 3.3 months (95% CI: 2.3, 3.5) in the chemotherapy arm. Analysis of the ORR endpoint showed a statistically significant improvement with KEYTRUDA, as compared to chemotherapy. The ORR was 21 percent (95% CI: 16, 27) in the KEYTRUDA arm (with a complete response rate of 7 percent and a partial response rate of 14 percent), compared to 11 percent (95% CI: 8, 16) in the chemotherapy arm (with a complete response rate of 3 percent and a partial response rate of 8 percent) (p=0.002). The median duration of response for patients treated with KEYTRUDA had not yet been reached (range: 1.6+ to 15.6+ months), compared to 4.3 months (range: 1.4+ to 15.4+ months) in the chemotherapy arm. The median follow-up time for this trial was 9.0 months. In KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in eight percent of patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.9%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 20 percent of patients; the most common (≥1%) were urinary tract infection (1.5%), diarrhea (1.5%), and colitis (1.1%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients who received KEYTRUDA versus those who received chemotherapy were fatigue (38% vs 56%), musculoskeletal pain (32% vs 27%), pruritus (23% vs 6%), decreased appetite (21% vs 21%), nausea (21% vs 29%) and rash (20% vs 13%). Serious adverse reactions occurred in 39 percent of KEYTRUDA-treated patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, pneumonia, anemia, and pneumonitis. About KEYTRUDA ®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with nearly 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single-dose vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Urothelial Carcinoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who are not eligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. KEYTRUDA is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy or within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. In locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA ®  (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including cHL, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider the benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, including hypersensitivity and anaphylaxis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor-blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-052, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 11 percent of 370 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reactions (in ≥ 20% of patients) were fatigue (38%), musculoskeletal pain (24%), decreased appetite (22%), constipation (21%), rash (21%) and diarrhea (20%). Eighteen patients (5%) died from causes other than disease progression. Five patients (1.4%) who were treated with KEYTRUDA experienced sepsis which led to death, and 3 patients (0.8%) experienced pneumonia which led to death. Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 22% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were liver enzyme increase, diarrhea, urinary tract infection, acute kidney injury, fatigue, joint pain, and pneumonia. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 42 percent of patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, hematuria, acute kidney injury, pneumonia, and urosepsis. In KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8 percent of 266 patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma. The most common adverse reaction resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.9%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 20% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were urinary tract infection (1.5%), diarrhea (1.5%), and colitis (1.1%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients who received KEYTRUDA versus those who received chemotherapy were fatigue (38% vs 56%), musculoskeletal pain (32% vs 27%), pruritus (23% vs 6%), decreased appetite (21% vs 21%), nausea (21% vs 29%) and rash (20% vs 13%). Serious adverse reactions occurred in 39 percent of KEYTRUDA-treated patients, the most frequent (≥2%) of which were urinary tract infection, pneumonia, anemia, and pneumonitis. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes nearly 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For over a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be on the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mitsubishi Electric, Nokia Bell Labs, UC San Diego Develop World’s First Ultra-Fast GaN Envelope-tracking Power Amplifier for Next-generation Wireless Base Stations Next PostNext Five Below, Inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call Search Recent Posts Brooks Automation to Present at the B. Riley & Co. 18th Annual Investor Conference Mitsubishi Electric, Nokia Bell Labs, UC San Diego Develop World’s First Ultra-Fast GaN Envelope-tracking Power Amplifier for Next-generation Wireless Base Stations Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Five Below, Inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call FDA Approves Merck’s KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for Certain Patients with Locally Advanced or Metastatic Urothelial Carcinoma, a Type of Bladder Cancer Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Technology Conference Spotlights Drug Giant Donnybrooks In Cancer Treatments Drug companies are battling with each other to find new cancer treatments. (wavebreakmedia/Shutterstock) ALLISON GATLIN 5/18/2017 Reprints Eli Lilly (LLY), Pfizer (PFE) and Novartis (NVS) are pitted in the battle to treat breast cancer, but Wall Street struggled Thursday to compare the effectiveness of their drugs after Lilly unveiled new data. All three drugs belong to a class called CDK4/6, which work to inhibit specific proteins to prevent the over-proliferation of cancer cells. Pfizer's Ibrance was the first approved in this area. But Novartis' Kisqali grabbed approval this year and Lilly's abemaciclib looks promising. In a Phase 2 trial, Lilly's abemaciclib, combined with chemotherapy, increased progression-free survival to a median 16.4 months vs. 9.3 months for a placebo-chemo combo. Hazard ratio, which measures the likelihood of death, was 0.55. Pfizer's drug Ibrance was combined with chemo in an earlier trial. The combo had a lower hazard ratio at 0.46 — meaning there was a lower risk of death — but it only extended progression-free survival to a median 9.5 months vs. 4.6 months in placebo combo. Comparing the two boils down to which Wall Street sees as a "better" effectiveness metric, Evercore analyst Umer Raffat wrote in a report. He notes that the trials studied different populations of breast cancer patients, making an apples-to-apples comparison tricky. Still, diarrhea remains a concern for Lilly's abemaciclib — 86.4% of patients experienced diarrhea vs. 24.7% of patients on the placebo-chemo combination. Lilly advises patients to begin an anti-diarrheal medicine at the first sign of diarrhea. IBD'S TAKE: Want to keep tabs on the market during the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting next month? Bookmark IBD's Biotech And Pharma Industry And Stock News page. The results were presented late Wednesday ahead of the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in June in Chicago. Other abstracts uploaded Wednesday include those from Merck (MRK), Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY), Roche (RHHBY), Tesaro (TSRO), Regeneron (REGN) and Sanofi (SNY). Merck Cements Its Role Incyte (INCY) stock spiked to a month-high Thursday after its epacadostat proved effective in combos with Merck's Keytruda and Bristol's Opdivo, outdoing Roche's Tecentriq with NewLink Genetics' (NLNK) rival to epacadostat. But that wasn't Merck's only note of interest. Merck also offered a pair of updates in its "famous" trial, dubbed Keynote-024, which has found that Keytruda is better than chemo as a first treatment for advanced lung cancer. The hazard ratio for Keytruda dropped to 0.69 from 0.9, Merck said. Although this is "not statistically significant, the favorable trend may have helped them in recent FDA approval," Evercore's Raffat said in a note. Merck's Keytruda and Bristol's Opdivo are what's known as immuno-oncology drugs. They work to block the interaction between a PD-1 protein on an immune system cell and a PD-L1 protein on a cancer cell to help the immune system identify the cancer. In its Keynote-024 trial, Merck also found lung-cancer patients treated with Keytruda in their initial round saw continued benefit from Keytruda in the second round if the cancer progressed. This cements "the role for PD-1 (inhibitors) in first-line (treatment) even further," Raffat said. Skin Cancer Drug Shows Promise In a Phase 1 trial, Regeneron and Sanofi found their PD-1 drug, known as REGN-2810, had a benefit rate of 52% for patients with a common form of skin cancer. The drug had a 70% control rate, "which is very encouraging in this disease setting," Leerink analyst Geoffrey Porges said. The American Cancer Society estimates that 5.4 million patients are diagnosed with and 20,000 die of basal and squamous cell skin cancers each year in the U.S. Longer term, there might be potential for REGN-2810 to treat patients with advanced, but not necessarily fatal, skin cancers. Of the 26 patients enrolled in Regeneron/Sanofi's trial, one showed a complete response of 19 months — meaning all discernible signs of cancer disappeared. Porges kept his outperform rating on Regeneron stock. Tesaro Highlights Breast, Ovarian Cancers Though there was "little of note" in Tesaro's abstract ahead of the conference, Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez says the most interesting data presented next month will be a combination trial of Tesaro's Zejula and Merck's Keytruda in breast and ovarian cancer. Zejula competes vs. AstraZeneca (AZN) and Clovis Oncology (CLVS) in a class of drugs called PARP inhibitors which works to block a specific enzyme to treat ovarian cancer. PARP inhibitors are currently being investigated in breast cancer as well. Combining a PARP inhibitor and an immuno-oncology drug like Merck's Keytruda is thought to be more potent in treating cancer. Tesaro is also looking at Zejula plus a PD-1, like Keytruda, in advanced lung cancer. The company is slated to present data from a dozen patients treated with Zejula and Keytruda. Fernandez notes that the bar is fairly low to outperform. Alone, PD-1 inhibitors have a 10%-15% response rate in this group of patients. PARP inhibitors have a mid-20% response rate. "Although recently published data from a small trial of AstraZeneca's Imfinzi (a PD-L1 inhibitor) plus Lynparza (a PARP inhibitor) showed a somewhat disappointing 17% response rate in 10 ovarian cancer patients, Tesaro believes the combination of a PD-1 antibody plus Zejula will be superior," Fernandez said. RELATED: Incyte Teams Up With Dow's Merck To Trounce Roche In Cancer Did AstraZeneca Rival Just Launch A Potential Blockbuster Drug? ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news Incyte Teams Up With Dow's Merck To Trounce Roche In Cancer 5/18/2017 Incyte stock popped to a month-high Thursday after its immuno-oncology drug proved effective in matchups with Merck's Keytruda and Bristol's... 5/18/2017 Incyte stock popped to a month-high Thursday after its immuno-oncology... Merck's Immuno-Oncology Star Tacks On 2 New Bladder Cancer Approvals Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Biotech And Pharma Industry And Stock News Lilly Could Grab Diabetes Share From Dow's J&J On Amputation Woes Dow's Pfizer, Eli Lilly Topple To 3-Month Lows On Downgrades Yum Brands, Intuitive Surgical Called Buys; Pfizer Cut To Sell Stocks Reverse Into The Red, But Two Sectors Show Strength AstraZeneca Has Opportunity In Lung Cancer Treatment Vs. Dow's Merck Today's Spotlight Connect with us Check out what we’re doing with social and follow us for exclusive offers, giveaways, & investing tips. Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Austin (6/3) or Boston (6/10) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! More News Children's Place topped earnings views and raised guidance Thursday. (RICHARD B. LEVINE/Newscom) These 5 Retailers Topped Earnings Views, But Their Stocks... Google manager Anil Sabharwal takes a selfie during the company's developer conference Wednesday (dpa/picture-alliance/Newscom) Google Trumpets Platform User Base Vs. Apple, Facebook, Amazon Still Paying So Much for Margin? Check Our Rates. Promoted Content By Zacks Trade Special Report Which Stocks Are Showing Rising Relative Strength? See which stocks just got an IBD RS Rating upgrade. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Can Litigation Solve Big Law's Gender Equity Problem? Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily CONTINUE 4 Automakers Agree to Pay $553M on Takata Air Bag Claims Celia Ampel Daily Business Review Mueller’s ‘Unflinching Gaze’: Colleagues, Adversaries Size Up New Special Counsel Ben Hancock The Recorder BBQ-Loving, EB-5 Lawyer Heads to Wilson Elser Meghan Tribe The AmLaw Daily Playing for the NFL Was Like ‘Having a Final Every Week,’ Law Student Recalls Karen Sloan Law.Com The Drone Zone: Where Technology and the Legal Profession Intersect › In-Depth Analysis Drone Law Practices Taking Off — Again By Monika Gonzalez Mesa|Daily Business Review News Devices, Drones, Data: What's Next in Torts News Lawyers Mobilize as Trump Wages War on Regulations In-Depth Analysis Data Collection Is a Top Concern for Drone Operators' Counsel Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS 'American Gangster' Lawyer Charged with Theft of Client Funds David Gialanella New Jersey Law Journal IBM Says New Watson Tool Could Dramatically Reduce Outside Counsel Spend Jennifer Williams-Alvarez Corporate Counsel What Happens When Your Practice Management Software Goes Dark? Gabrielle Orum Hernández Legaltech News Latham's Fisher Withdraws From FBI Director Race Amid New Contenders Katelyn Polantz The National Law Journal Mueller Leaves Wilmer, Steps In to Head Russia Probe Cogan Schneier and Katelyn Polantz The National Law Journal Here's Some Advice for Trump From the White-Collar Bar Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal Discrimination Complaints Against Frontier Airlines by Employee Moms Mount Sue Reisinger Corporate Counsel Popular     Where the Law Jobs Are: The 2016 Edition These Law Schools Aced the 2016 Job Market Four Unexpected Career Hacks From Big Law's Top Performers Chemerinsky Named Law Dean at UC Berkeley The 2016 Law Grads Hiring Report PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS The fight against counterfeit pharmaceutical products intensifies The World Health Organization has reported that 10% of the medicines offered for sale globally are counterfeits. Among drugs promoted online, 90% are counterfeit medicines and are life-threatening. Download Disability discrimination: are multiple choice tests fair for all? The Employment Appeal Tribunal has considered whether a job applicant with Asperger's syndrome was indirectly discriminated against for being required to sit a multiple choice test in the recruitment process. Download WannaCry? You may not want to cry but you will want to check your policy terms As well as testing the IT systems and preparedness of its victims, events such the Wannacry attack also test the wordings of the cyber policies and other traditional covers on which many insureds rely. Download New Mexico becomes 48th state to enact a data breach law, plus US state-level updates An active spring state legislative session has already produced a few new state data breach laws. Download Tax administrations prepare for automatic exchange of CbC reports - are you ready? The OECD has announced that another important step has been taken to implement country-by-country reporting requirements. Download Cybersecurity and law firms: defeating hackers, winning clients Vulnerabilities in law firms’ internal data security present an unprecedented existential threat. This report assesses the changing cybersecurity landscape and offers guidance for law firms in ensuring cybersecurity preparedness. Download Court of Appeal sends further message on mediation: Don’t drag your heels in arranging it A recent Court of Appeal decision is the latest instance of the court expressly sending a message to litigants confirming what it expects of them regarding mediation within the court process. Download Government proposes shake-up of Australia's foreign bribery laws Proposed amendments include a new corporate offence of failing to prevent foreign bribery and a model for a deferred prosecution agreement scheme. Download Are new on-highway, heavy-duty diesel NOx standards coming down the road? Why the heavy-duty industry should monitor California developments. Download Food and Beverage News and Trends: May 2017 This regular publication by DLA Piper lawyers focuses on helping clients navigate the ever-changing business, legal and regulatory landscape in the US. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Nelson Mullins Partner Settles With SEC in Pay-to-Play Suit When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CVS Health Corp (CVS) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Receives Neutral Rating from Northcoast Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Intact Financial (IFC) Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Loblaw Companies (L) Q3 2018 Earnings Forecast for Royal Gold, Inc Issued By FBR & Co (RGLD) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $775,000 Stake in H & R Block Inc (HRB) SL Green Realty Corp (SLG) Shares Bought by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Marriott International Inc (MAR) Stake Boosted by Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Kellogg Company (K) Shares Sold by LS Investment Advisors LLC Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Raises Position in XL Group Ltd. (XL) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $725,000 Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Rockwell Automation (ROK) Position Maintained by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Invests $5.886 Million in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Intuit Inc. (INTU) Position Reduced by Handelsbanken Fonder AB Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $5.872 Million Stake in Tesoro Co. (TSO) Insider Buying: Aviva plc (AV) Insider Buys £150.92 in Stock Impax Laboratories Inc (IPXL) Insider Sells $11,977.00 in Stock Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr lowered shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating in a report issued on Wednesday. They currently have $69.99 price objective on the stock. Several other analysts have also weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Merck & Co. from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $72.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed a market perform rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Leerink Swann reaffirmed a market perform rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Monday, March 20th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an outperform rating and issued a $70.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Sunday, April 23rd. Finally, Cowen and Company reaffirmed a market perform rating and issued a $68.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $68.53. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) traded up 1.98% on Wednesday, hitting $64.25. The company had a trading volume of 7,241,335 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $63.09 and a 200-day moving average price of $62.67. Merck & Co. has a 12-month low of $54.08 and a 12-month high of $66.80. The firm has a market capitalization of $175.73 billion, a PE ratio of 40.95 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.25 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. Merck & Co.’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.89 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Merck & Co. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/18/merck-co-inc-mrk-downgraded-by-vetr-inc-to-buy.html. In other news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total value of $317,700.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 14,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $909,702.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of MRK. Blume Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the period. Intellectus Partners LLC acquired a new stake in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $103,000. Vigilant Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 16.7% in the first quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 1,746 shares of the company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 250 shares in the last quarter. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Merck & Co. during the first quarter valued at approximately $127,000. Finally, Balentine LLC boosted its stake in Merck & Co. by 2.1% in the first quarter. Balentine LLC now owns 2,087 shares of the company’s stock valued at $133,000 after buying an additional 43 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 74.10% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Find Company: 23abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Merck opens up Bengaluru centre for collaboration with Indian pharma firms Venkatesh Ganesh comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet M Lab Collaboration centres to handhold Indian biotech units Bengaluru, May 18:   Merck, the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemicals company, has opened up its centre in Bengaluru to Indian pharmaceutical companies as they move to biologics-based manufacturing. Daniel Stamm, Head of Global Process Solutions Commercial of Lifesciences, Merck, told BusinessLine, “We see a trend of Indian companies not just taking a chemical formula and replicating it, and instead moving to biologics-based manufacturing.” Business opportunity Industry watchers opine that Indian companies have started to take this route in an attempt to move up the pharmaceutical value chain. By opening up its lab facility to other drugs manufacturers, Merck also believes that it can handhold Indian companies – from discovery to the final technology transfer. A lot of times, small pharma companies discovery a molecule but do not have a good understanding of how to manufacture it. “From growing the cell, extracting medicinal value to the tech transfer, we can assist Indian companies,” said Stamm. Further, scientists and engineers from Merck can aid companies working to solve biomanufacturing challenges and help themaccelerate development of new therapies. “Companies can manufacture biosimilars in 6-9 months, compared to 3 years in the past, enabling them to go to market quicker,” said Stamm. This can also result in reduced costs for medicines, he added.M Lab collaboration M Lab Collaboration centres provide a simulated manufacturing environment for experiments, troubleshooting and problem solving, that can foster education and full end-to-end process development support. Further, customers can participate in product demonstrations, hands-on training and proof-of-concept work, as well as apply best practices and new approaches to develop, optimise and scale-up processes and simplify global technology transfer.‘IP issues not involved’ So, what happens in case of IP issues? Stamm said the question of IP rarely comes up. “There are few situations like that. We sign NDAs and do not access information of a customer,” he said. Merck has been doing this for many years in developed markets but has just now started this in India. Merck unveiled its first remodelled centre in Tokyo in June 2016 and the M Lab network, will also include locations in Brazil, China, France, India, Singapore, South Korea and the US. Recently, it kicked off similar efforts in South Korea and Spain. Biotech is growing in India and as per data from Association of Biotechnoogy Led Enterprises, there are 1,022 biotech companies generating around ₹18,700 crore in business. (This article was published on May 18, 2017) Post Comment Related Companies  »  Merck Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: The Mystery Behind Mistry's Exit more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED GM to stop selling cars in India; produce for export only Why GM never found the Spark on India Beat GM workers angry and disappointed as ‘secure future’ turns a mirage End of the road in India for GM RP Sanjiv Goenka’s CESC splits into four companies Paytm raises $1.4 billion from Japan’s SoftBank Volvo Cars to start assembly operations in India this year Petronet LNG Kochi terminal’s operating capacity goes up Merck opens up Bengaluru centre for collaboration with Indian pharma firms Bajaj Auto net profit down 15.5% at Rs 802 cr DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds LATEST NEWS Consumer durables, auto stocks pull Sensex down 43 points 2 min. ago FMCG stocks rally as govt finalises GST rates 12 min. ago Dealmakers aplenty, SoftBank's Son looks for wonks 15 min. ago Crude oil futures climb to Rs 3,227 per barrel 20 min. ago Profit-booking, weak global cues pull gold futures down to Rs 28,796 24 min. ago More » From Business Wire Intuit launches free practice management features in QuickBooks online accountant Driving pleasure unmatched: The new BMW 330i launched in India JD.com's CTO Mr. Zhang Chen and VP Dr. Li Kefeng to give CES Asia 2017 keynote Compact, Efficient SCALE-iDriver™ IC family from power integrations supports 1700 V IGBTs flydubai partners with FlyNava Technologies for pricing decision support O P E N close Recent Article in Companies Petronet LNG Kochi terminal’s operating capacity goes up The future is looking bright for Petronet LNG’s Kochi terminal with its operating capacity registering a double digit growth for... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Merck KGaA TV crystals sales decline raises stakes for cancer drug By Reuters Published: 06:18 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 06:18 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail By Ludwig Burger FRANKFURT, May 18 (Reuters) - Merck KGaA's sales of liquid crystals used in flat-screen TVs are now expected to decline this year, making the German company more reliant on its new cancer immunotherapy drug to fuel growth. The family-controlled firm said on Thursday that sales of its performance materials would fall slightly in 2017, after adjusting for currency swings, having previously forecast growth for the division that is the world's leading supplier of liquid crystals ahead of Japan's JNC Corp and DIC Corp. Under pressure from Chinese rivals, Merck KGaA's market share in liquid crystals will level off at between 50 percent and 60 percent over the next few months, down from clearly above 60 percent, Chief Financial Officer Marcus Kuhnert said. "The Chinese have progressed rather dynamically and they've also clearly advanced over the past two years in terms of quality," Kuhnert told reporters. Berenberg analyst Alistair Campbell said the trend in the liquid crystals market, which is a major driver of profits for the German company, was not expected to reverse. Merck's shares were down 1.1 percent to 110.35 euros by 0947 GMT after dropping to 109.74 earlier, underperforming the broader German market which was down 0.9 percent. Overall, the company said it expected 2017 adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) of 4.4 to 4.6 billion euros compared with last year's 4.5 billion euros ($5 billion), supported by materials and equipment for biotech labs as well as high-tech chemicals for electronics. After years of development setbacks in pharmaceuticals, Merck is pinning hopes on its cancer drug Bavencio, also known as avelumab. It belongs to a new class of drugs that stop some tumours from hiding from the immune system, similar to Merck &amp; Co's Keytruda or Roche's Tecentriq. U.S. regulators granted approval this year for the drug's use in two relatively small groups of patients, with advanced bladder cancer and a rare skin cancer. Merck KGaA and partner Pfizer have taken the drug to an advanced phase of testing on various other tumours affecting the lungs, ovaries and kidney, among others, and Merck said research costs would increase in the coming quarters. The company's first-quarter adjusted earnings (EBITDA) rose 14.5 percent to 1.24 billion euros, inflated by an advance drug licence payment, and were slightly above market expectations. ($1 = 0.9003 euros) (Editing by David Clarke) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Data for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Across 16 Types of Cancer from Merck’s Industry-Leading Immuno-Oncology Program to Be Presented at the 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that new and updated data from studies of KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, will be presented at the 53rd Annual Meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) in Chicago, June 2 – 6, 2017. At this year’s meeting, researchers will present data from more than 50 abstracts investigating the use of KEYTRUDA as monotherapy and in novel combinations across 16 cancers, including non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), melanoma, urothelial carcinoma, microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) cancers, gastric cancer and breast cancer. Additional longer-term progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) data for KEYTRUDA in monotherapy and as a combination therapy in first-line NSCLC from KEYNOTE-024 and KEYNOTE-021G will be presented. As noted in the abstracts, in KEYNOTE-024 significant improvement in OS was maintained with KEYTRUDA compared to chemotherapy with a longer follow-up of approximately six months; and in KEYNOTE-021G with more than five months of additional follow-up, a trend for improved OS with KEYTRUDA in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin (pem/carbo) was observed when compared to pem/carbo alone, despite high rates of patient cross-over. Additional data on these findings will be presented at the meeting. “Our data at ASCO bring to life the potential of KEYTRUDA across many different cancer types as both monotherapy and in combination, and underscore the remarkable progress that is being made in the fight against cancer,” said Dr. Roy Baynes, senior vice president and head of global clinical development, Chief Medical Officer, Merck Research Laboratories. “In particular, we continue to show improved survival outcomes in the first-line treatment of both melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer, and we highlight clinical collaboration data that explore the potential of novel immunotherapy combinations as a treatment for patients with cancer.” In monotherapy, data for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) will be presented in NSCLC, melanoma, urothelial carcinoma, gastric cancer and triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC), among others. In the combination setting, data for KEYTRUDA in NSCLC, TNBC and endometrial cancer, among others, will be presented. Additionally, studies providing insight into the role of biomarkers – such as PD-L1 and microsatellite-instability – across a variety of tumors and treatment settings will be presented. Merck continues to advance the study of genomic markers and signals that can help physicians to identify the treatment regimen that may be best for each patient. Merck Data at the 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting A select listing of the more than 50 Merck-sponsored and collaboration abstracts featuring KEYTRUDA is provided below. Data from studies of other oncology medicines in Merck’s portfolio and pipeline will also be presented at the meeting. For more information, including a complete list of abstract titles and presentation days and times, please visit the ASCO website at https://iplanner.asco.org/am2017/#/. Advanced Bladder Cancers: Merck has the largest immuno-oncology development program in bladder cancer. In monotherapy, OS results from KEYNOTE-045, the phase 3 trial of KEYTRUDA compared to chemotherapy for patients with locally advanced or metastatic advanced urothelial carcinoma (a type of bladder cancer) in the second-line setting (Abstract #4501), will be presented. In addition, a biomarker analysis from KEYNOTE-052, the phase 2 trial of patients with advanced urothelial carcinoma in the first-line setting who are not eligible for cisplatin-based chemotherapy (Abstract #4502), will also be presented; data from both studies served as the basis for supplemental Biologics License Applications (sBLAs) for KEYTRUDA that are currently under review with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). In the combination setting, new data will be presented from the phase 1/2 ECHO-202/KEYNOTE-037 study of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) and Incyte’s investigational oral selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, epacadostat, in patients with advanced urothelial carcinoma (Abstract #4503). Abstract #4501 Oral Session: Planned survival analysis from KEYNOTE-045: Phase 3, open-label study of pembrolizumab (pembro) versus paclitaxel, docetaxel, or vinflunine in recurrent, advanced urothelial cancer (UC). D. Bajorin. Monday, June 5. 8:12 a.m. – 8:24 a.m. CDT. Location: Arie Crown Theater. Abstract #4502 Oral Session: Biomarker findings and mature clinical results from KEYNOTE-052: First-line pembrolizumab (pembro) in cisplatin-ineligible advanced urothelial cancer (UC). P. O’Donnell. Monday, June 5. 8:24 a.m. – 8:36 a.m. CDT. Location: Arie Crown Theater. Abstract #4503 Oral Session: Epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in patients with advanced urothelial carcinoma: Preliminary phase I/II results of ECHO-202/KEYNOTE-037. D. Smith. Monday, June 5. 8:36 a.m. – 8:48 a.m. CDT. Location: Arie Crown Theater. Advanced Breast Cancer and Other Women’s Cancers: Merck is currently conducting several studies investigating the potential for KEYTRUDA as a monotherapy and as a combination therapy in breast cancer, and in endometrial, ovarian and cervical cancers. Monotherapy data to be presented include two of the phase 2 KEYNOTE-086 study cohorts (A & B) of KEYTRUDA in patients with metastatic TNBC with varying levels of PD-L1 expression (Abstract #1008 and Abstract #1088, respectively). In the combination setting, findings will be presented investigating KEYTRUDA with chemotherapy in the neoadjuvant treatment setting for high-risk breast cancer (or TNBC) (Abstract #556 and Abstract #506, respectively), including results from the phase 2 I-SPY 2 TRIAL. Abstract #1008 Oral Session: Phase 2 study of pembrolizumab (pembro) monotherapy for previously treated metastatic triple-negative breast cancer (mTNBC): KEYNOTE-086 cohort A. S. Adams. Saturday, June 3. 3:39 p.m. – 3:51 p.m. CDT. Location: Hall D1. Abstract #1088 Poster Session: Phase 2 study of pembrolizumab as first-line therapy for PD-L1–positive metastatic triple-negative breast cancer (mTNBC): Preliminary data from KEYNOTE-086 cohort B. S. Adams. Sunday, June 4. 8:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Abstract #506 Oral Session: Pembrolizumab plus standard neoadjuvant therapy for high-risk breast cancer (BC): Results from I-SPY 2. R. Nanda. Monday, June 5. 11:45 a.m. – 11:57 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall D2. Abstract #556 Poster Session: Pembrolizumab (pembro) + chemotherapy (chemo) as neoadjuvant treatment for triple negative breast cancer (TNBC): Preliminary results from KEYNOTE-173. P. Schmid. Sunday, June 4. 8:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Advanced Gastrointestinal (GI) Cancers: Data will be presented from the phase 2 registrational KEYNOTE-059 study of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in patients with advanced gastric cancer – the monotherapy cohort (Abstract #4003) and the combination cohort (Abstract #4012). Additionally, combination data from the clinical collaboration with Eli Lilly and Company investigating KEYTRUDA with ramucirumab will be presented (Abstract #4046). Abstract #4003 Oral Session: KEYNOTE-059 cohort 1: Efficacy and safety of pembrolizumab (pembro) monotherapy in patients with previously treated advanced gastric cancer. C. Fuchs. Sunday, June 4. 9:00 a.m. – 9:12 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall D2. Abstract #4012 Poster Session/Discussion: KEYNOTE-059 cohort 2: Safety and efficacy of pembrolizumab (pembro) plus 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and cisplatin for first-line (1L) treatment of advanced gastric cancer. YJ. Bang. Saturday, June 3. Poster: 8:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Discussion: 4:45 p.m. – 6:00 p.m. CDT. Location: Hall D2. Abstract #4046 Poster Session: Ramucirumab (R) plus pembrolizumab (P) in treatment naive and previously treated advanced gastric or gastroesophageal junction (G/GEJ) adenocarcinoma: A multi-disease phase I study. I. Chau. Saturday, June 3. 8:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Advanced Head and Neck Cancer: In advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), a study evaluating the role of genomic determinants of response to KEYTRUDA monotherapy (Abstract #6009) will be presented. In the combination setting, researchers will present data from the ECHO-202/KEYNOTE-037 trial, which is studying KEYTRUDA in combination with Incyte’s epacadostat (Abstract #6010). Abstract #6009 Clinical Science Symposium: Genomic determinants of response to pembrolizumab in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). R. Haddad. Tuesday, June 6. 8:00 a.m. – 8:12 a.m. CDT. Location: S100a. Abstract #6010 Clinical Science Symposium: Epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in patients with SCCHN: Preliminary phase I/II results from ECHO-202/KEYNOTE-037. O. Hamid. Tuesday, June 6. 8:12 a.m. – 8:24 a.m. CDT. Location: S100a. Advanced Lung Cancer: Merck is continuing to advance understanding of the important role of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in metastatic lung cancer both as monotherapy and in combination with other therapies. In monotherapy, PFS and updated OS data from the phase 3 KEYNOTE-024 trial of patients with advanced NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] (Abstract #9000) will be presented. In the combination setting, additional follow-up will be presented from the phase 1/2 KEYNOTE-021G study (Abstract #9094), including OS. KEYNOTE-021G was the basis of the recent approval of KEYTRUDA in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin for the first-line treatment of metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC, irrespective of PD-L1 expression. In addition, data will be presented from ECHO-202/KEYNOTE-037 investigating KEYTRUDA with epacadostat in patients with NSCLC (Abstract #9014). Abstract #9000 Oral Session: Progression after the next line of therapy (PFS2) and updated OS among patients (pts) with advanced NSCLC and PD-L1 tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50% enrolled in KEYNOTE-024. J. Brahmer. Tuesday, June 6. 9:45 a.m. – 9:57 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall D1. Abstract #9094 Poster Session: First-line carboplatin and pemetrexed (CP) with or without pembrolizumab (pembro) for advanced nonsquamous NSCLC: Updated results of KEYNOTE-021 cohort G. V. Papadimitrakopoulou. Saturday, June 3. 8:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Abstract #9014 Poster Session/Discussion: Efficacy and safety of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab treatment of NSCLC: Preliminary phase I/II results of ECHO-202/KEYNOTE-037. T. Gangadhar. Saturday, June 3. Poster: 8:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Discussion: 3:00 p.m. – 4:15 p.m. CDT. Location: Hall D2. Advanced Melanoma: In monotherapy, longer-term OS data from the phase 3 KEYNOTE-006 trial (Abstract #9504) of KEYTRUDA will be presented. In combination studies, early findings from the phase 1b/2 KEYNOTE-184 study of Dynavax’s intratumoral SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA in anti-PD-1 naïve and experienced metastatic melanoma patients (Abstract #9550) will be presented, as will updated data from the KEYNOTE-029 study of KEYTRUDA with ipilimumab (Abstract #9545). In addition, data from the phase 2 KEYNOTE-142 study of Syndax’s entinostat in combination with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in patients with advanced melanoma (Abstract #9529) will be presented for the first time. Abstract #9504 Oral Session: Long-term outcomes in patients (pts) with ipilimumab (ipi)-naive advanced melanoma in the phase 3 KEYNOTE-006 study who completed pembrolizumab (pembro) treatment. C. Robert. Sunday, June 4. 9:12 a.m. – 9:24 a.m. CDT. Location: Arie Crown Theater. Abstract #9550 Poster Session: Phase 1b/2, open label, multicenter, study of intratumoral SD-101 in combination with pembrolizumab in anti-PD1 naïve & experienced metastatic melanoma patients. A. Leung. Saturday, June 3. 1:15 p.m. – 4:45 p.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Abstract #9545 Poster Session: KEYNOTE-029: Efficacy and safety of pembrolizumab (pembro) plus ipilimumab (ipi) for advanced melanoma. M. Carlino. Saturday, June 3. 1:15 p.m. – 4:45 p.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Abstract #9529 Poster Session: Melanoma/Skin Cancers, ENCORE 601: A phase II study of entinostat (ENT) in combination with pembrolizumab (PEMBRO) in patients with melanoma. M. Johnson. Saturday, June 3. 1:15 p.m. – 4:45 p.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Advanced Microsatellite-Instability (MSI) High Cancers: Merck is advancing the use of biomarkers to guide clinical decision making, including for patients with MSI-High advanced malignancies. At ASCO, monotherapy data from KEYNOTE-164 and KEYNOTE-158 will be presented in patients with high levels of MSI (Abstract #3071). Abstract #3071 Poster Session: Pembrolizumab therapy for microsatellite instability high (MSI-H) colorectal cancer (CRC) and non-CRC. L. Diaz. Monday, June 5. 8:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC): New data from studies of KEYTRUDA in combination in patients with advanced RCC will also be presented, including preliminary data for KEYTRUDA combined with epacadostat from the ECHO-202/KEYNOTE-037 trial (Abstract #4515) and for KEYTRUDA combined with Novartis’ pazopanib (Abstract #4506). Abstract #4515 Poster Session/Discussion: Epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in patients with advanced RCC: Preliminary phase I/II results from ECHO-202/KEYNOTE-037. P. Lara. Sunday, June 4. Poster: 8:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. CDT. Location: Hall A. Discussion: 11:30 a.m. – 12:45 a.m. CDT. Location: Arie Crown Theater. Abstract #4506 Oral Session: A phase I/II study to assess the safety and efficacy of pazopanib (PAZ) and pembrolizumab (PEM) in patients (pts) with advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC). S. Chowdhury. Monday, June 5. 9:36 a.m. – 9:48 a.m. CDT. Location: Arie Crown Theater. Merck Investor Event: Merck will hold an investor event in conjunction with the 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting on Monday, June 5 at 5:45 p.m. CDT (6:45 p.m. EDT). Investors, analysts, members of the media and the general public are invited to listen to a live audio webcast of the presentation at http://investors.merck.com/events-and-presentations/default.aspx or by dialing (866) 486-2604 – and using ID code number 3314336. About KEYTRUDA ®(pembrolizumab) Injection KEYTRUDA is an anti-PD-1 therapy that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. Studies of KEYTRUDA – from the largest immuno-oncology program in the industry with more than 500 trials – include a wide variety of cancers and treatment settings. The KEYTRUDA clinical program seeks to understand factors that predict a patient’s likelihood of benefitting from treatment with KEYTRUDA, including the exploration of several different biomarkers across a broad range of tumors. KEYTRUDA ®(pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA, as a single agent, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [tumor proportion score (TPS) ≥50%] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), as a single agent, is also indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA, in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, is indicated for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and progression-free survival. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In metastatic NSCLC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. When administering KEYTRUDA in combination with chemotherapy, KEYTRUDA should be administered prior to chemotherapy when given on the same day. See also the Prescribing Information for pemetrexed and carboplatin. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In HNSCC, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression, unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with refractory classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL), or who have relapsed after three or more prior lines of therapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. In adults with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. In pediatric patients with cHL, KEYTRUDA is administered at a dose of 2 mg/kg (up to a maximum of 200 mg) every three weeks until disease progression or unacceptable toxicity, or up to 24 months in patients without disease progression. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA ®  (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases. Pneumonitis occurred in 94 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (1.3%), 3 (0.9%), 4 (0.3%), and 5 (0.1%) pneumonitis, and occurred more frequently in patients with a history of prior thoracic radiation (6.9%) compared to those without (2.9%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated colitis. Colitis occurred in 48 (1.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.4%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Hepatitis occurred in 19 (0.7%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.4%), and 4 (<0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA can cause hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 17 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (<0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. KEYTRUDA can cause thyroid disorders, including hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, and thyroiditis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 96 (3.4%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.8%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 237 (8.5%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (6.2%) and 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroiditis occurred in 16 (0.6%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.3%) thyroiditis. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. KEYTRUDA can cause type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer antihyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. KEYTRUDA can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Nephritis occurred in 9 (0.3%) of 2799 patients receiving KEYTRUDA, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.1%), and 4 (<0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. KEYTRUDA can cause other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 2799 patients: arthritis (1.5%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, rash (1.4%), uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. In addition, myelitis and myocarditis were reported in other clinical trials, including classical Hodgkin lymphoma, and postmarketing use. Solid organ transplant rejection has been reported in postmarketing use of KEYTRUDA. Treatment with KEYTRUDA may increase the risk of rejection in solid organ transplant recipients. Consider benefit of treatment with KEYTRUDA vs the risk of possible organ rejection in these patients. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) can cause severe or life-threatening infusion-related reactions, which have been reported in 6 (0.2%) of 2799 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions, including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Immune-mediated complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who underwent allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) after being treated with KEYTRUDA. Of 23 patients with cHL who proceeded to allogeneic HSCT after treatment with KEYTRUDA on any trial, 6 patients (26%) developed graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD), one of which was fatal, and 2 patients (9%) developed severe hepatic veno-occlusive disease (VOD) after reduced-intensity conditioning, one of which was fatal. Cases of fatal hyperacute GVHD after allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who received a PD-1 receptor blocking antibody before transplantation. These complications may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and allogeneic HSCT. Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA monotherapy was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 8% of 682 patients with metastatic NSCLC. The most common adverse event resulting in permanent discontinuation of KEYTRUDA was pneumonitis (1.8%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 23% of patients; the most common (≥1%) were diarrhea (1%), fatigue (1.3%), pneumonia (1%), liver enzyme elevation (1.2%), decreased appetite (1.3%), and pneumonitis (1%). The most common adverse reactions (occurring in at least 20% of patients and at a higher incidence than with docetaxel) were decreased appetite (25% vs 23%), dyspnea (23% vs 20%), and nausea (20% vs 18%). When KEYTRUDA was administered in combination with pemetrexed and carboplatin, KEYTRUDA was discontinued in 10% of 59 patients. The most common adverse reaction resulting in discontinuation of KEYTRUDA (≥2%) was acute kidney injury (3.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 39% of patients; the most common (≥2%) were fatigue (8%), neutrophil count decreased (8%), anemia (5%), dyspnea (3.4%), and pneumonitis (3.4%).The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) compared to carbo/pem alone were fatigue (71% vs 50%), nausea (68% vs 56%), constipation (51% vs 37%), rash (42% vs 21%), vomiting (39% vs 27%), dyspnea (39% vs 21%), diarrhea (37% vs 23%), decreased appetite (31% vs. 23%), headache (31% vs 16%), cough (24% vs 18%), dizziness (24%vs 16%), insomnia (24% vs 15%), pruritus (24% vs 4.8%), peripheral edema (22% vs 18%), dysgeusia (20% vs 11%), alopecia (20% vs 3.2%), upper respiratory tract infection (20% vs 3.2%), and arthralgia (15% vs 24%). The study was not designed to demonstrate a statistically significant difference in adverse reaction rates for KEYTRUDA plus chemotherapy, as compared to chemotherapy alone, for any specified adverse reaction. It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 500 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New UK Fashion Start Up White and White Launches The Ultimate Shirt Collection Next PostNext PepsiCo joins New Plastics Economy Initiative as Core Partner Search Recent Posts Global Mhealth (Mobile Health) Market expected to grow in near future with a high CAGR of 38+% from 2017 to 2022 KORA Organics, Created By Miranda Kerr, to Launch NEW Noni Glow Collection In ALL Sephora Doors Nationwide, May 19th Jodi M. Fry is recognized by Continental Who’s Who Digital Realty to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences Cohen Veterans Bioscience and the Broad Institute’s Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research with PTSD researchers from the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium Announce Initial Findings from Largest Study of Genetic Markers for Post-Traumatic Stress Diso Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Fiji Time: 7:02 PM on Friday 19 May Home Politics Local Sport World Letters Editorial Nai Lalakai Business Features Classifieds Weather Gallery Archives / Front page / World Briefly Reuters Friday, May 19, 2017 UNICEF plea BRUSSELS - UNICEF on Wednesday called for better protection for refugee and migrant children crossing borders on their own, a growing group that is particularly vulnerable to exploitation and abuse. In a report, the UN agency said 170,000 unaccompanied children sought asylum in Europe in 2015-16. Graft claim LAGOS - Military corruption is weakening Nigeria's efforts to battle the Islamist insurgency of Boko Haram, the watchdog Transparency International said on Thursday. Last year, Nigeria's vice-president said about $15 billion had been stolen from the public purse under the previous government through fraudulent arms procurement deals. Cyber security BEIJING - China's banking regulator said on Wednesday it would strengthen cyber security protection at banks to prevent "disruptive systemic risk events" after the global WannaCry "ransomware" attack infected more than 300,000 computers in 150 countries. The attack infected about 30,000 Chinese organisations by Saturday evening. Bribery arrest LIMA - A former Peruvian governor suspected of arranging bribes from Odebrecht was arrested on Wednesday, while police raided Lima law firms thought to have ties to the Brazilian construction company, the Attorney-General's Office said. Chibok girl flees ABUJA - Another Nigerian schoolgirl from the kidnapped group known as the "Chibok girls" has escaped from her captivity by Islamist insurgency Boko Haram, a presidential spokesperson said on Wednesday. The escape makes her the latest to return of the roughly 270 girls kidnapped by Boko Haram in April 2014 from the northeastern town of Chibok. Earlier this month, the militants swapped 82 of the girls in exchange for prisoners. Vice President Yemi Osinbajo at a cabinet meeting in the capital Abuja on Wednesday "announced that another Chibok schoolgirl had been found after she escaped from her captors," said the spokesman. Merkel meets Russian-German migrants amid fake news worries By Andrea Shalal BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel met leaders of the three million-strong community of Germans with ties to Russia on Wednesday, amid concerns over their susceptibility to "fake news" items in the run-up to a national election in September. German officials worry that some members of that community may be vulnerable to pro-Russian propaganda after protests erupted in January 2016 over a bogus Russian media report about the alleged rape of a 13-year Russian-German girl by a migrant. Relations between Germany and Russia are at their lowest ebb for years due to sharp disagreements over the crises in Ukraine and Syria and Moscow's human rights record. German intelligence agencies have also warned about Russian cyber attacks and support for far-right parties. U.S. court urged to relax convicted Israeli spy's parole conditions By Brendan Pierson NEW YORK (Reuters) - A lawyer for Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. Navy intelligence officer who served 30 years in prison after being convicted of spying for Israel, on Wednesday urged a U.S. appeals court to loosen his parole conditions. Lawyer Eliot Lauer argued to a three-judge panel of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan that the conditions, which require Pollard, 62, to wear an electronic tracking device, adhere to a curfew and submit his computers to monitoring, serve no legitimate purpose. Pollard, who attended the hearing with his wife, pleaded guilty in 1986 to conspiracy to commit espionage in connection with providing Israeli contacts with hundreds of classified documents he had obtained as a naval intelligence specialist in exchange for thousands of dollars. He was sentenced in 1987 to life in prison. After serving 30 years, which included time in custody following his 1985 arrest, Pollard was released on parole on Nov. 20. Italy passes law to fight cyberbullying ROME (Reuters) - The Italian parliament on Wednesday passed a long-awaited law intended to tackle online bullying of children after several high-profile cases in which victims have committed suicide. In a rare show of unity, the Chamber of Deputies passed the law with 432 votes in favour and just one abstention after a three-year passage through parliament. "We dedicate this law to Carolina Picchio and all the other victims of cyberbullying," Chamber speaker Laura Boldrini said after the vote. Picchio, 14, threw herself from a third-floor window after cyber bullies circulated a sexually explicit video of her that they had filmed with their mobile telephones at a party. Merck says test shows Keytruda improves survival for bladder cancer patients US-HEALTH-CANCER-BLADDER By Deena Beasley (Reuters) - Pivotal trial results for Merck & Co Inc's immunotherapy drug Keytruda show that it lengthened survival by three months, or nearly 40 percent, for patients with advanced bladder cancer who had stopped responding to chemotherapy. The data, to be presented next month at a meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, follow last week's announcement that rival drug Tecentriq, from Roche Holding AG, did not improve survival when used as a second-line treatment for bladder cancer in a trial. The Merck drug is awaiting U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval, but Tecentriq was approved by the agency last year, contingent on verification of its clinical benefit. Roche, in an emailed statement, said it plans to discuss the data with health authorities but did not disclose the timing for the discussions. According to the FDA approval letter, the company has until December to submit the full trial data to the agency. Combination of strength, aerobic training found best for obese elderly US-HEALTH-ELDERLY-OBESITY-EXERCISE By Gene Emery (Reuters Health) - For obese people over age 64, the combination of aerobic exercise and weight training is better for improving physical functioning than either form of exercise alone, a new study concludes. Each type of exercise and a combination of the two produced 9 percent reductions in body weight over six months. But the combination provided the best mix of protection against muscle and bone loss with improved aerobic capacity. Aerobic exercise and weight training, also known as resistance training, "have additive effects in improving your physical function," chief author Dr. Dennis Villareal of the Baylor College of Medicine and the DeBakey VA Medical Center in Houston told Reuters Health by phone. "Overall the patient feels it, and we were able to document that objectively." Celgene leukemia drug extends survival in early stage trial By Bill Berkrot (Reuters) - Nearly 20 percent of patients with an aggressive form of leukemia experienced complete remission along with prolonged survival from treatment with an experimental Celgene Corp drug, according to data from an early-stage study released on Wednesday. The drug, enasidenib, delivered high overall response rates in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) whose disease had relapsed following prior treatments. Available data from 176 patients showed 40.3 percent responded to the treatment, with 19.3 percent achieving complete remission. Median overall survival for relapsed AML patients was 9.3 months and rose to 19.7 months among those who experienced complete remission. Spain's smoking ban tied to drop in preterm and underweight babies US-HEALTH-PREGNANCY-SMOKING-BAN By Lisa Rapaport (Reuters Health) - One year after a nationwide ban on smoking in public took effect in Spain, women had significantly fewer premature or underweight infants, a recent study suggests. Researchers examined data on more than 5 million babies born in Spain from 2000 to 2013. The study included infants born before any restrictions on public tobacco use, after a 2006 ban covering many workplaces with exceptions in the hospitality industry, and after a 2011 law curbing tobacco in nearly all public places. The rate of babies born small for their gestational age declined after the partial smoking ban took effect in 2006, researchers report in Pediatrics. With the comprehensive ban in 2011, rates of preterm and low-birthweight babies also dropped. Back to top Fiji Times & Kaila Frontpage PDF Downloads Use the free Acrobat Reader to view. Code Inward TTs Outward TTs CAD 0.6561 0.6371 JPY 54.3994 51.3994 GBP 0.3713 0.3633 EUR 0.4341 0.4221 NZD 0.7056 0.6726 AUD 0.6529 0.6279 USD 0.4843 0.4673 from FJD to VUVFJD to TOPFJD to SBDFJD to WSTFJD to PGKFJD to XPFFJD to CHFFJD to SEKFJD to LKRFJD to ZARFJD to PHPFJD to PKRFJD to NOKFJD to INRFJD to DKKFJD to CADFJD to HKDFJD to SGDFJD to JPYFJD to GBPFJD to EURFJD to CNYFJD to NZDFJD to AUDFJD to USD VUV to FJDTOP to FJDSBD to FJDWST to FJDPGK to FJDXPF to FJDCHF to FJDSEK to FJDLKR to FJDZAR to FJDPHP to FJDPKR to FJDNOK to FJDINR to FJDDKK to FJDCAD to FJDHKD to FJDSGD to FJDJPY to FJDGBP to FJDEUR to FJDCNY to FJDNZD to FJDAUD to FJDUSD to FJD $0.00 Exchange Rate updated on 19th, May, 2017 Today's Most Read Stories Ratu Naiqama set to return as MP Nasoko's 7s race Minimum wage rate McKenzie's back Accused regrets mistakes Sex crimes emerge Concerns over land lease renewals without consent Ministry overhauls outdated employment laws School replaces run-down, unsafe classrooms Cutters, maids qualify too Top Stories this Week A-G discusses scholarships, MP salaries Saturday (13 May) Parents watch son fulfill rugby dream Thursday (18 May) Salary for civil servants Sunday (14 May) Rabuka: 'To you I say, I am sorry' Monday (15 May) Fijian barber experience for Crusaders players Thursday (18 May) Tevita chases Fiji 7s rugby dream Monday (15 May) 200 illegally in Fiji Thursday (18 May) 7s star in the making Sunday (14 May) Ship runs aground Tuesday (16 May) The Marines of Dravuwalu Sunday (14 May) Contact Fiji Times Advertise with Us Google+ Copyright © 2014, Fiji Times Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Site Feedback
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,604.34 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.2% higher at 5,298.37 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,459.30 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Merck's Keytruda gets two bladder cancer approvals from FDA By Emma Court Published: May 18, 2017 4:17 p.m. ET Share By EmmaCourt Reporter Merck & Co. Inc. MRK, +1.41% said Thursday late afternoon that its key cancer drug Keytruda has received two approvals for bladder cancer from the Food and Drug Administration. Keytruda has been approved for initial treatment of a type of bladder cancer called locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, if patients are ineligible for cisplatin-containing chemotherapy. The drug has also been approved for use if initial treatment doesn't work for patients with the cancer whose disease progresses during or after chemotherapy. Keytruda, which is also approved for lung cancer, is being developed for more than 30 tumor types in nearly 500 clinical trials, according to Merck. Merck stock was inactive in postmarket trade Thursday. Shares of the company have declined 2.3% over the last three months, compared with a 0.6% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, +0.37% Quote References MRK +0.89 +1.41% SPX +8.69 +0.37% Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.89 +0.89 (+1.41%) Volume 11.4M Open $62.91 High $64.50 Low $62.91 P/E Ratio 41.06 Div Yield 2.94 Market Cap 172.3B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) Volume 2.3B Open 2,355 High 2,376 Low 2,353 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,663.02 56.09 0.27% S&P 500 2,365.72 8.69 0.37% Nasdaq 6,055.13 43.89 0.73% GlobalDow 2,725.24 2.28 0.08% Gold 1,250.80 -2.00 -0.16% Oil 49.74 0.39 0.79% S&P 500 Movers(%) INCY 6.9 KMX 6.1 NVDA 4.2 QRVO 4.1 CSCO -7.2 MNK -3.5 PRGO -3.5 SNPS -3.4 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 3:02a Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,604.34 3:01a France's CAC 40 index opens 0.2% higher at 5,298.37 3:01a U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,459.30 3:00a Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57a Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56a German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56a Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55a Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54a Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46a Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election to be replaced Home Investing Quotes ADRs MKGAY Overview Compare Quotes Market Screener Sectors MKGAY U.S.: OTC Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker Merck KGaA ADR Watchlist CreateMKGAYAlert Closed Last Updated: May 18, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT $ 40.10 -1.10 -2.67% Previous Close $41.2000 Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 127.0% vs Avg. Volume: 10.1K 65 Day Avg. - 8K Open: 40.44 Close: 40.10 39.9900 Day Low/High 40.4400 Day Range 31.2800 52 Week Low/High 42.0200 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $40.44 Day Range 39.9900 - 40.4400 52 Week Range 31.2800 - 42.0200 Market Cap $54.06B Shares Outstanding 387.77M Public Float 0 Beta n/a Rev. per Employee $328.94K P/E Ratio 29.30 EPS $1.37 Yield 1.09% Dividend $0.44 Ex-Dividend Date May 1, 2017 Short Interest n/a n/a % of Float Shorted n/a Average Volume 7.99K Performance 5 Day -1.05% 1 Month 8.23% 3 Month 10.93% YTD 15.76% 1 Year 23.73% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones Merck profit falls 12% FRANKFURT--German chemicals and pharmaceuticals company Merck KGaA (MRK.XE) reported a 12% decline in net profit for the first quarter of 2017. Net profit for the period ended March 31 fell to EUR521 million ($580.4 million) from EUR591 million a year earlier. Analysts had predicted a net profit of EUR540 million, according to a recent poll compiled by FactSet. May. 18, 2017 at 2:47 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Merck Q4 profit rises 15%, beating forecasts FRANKFURT--German pharmaceuticals and chemicals group Merck KGaA (MRK.XE) said Thursday that net profit had more than doubled in the fourth quarter of 2016, boosted by growth at the health-care division and by the integration of U.S. laboratory-equipment maker Sigma-Aldrich. Mar. 9, 2017 at 2:24 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Merck profit up 26%; lifts guidance for full year Nov. 15, 2016 at 2:42 a.m. ET Merck KGaA net income rises 25.5% Nov. 15, 2016 at 1:43 a.m. ET Merck raises profit outlook after sales jump Aug. 4, 2016 at 4:32 a.m. ET Merck lifts profit outlook after sales jump Aug. 4, 2016 at 2:18 a.m. ET Merck KGaA Lifts profit outlook as sales jump Aug. 4, 2016 at 1:52 a.m. ET Merck says has no immediate plans to cut UK jobs Jun. 24, 2016 at 7:52 a.m. ET Germany's Merck lifted by health care unit May. 19, 2016 at 2:00 a.m. ET Merck profit rises on life sciences growth Mar. 8, 2016 at 4:47 a.m. ET Merck profit dented by acquisition costs Mar. 8, 2016 at 1:31 a.m. ET Merck CEO rules out major acquisitions in 2016 Jan. 21, 2016 at 4:18 a.m. ET Merck cancer drug fails late-stage trial Dec. 7, 2015 at 3:16 a.m. ET Germany's Merck lifts outlook as profit jumps Nov. 12, 2015 at 2:00 a.m. ET Merck KGaA says Oschmann to become CEO in 2016 Oct. 13, 2015 at 8:14 a.m. ET Merck profit up 13%, helped by weaker euro Aug. 6, 2015 at 2:50 a.m. ET Merck profit falls on Sigma-Aldrich deal costs May. 19, 2015 at 2:09 a.m. ET Germany's Merck stays cautious after deal spree Mar. 3, 2015 at 3:30 a.m. ET Merck's profit slips despite gains in revenue Mar. 3, 2015 at 2:34 a.m. ET Pfizer, Germany's Merck to develop tumor treatment Nov. 17, 2014 at 10:23 a.m. ET VWR Corp. Plays Big Role Stocking Medical Labs VWR Corp. is hardly a household name, but it plays a big role keeping the world’s medical laboratories well-stocked. May. 3, 2017 at 6:13 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Celgene, Biogen to Gain From Higher Prices Heading into earnings, Biogen, Alexion Pharmaceuticals and Gilead Sciences could be in focus. Apr. 12, 2017 at 11:25 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Reckitt Benckiser to Buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 Billion Feb. 10, 2017 at 7:52 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Dec. 22, 2016 at 6:13 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Germany’s Merck Raises Guidance as Life Science, Health Care Grows Nov. 15, 2016 at 2:39 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Corrections & Amplifications Sep. 12, 2016 at 9:46 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Germany Has Boom Year for Deals as Bayer Moves for Monsanto Sep. 12, 2016 at 12:01 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Aug. 26, 2016 at 6:22 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Merck KGaA Lifts Profit Outlook as Sales Jump Aug. 4, 2016 at 3:27 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Pfizer’s Results Beat Expectations Aug. 2, 2016 at 2:06 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Bayer Breaks With Caution in Monsanto Bid May. 20, 2016 at 4:55 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Germany’s Merck Lifted by Sigma-Aldrich Deal May. 19, 2016 at 2:13 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Germany’s Merck Boosted by Diversification Into Life Sciences Mar. 8, 2016 at 5:22 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal WSJ City: Banking Standards Board Sheds Little Light; One Fund is Backing the Pound Mar. 8, 2016 at 2:46 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Germany’s Merck KGaA Wins Battle Over Name in U.K. Jan. 15, 2016 at 3:25 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Platform Specialty Names Sigma-Aldrich Chief as New CEO Dec. 16, 2015 at 7:51 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Sanofi, Boehringer in Talks Over Asset Swap Dec. 15, 2015 at 12:00 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal CFO Moves: Owens-Illinois, Flamel Tech Nov. 23, 2015 at 4:27 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Germany’s Merck: Tooling Up for Biotech Gold Rush Nov. 12, 2015 at 11:35 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Germany’s Merck Lifts Outlook as Profit Jumps Nov. 12, 2015 at 7:26 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Recent News Other News Press Releases Turmoil In Immuno-Oncology Turmoil In Immuno-Oncology May. 15, 2017 at 7:50 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Tecentriq Failure Puts Accelerated Approval In A Spin Tecentriq Failure Puts Accelerated Approval In A Spin May. 10, 2017 at 12:28 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Physicians Look For Progress In Mesothelioma Physicians Look For Progress In Mesothelioma May. 10, 2017 at 8:51 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Here's Why Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Gained 8% in April May. 8, 2017 at 1:54 p.m. ET on Motley Fool VWR Corp. Plays Big Role Stocking Medical Labs VWR Corp. is hardly a household name, but it plays a big role keeping the world’s medical laboratories well-stocked. May. 3, 2017 at 6:13 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression Apr. 28, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET on CNW Group Fresenius Shows Biotech How To Get The Deals Done Fresenius Shows Biotech How To Get The Deals Done Apr. 26, 2017 at 9:17 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Focus On Europe: Gearing Up For Q1 Results! Focus On Europe: Gearing Up For Q1 Results! Apr. 25, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Better Buy: AbbVie Inc. vs. Pfizer Apr. 22, 2017 at 9:48 a.m. ET on Motley Fool The Market Is Going To Fall - My Dividend Growth Shopping List The Market Is Going To Fall - My Dividend Growth Shopping List Apr. 15, 2017 at 7:58 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha 3 Top Big Pharma Stocks to Buy Now Apr. 6, 2017 at 10:48 a.m. ET on Motley Fool FDA OKs Merck KGaA and Pfizer's avelumab for rare type of skin cancer FDA OKs Merck KGaA and Pfizer's avelumab for rare type of skin cancer Mar. 23, 2017 at 3:48 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha BeiGene, Another Beijing Venture In Cancer Therapy BeiGene, Another Beijing Venture In Cancer Therapy Mar. 23, 2017 at 1:24 p.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Pfizer And Merck Go For An Even Longer Throw Of The Javelin Pfizer And Merck Go For An Even Longer Throw Of The Javelin Mar. 10, 2017 at 8:06 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Can Intrexon Regain Its Mojo? Mar. 8, 2017 at 10:09 a.m. ET on Motley Fool Green Health Advocates: Has America Gone Kratom? CBD is Cool But Maybe More Trendy Competitors Exist Green Health Advocates: Has America Gone Kratom? CBD is Cool But Maybe More Trendy Competitors Exist Mar. 8, 2017 at 6:47 a.m. ET on CNW Group Early Beginnings For Alzheimer's Vaccines Early Beginnings For Alzheimer's Vaccines Mar. 8, 2017 at 8:24 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Green Health Advocates: Has America Gone Kratom? CBD Extract is Hip But Competition May Exist Green Health Advocates: Has America Gone Kratom? CBD Extract is Hip But Competition May Exist Mar. 8, 2017 at 6:47 a.m. ET on CNW Group FDA accepts EMD Serono's BLA for avelumab for urothelial carcinoma; action date August 27 FDA accepts EMD Serono's BLA for avelumab for urothelial carcinoma; action date August 27 Feb. 28, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha FDA Accepts the Biologics License Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Urothelial Carcinoma for Priority Review FDA Accepts the Biologics License Application for Avelumab for the Treatment of Metastatic Urothelial Carcinoma for Priority Review Feb. 28, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET on CNW Group Shaping Cancer Care Today and Tomorrow: Merck, KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, to Present New Data from Rapidly Evolving Pipeline at ASCO 2017 Shaping Cancer Care Today and Tomorrow: Merck, KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, to Present New Data from Rapidly Evolving Pipeline at ASCO 2017 May. 17, 2017 at 5:01 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer to Present Data Highlighting Potential of Avelumab in Challenging Cancers at ASCO 2017 Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer to Present Data Highlighting Potential of Avelumab in Challenging Cancers at ASCO 2017 May. 17, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Enzyme Inhibitor - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) Enzyme Inhibitor - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) May. 17, 2017 at 2:49 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF EpiThany Announces Clinical Collaboration with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer to Evaluate Combination of Avelumab and EP-101 STEMVAC in Breast Cancer EpiThany Announces Clinical Collaboration with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Pfizer to Evaluate Combination of Avelumab and EP-101 STEMVAC in Breast Cancer May. 10, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Bioreactors and Fermenters Market to Reach US$4461.0 Million by 2024; Single-use Bioreactors to Witness Surge in Demand Despite Reaction Concerns, Says TMR Bioreactors and Fermenters Market to Reach US$4461.0 Million by 2024; Single-use Bioreactors to Witness Surge in Demand Despite Reaction Concerns, Says TMR May. 10, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer FDA Grants BAVENCIO® (avelumab) Approval for a Common Type of Advanced Bladder Cancer May. 9, 2017 at 3:53 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Protein Labeling - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) Protein Labeling - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) May. 3, 2017 at 4:08 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF 13th Annual EMD Serono Specialty Digest™ Details Utilization and Clinical Management Trends 13th Annual EMD Serono Specialty Digest™ Details Utilization and Clinical Management Trends May. 1, 2017 at 12:26 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data Show Greater Treatment Effect in Relapsing MS Patients at a Higher Risk of Disease Progression Apr. 28, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Flow Cytometry - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) Flow Cytometry - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) Apr. 27, 2017 at 2:01 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Mycoplasma Testing - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) Mycoplasma Testing - Global Market Outlook (2016-2022) Apr. 25, 2017 at 5:44 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF AWARE for All: CISCRP's Clinical Research Education Event Returning to Houston this May AWARE for All: CISCRP's Clinical Research Education Event Returning to Houston this May Apr. 24, 2017 at 4:01 a.m. ET on PRWeb Social media group supporting kratom reaches over 100K followers Social media group supporting kratom reaches over 100K followers Apr. 21, 2017 at 9:02 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF EMD Serono and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany to Present Rebif® (interferon beta-1a) and Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data at AAN 2017 EMD Serono and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany to Present Rebif® (interferon beta-1a) and Investigational Cladribine Tablets Data at AAN 2017 Apr. 21, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Eisai Announces Results and Continued Support of Initiatives for Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis Eisai Announces Results and Continued Support of Initiatives for Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis Apr. 19, 2017 at 1:44 a.m. ET on JCN Newswire Animal Blood Plasma Products and Derivatives Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, & Forecast 2016 - 2024 Animal Blood Plasma Products and Derivatives Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, & Forecast 2016 - 2024 Apr. 18, 2017 at 12:49 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Pyrogen Testing Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 Pyrogen Testing Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 Apr. 6, 2017 at 4:24 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Global Benzaldehyde Market Research Report - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends And Forecast Global Benzaldehyde Market Research Report - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends And Forecast Apr. 5, 2017 at 1:24 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Separation Systems for Commercial Biotechnology Separation Systems for Commercial Biotechnology Apr. 3, 2017 at 5:52 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF The Medicines Company Appoints Paris Panayiotopoulos to Its Board of Directors The Medicines Company Appoints Paris Panayiotopoulos to Its Board of Directors Mar. 31, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Merck KGaA ADR Merck KGaA engages in the manufacturing of pharmaceutical and chemical products. It operates through the following segments: Healthcare, Life Science, and Performance Materials. The Healthcare segment comprises of the businesses that were reported separately as the Merck Serono and Consumer Health segments in the previous year. The Life Science segment includes the Merck Millipore business as well as the acquired life science business of the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, USA. The Performance Materials segment corresponds to the acquired SAFC Hitech business of Sigma-Aldrich. The company was founded by Friedrich Jacob Merck in 1668 and is headquartered in Darmstadt, Germany. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 25 Full Ratings Goldman Says These 25 Healthcare Stocks Are Immune To The Election Oct. 24, 2016 at 10:56 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Has Cancer Research Become Cancerous? Same Cancer Strategy Targeted By 'Too Many Drugmakers,' Say Regulators Jun. 13, 2016 at 9:37 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Amgen Inc. 0.57% $115.58B Biogen Inc. 0.58% $53.69B Abbott Laboratories -0.23% $74.76B Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. -1.16% $89.64B Pfizer Inc. -0.03% $192.34B Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Trending Tickers Powered by GLYC 98.70% BABA 0.46% CRM -0.10% GOOG 1.15% WMT 3.22% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Travelers Vaccines Market Report 2017: CNBG, Biokangtai, Sanofi Pasteur, Pfizer, Merck DecisionDatabases.com announces a new report “2017-2022 Global Top Countries Travelers Vaccines Market Report” added to its database. The report provides key statistics on the current state of the industry and other analytical data to understand the market. This report studies Travelers Vaccines in Global market, especially in United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Russia, China, Japan, India, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, Brazil, Middle East and Africa. Browse Full Report with TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/15326-travelers-vaccines-market-analysis-report The report focuses on the top Manufacturers in each country, covering: GlaxoSmithKline/Novartis, Sanofi Pasteur, Pfizer, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur MSD, CNBG, Biokangtai Split by Product Types, with sales, revenue, price, market share of each type: Meningococcal Vaccine, Japanese Encephalitis Vaccine, Rabies Vaccine, Typhoid Vaccine, Yellow Fever Vaccine, Hepatitis B Vaccine, Hepatitis A Vaccine, Cholera Vaccine, Others Vaccines Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Travelers Vaccines in each application: Tourists, Students, Workers,  Others Download Free Sample Report of Travelers Vaccines Market @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-15326 Table of Contents – Snapshot 1 Market Overview 2 Global Sales, Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Manufacturers 3 Global Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 4 Global Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5 North America Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 6 Latin America Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 7 Europe Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 8 Asia-Pacific Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 9 Middle East and Africa Sales, Revenue (Value) by Countries, Type and Application (2012-2017) 10 Manufacturing Cost Analysis 11 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 12 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 13 Market Effect Factors Analysis 14 Global Market Forecast (2017-2022) 15 Research Findings and Conclusion 16 Appendix Order the Complete Travelers Vaccines Market Research Report @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-15326 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For More Details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com/ CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Travelers Vaccines Market, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Travelers Vaccines, Travelers Vaccines Industry, Travelers Vaccines Market, Travelers Vaccines Market Forecast, Travelers Vaccines Market Manufacturers, Travelers Vaccines Market Report, Travelers Vaccines Market Research Report, Travelers Vaccines Market Share Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Methyl-M-Methyl Benzoate Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Experience Wonderful Musical Blast in Hefe Music’s -Freak- Search Recent Posts Global Mhealth (Mobile Health) Market expected to grow in near future with a high CAGR of 38+% from 2017 to 2022 KORA Organics, Created By Miranda Kerr, to Launch NEW Noni Glow Collection In ALL Sephora Doors Nationwide, May 19th Jodi M. Fry is recognized by Continental Who’s Who Digital Realty to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences Cohen Veterans Bioscience and the Broad Institute’s Stanley Center for Psychiatric Research with PTSD researchers from the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium Announce Initial Findings from Largest Study of Genetic Markers for Post-Traumatic Stress Diso Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Corporate News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Gainers & Losers Of May 17: SNDX, PULM, PBYI, CNCE, XLRN... 5/17/2017 10:23 PM ET The following are some of the biotech stocks that made their way onto the Day's Gainers & Losers' list of May 17, 2017. GAINERS 1. Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc. (SNDX) Gained 44.62% to close Wednesday's (May 17) trading at $13.58. News: The Company reported results from melanoma cohort of its ongoing phase II trial of Entinostat in combination with Merck's KEYTRUDA. The results have shown that the addition of Entinostat can result in meaningful responses in patients who have progressed on an anti-PD-1 or anti-PD-1/anti-CTLA-4 regimen like KEYTRUDA, which is an area of very high unmet medical need, according to the Company. 2. Pulmatrix Inc. (PULM) Gained 18.88% to close Wednesday's trading at $2.77. News: In an interview to Stock-Sector.com, Pulmatrix CFO William Duke spoke about the market potential of his Company's investigational inhaled therapy PUR1900. PUR1900 that targets fungal infections for severe asthma and cystic fibrosis patients is under non clinical development, and according to the CFO, PUR1900 has a blockbuster potential. Near-term catalysts: -- The Company expects pre-clinical data on PUR1900 targeting fungal infections for severe asthma and cystic fibrosis patients in the first half of 2017 -- Secure a strategic partner(s) on PUR0200, the company's most-advanced drug candidate, in the first half of 2017. PUR0200 is a novel dry powder formulation of a currently marketed once daily LAMA bronchodilator Spiriva HandiHaler, for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. PUR0200 is currently being developed in Europe based on PK bioequivalence, and the US development program is being planned. -- Pulmatrix intends to seek a pre-IND meeting with the FDA to inform the US clinical development path for PUR0200 in the second half of 2017. -- Continue CMC development work in the first half of 2017 to support a future European pivotal pharmacokinetic bioequivalence approval study as well as the US development path. 3. Puma Biotechnology Inc. (PBYI) Gained 13.46% to close Wednesday's trading at $36.25 News: The Company made a presentation at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 20th Annual Health Care Conference on May 16, 2017. Near-term catalyst: The Company's NDA for Neratinib for the extended adjuvant treatment of early stage HER2-positive breast cancer is scheduled to be reviewed by an FDA panel on May 24, 2017. 4. Mirati Therapeutics Inc. (MRTX) Gained 8.96% to close Wednesday's trading at $3.65. News: No news The company's clinical programs include Glesatinib, under phase II study in non-small cell lung cancer; Sitravatinib, under phase 1b trial for the treatment of genetically-selected non-small cell lung cancer and other solid tumors, and Mocetinostat, under a phase 1b/2 trial in patients with advanced solid tumors and NSCLC. Near-term catalysts: -- Additional update on the Glesatinib program is expected in the second half of 2017 -- Additional update on the Sitravatinib program is anticipated in Q3 2017 and -- -- Additional update on the Mocetinostat program is expected in mid-year 2017. 5. Omeros Corp. (OMER) Gained 8.70% to close Wednesday's trading at $16.25. News: The Company reported additional positive results from the first stage of its phase II clinical trial of OMS721 for the treatment of serious kidney disorders. The first stage in the phase 2 trial includes four different types of complement-associated kidney diseases: IgA nephropathy, membranous nephropathy, lupus nephritis, and complement component 3 (C3) glomerulopathy. The additional results reported today were that of the IgA nephropathy patients, expanding on the data reported earlier this year and further demonstrating marked and statistically significant improvement in urine protein levels (proteinuria). The Company is preparing for its Phase 3 clinical trial in IgA nephropathy, and is continuing to conduct the second stage of its ongoing Phase 2 clinical trial in which OMS721 is evaluated in non-steroid-treated patients with IgA nephropathy. 6. Titan Pharmaceuticals Inc. (TTNP) Gained 8.51% to close Wednesday's trading at $2.55, continuing its rally for the second straight day. News: No news Recent event: The Company reported financial results for the first quarter 2017 on May 10th. Net loss applicable to common shareholders in the first quarter of 2017 widened to $3.0 million or $0.14 per share from $1.8 million or $0.09 per share in the same quarter in 2016. Titan's revenue was approximately $40,000 in the first quarter of 2017 compared with no revenue in the same period of a year ago. Near-term catalyst: The Company has sought FDA's permission to begin clinical trial of Ropinirole implant for Parkinson's disease. The regulatory agency has requested additional information, which the Company plans to submit by the end of the second quarter. If all goes well as planned, the Company will initiate a phase I/II pharmacokinetic study in the third quarter. 7. Coherus Biosciences Inc. (CHRS) Gained 7.94% to close Wednesday's trading at $23.80. News: The Company has scored a victory in inter partes review with the Patent Trial and Appeal Board invalidating a key patent covering AbbVie's (ABBV) autoimmune disease drug Humira. Coherus filed an inter partes review petition against AbbVie's patents related to a 40 mg biweekly dosing regimen for treating rheumatoid arthritis with Humira in November 2015. Coherus' investigational drug CHS-1420, which is a biosimilar candidate to Humira, successfully completed phase III testing in January of this year. Near-term catalystS: -- Anticipate a 351(k) Biologics License Application submission of CHS-1420 in the U.S. at or near the end of second quarter of 2017. -- FDA decision on CHS-1701, a proposed biosimilar to Amgen's (AMGN) blockbuster Neulasta, is expected on June 9, 2017. LOSERS 1. Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN) Lost 12.31% to close Wednesday's trading at $26.57. News: No news Recent event: On May 8, the Company reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017, which fell short of analysts' expectations. Net loss for Q1, 2017 was $25.41 million or $0.66 per share on collaboration revenue of $3.71 million. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expected the Company to incur a loss of $0.60 per share on revenue of $4.13 million. In the year-ago first quarter, the Company had reported a net income of $5.06 million or $0.13 per share and collaboration revenue of $18.20 million. 2. Concert Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CNCE) Lost 7.48% to close Wednesday's trading at $14.85. News: The FDA has placed a clinical hold on the Company's Phase 2a clinical trial of CTP-543 for alopecia areata, also known as spot baldness. The regulatory agency has informed the Company that a review of certain recently completed non-clinical toxicology studies is required before CTP-543 can advance to phase IIa trial. Safety concerns are not the reason for the FDA's decision to impose the clinical hold, the Company noted. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Dubai For Lunch? The 10 Longest Non-Stop Flights On Earth The 10 Worst Countries in the World For Health Care Music City Miracle: The 10 Hottest U.S. Housing Markets May Surprise You Previous Story Next Story Corporate News Company Spotlight: GlycoMimetics Gainers & Losers Of May 18: ACHN, IMGN, GTHX, ELGX, NLNK... The 10 Longest Non-Stop Flights On Earth Fox News Mastermind Roger Ailes Has Died GM Quits India, South Africa Household Debt Rises Above 2008 Peak Walmart Q1 EPS Up, Tops View; Sees Higher Comps In Q2 Eagle Materials Inc. Q4 Earnings Retreat 7% Alex Jones Apologizes To Chobani, Settles Lawsuit Merck KgaA Q1 Profit Dips, Adj. EBITDA Rises; Backs FY17 Sales Growth View SNDX Rises On Entinostat Data, Kalydeco Gets FDA Nod, Concert Fails To Enthrall Synopsys Inc Reveals 8% Increase In Q2 Earnings Flowers Foods Inc Profit Retreats 11% In Q1 Valeant, Activis Call Truce Over Xifaxan Biz Stone To Save The Day At Twitter? <<Previous        49 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Coherus BioSciences Inc. (CHRS) Leaped After Patent Victory EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Coherus Biosciences, Inc. Q4 Earnings Report Trade CHRS now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed FCC Votes To Move Forward With Efforts To Roll Back Net Neutrality Fox News Mastermind Roger Ailes Has Died GM Quits India, South Africa Household Debt Rises Above 2008 Peak Walmart Q1 EPS Up, Tops View; Sees Higher Comps In Q2 Alex Jones Apologizes To Chobani, Settles Lawsuit Merck KgaA Q1 Profit Dips, Adj. EBITDA Rises; Backs FY17 Sales Growth View Valeant, Activis Call Truce Over Xifaxan Biz Stone To Save The Day At Twitter? Ford Cutting White-Collar Jobs, Mostly Via Buyouts Thailand Doesn't Ban Facebook After King Crop-Top Video Facebook Refunds Some Advertisers After Measurement Error AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls Gainers & Losers Of May 16: AKBA, MTFB, TTNP, IMUC, CAPR... Gainers & Losers Of May 15: CBMG, ETRM, ALNY, EGRX, ONCS... Thailand Doesn't Ban Facebook After King Crop-Top Video SNDX Rises On Entinostat Data, Kalydeco Gets FDA Nod, Concert Fails To Enthrall Gainers & Losers Of May 17: SNDX, PULM, PBYI, CNCE, XLRN... AZN's PACIFIC Proves To Have Depth, ARDX Abuzz, No Flashy Data From ALLSTAR Riding High: Hortonworks Inc. U.S. Dips On Fragile States Index; South Sudan Most Fragile State Lyft, Waymo Sign Collaboration Deal On Self-driving Cars Court Says Google Is Not Generic Merck KgaA Q1 Profit Dips, Adj. EBITDA Rises; Backs FY17 Sales Growth View MP3 Creators Declare Format Dead General Mills Giving Away Marshmallow-Only Lucky Charms K3 Business Now Sees FY Results Significantly Below Market View; Stock Plunges SGL Carbon Backs Net Loss Forecast For FY17; Sees Higher Sales - Quick Facts Baby Wipes Recalled For Mold Risk The TJX Companies, Inc. Q1 Income Climbs 5% AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls Lyndon Rive, Former SolarCity CEO, To Leave Tesla ABN AMRO Intends To Appoint Abrahams As Member Of Executive Board And CFO EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Clean Diesel Technologies Inc. Q1 Earnings Report Johnson & Johnson Posting Strong Gain On Upgrade By JPMorgan Ionis Pharmaceuticals Posting Steep Loss In Afternoon Trading Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Top 3 Trends Impacting the Global ENT Disorder Treatment Market Through 2021: Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Technavio’s latest market research report on the global ENT disorder treatment market provides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline. Sapna Jha, a lead analyst from Technavio, specializing in research on cardiovascular and metabolic disorders sector says, “The ENT disorder treatment market is expected to benefit from the highly generic nature of the disorders and will grow because of the deteriorating nature of the environment. Rhinitis is one of the most prevalent ENT disorders and has been affecting a large number of people across the world.” Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. The top three emerging market trends driving the global ENT disorder treatment market according to Technavio research analysts are: Growing consolidation in industry particularly for rhinitis Increase in research on allergic disorders Awareness about controlled usage of antibiotics Growing consolidation in industry particularly for rhinitis There is growing consolidation in the ENT disorder treatment market. For instance, in 2014, Novartis and GSK agreed to re-align their product offerings to focus on their respective core strengths. Such consolidations help to avoid unnecessary competition, which in turn, helps the market to grow. Rhinitis is expected to hold 70%-80% of total ENT drug pipeline. The rising prevalence of allergic diseases, especially rhinitis, has motivated companies to invest in the segment and this is expected to drive the market in the coming years. Some of the major companies such as GSK and Merck are showing strong potential in the allergic rhinitis market, owing to their strong pipeline. Increase in research on allergic disorders The Australasian Society of Clinical Immunology and Allergy, Allergy and Anaphylaxis Australia, and the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology are working for a better understanding of allergic diseases. So much so, that allergic disorders are increasingly being considered as major public health threats. “Environmental deterioration and lifestyle changes brought about by urbanization are triggering allergic diseases. These factors are driving the need for prioritization on R&D in the field of allergic disorders,” says Sapna. The burgeoning R&D pipeline of immunotherapy predicts its rapid growth in the coming times. For instance, ALK has five distinct sublingual immunotherapy tablets under clinical development. Most of the key vendors of the market such as GSK and Sanofi are working on their pipeline to introduce drugs for allergic diseases such as allergic rhinitis. Awareness about controlled usage of antibiotics Antibiotic resistance is one of the major problems being faced by the medical world today. It can be defined as an occasion when a microorganism changes itself and no longer remains sensitive to that particular antibiotic, as a result of which, the antibiotic is no longer capable of killing or inhibiting the growth of the bacteria. Antibiotic resistance leads to several other problems such as longer treatment regimens, longer hospitalizations, and increased side effects. This leads to enormous burdens on the healthcare system, using significant economic and human resources. Many global organizations are working to raise awareness about the excess usage of antibiotics. For instance, the WHO launched a campaign for the reduction of antibiotic usage from 14-20 November 2016. Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like oncology, vaccines, and urology devices. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Broadband Satellite Internet Technologies Are Poised To Compete With Cable Says SatelliteWerx Next PostNext Fragrance Market 2017 Indian Trends, Market Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities, and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Baxter to Present at the Goldman Sachs 38th Annual Healthcare Conference Ladder Capital Corp to Present at the KBW Mortgage Finance & Asset Management Conference Eating more fruits and vegetables may lower risk of blockages in leg arteries JW Player Appoints Bill Day Chief Operating Officer Kalamazoo Valley Holds Police Academy Graduation May 19 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Top 3 Trends Impacting the Global ENT Disorder Treatment Market Through 2021: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global ENT disorder treatment market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global ENT disorder treatment market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 18, 2017 04:06 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio’s latest market research report on the global ENT disorder treatment market provides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline. Sapna Jha, a lead analyst from Technavio, specializing in research on cardiovascular and metabolic disorders sector says, “The ENT disorder treatment market is expected to benefit from the highly generic nature of the disorders and will grow because of the deteriorating nature of the environment. Rhinitis is one of the most prevalent ENT disorders and has been affecting a large number of people across the world.” Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. The top three emerging market trends driving the global ENT disorder treatment market according to Technavio research analysts are: Growing consolidation in industry particularly for rhinitis Increase in research on allergic disorders Awareness about controlled usage of antibiotics Growing consolidation in industry particularly for rhinitis There is growing consolidation in the ENT disorder treatment market. For instance, in 2014, Novartis and GSK agreed to re-align their product offerings to focus on their respective core strengths. Such consolidations help to avoid unnecessary competition, which in turn, helps the market to grow. Rhinitis is expected to hold 70%-80% of total ENT drug pipeline. The rising prevalence of allergic diseases, especially rhinitis, has motivated companies to invest in the segment and this is expected to drive the market in the coming years. Some of the major companies such as GSK and Merck are showing strong potential in the allergic rhinitis market, owing to their strong pipeline. Increase in research on allergic disorders The Australasian Society of Clinical Immunology and Allergy, Allergy and Anaphylaxis Australia, and the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology are working for a better understanding of allergic diseases. So much so, that allergic disorders are increasingly being considered as major public health threats. “Environmental deterioration and lifestyle changes brought about by urbanization are triggering allergic diseases. These factors are driving the need for prioritization on R&D in the field of allergic disorders,” says Sapna. The burgeoning R&D pipeline of immunotherapy predicts its rapid growth in the coming times. For instance, ALK has five distinct sublingual immunotherapy tablets under clinical development. Most of the key vendors of the market such as GSK and Sanofi are working on their pipeline to introduce drugs for allergic diseases such as allergic rhinitis. Awareness about controlled usage of antibiotics Antibiotic resistance is one of the major problems being faced by the medical world today. It can be defined as an occasion when a microorganism changes itself and no longer remains sensitive to that particular antibiotic, as a result of which, the antibiotic is no longer capable of killing or inhibiting the growth of the bacteria. Antibiotic resistance leads to several other problems such as longer treatment regimens, longer hospitalizations, and increased side effects. This leads to enormous burdens on the healthcare system, using significant economic and human resources. Many global organizations are working to raise awareness about the excess usage of antibiotics. For instance, the WHO launched a campaign for the reduction of antibiotic usage from 14-20 November 2016. Browse Related Reports: Global Neutropenia Treatment Market 2017-2021 Global Swine Health Market 2017-2021 Global Botanical and Plant-Derived Drugs Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like oncology, vaccines, and urology devices. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio’s latest market research report on the global ENT disorder treatment market provides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017-2021. #Hashtags #ENTtreatment #Research #Technavio Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Attendee List Released for Pre-Filled Syringes San Diego Summit SAN DIEGO, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — With just over 2 weeks to go, SMi Group have released an attendee list featuring a global audience of scientists, medical device experts and industry leaders for Pre-Filled Syringes West Coast 2017 taking place in San Diego, California. As well as USA representation, other nations present will include Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Japan and Sweden. A snapshot of organisations confirmed to join Pre-Filled Syringes West Coast include: Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie, Amgen Incorporated, Aptar Pharma, AstraZeneca, Aurobindo Pharma USA Inc., BCM Group LLC, Biogen Incorporated, Centurion Medical Products, Daicel Corporation, Eli Lilly, Ermo, FDA, Forest Laboratories, Janssen, McArdle & Associates, LLC, Merck Research Laboratories, MITSUBISHI GAS CHEMICAL, Nemera, Nipro, Nipro Europe NV, Novo Nordisk A/S, Nye Lubricants, Pfizer Global Pharmaceuticals, Philips – Medisize, Plastibell DTP Holding, Regeneron Pharmaceuitcals Inc, Robert Bosch Packaging Technology Inc, Sandoz Pharmaceuticals, SCHOTT Pharmaceutical Packaging, Schreiner MediPharm, Shire, Smithers Rapra, Takeda, Terumo Pharmaceutical Solutions, TESARO, West Pharmaceuticals Services Inc, Zeon Chemicals L.P. and more. The preliminary attendee list and a series of interviews with key speakers such as SCHOTT, Eli Lilly and Shire are also available to read in the event website’s download centre. Pre-Filled Syringes West Coast takes place on June 5th and 6th, 2017 at the Hyatt Regency, San Diego, CA. Further information including a detailed agenda and full speaker line-up is available at www.prefilled-syringes-westcoast.com. Contact Information: For all media inquiries, contact Teri Arri on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6162 / Email: tarri@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk. Photo(s): https://www.prlog.org/12640831 Press release distributed by PRLog To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/attendee-list-released-for-pre-filled-syringes-san-diego-summit-300460177.html SOURCE SMi Group CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Steel Cords Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size 2024 | Research Report Next PostNext Cogmedix Successfully Passes ISO 13485:2016 Recertification Audit Search Recent Posts Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Interventional Radiology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A drug ad made its way into an episode of the soap opera 'General Hospital' Damian Garde, STAT May 18, 2017, 1:03 PM 4,434 facebook linkedin twitter email print Anna Devane, the character from "General Hospital" diagnosed with PV. ABC via YouTube Anna Devane has survived assassination plots, severe frostbite, and a boat explosion that left her with amnesia. Now, resigned to a hospital bed with inexplicable fatigue, she’s facing perhaps her most fearsome adversary. “There’s no easy way to put this, Anna,” said Dr. Griffin Munro, a former Catholic priest who is also the out-of-wedlock son of Devane’s mob-connected ex-husband. “You have cancer.” Devane is a soap opera character, as you might have guessed, appearing for the last 32 years on “General Hospital.” And her dramatic diagnosis is brought to you by Incyte Corp., a biotech company that happens to market a drug for her on-screen disease, the rare blood disorder polycythemia vera. The scene, which aired in February, is a novel twist on what’s called unbranded advertising, in which drug companies detail the symptoms of a disease but refrain from mentioning the names of any drugs. As with all commercial advertising, the basic idea is to sell a product, but unbranded ads take an indirect approach. Instead of extolling the virtues of a particular drug — which would require reading off a plodding list of side effects — companies are betting that so-called disease-awareness ads will push patients to visit a doctor and end up with a prescription for their product. Over the past year, Mylan has used unbranded ads to clandestinely promote its EpiPen injection, and the likes of Novartis, Merck, and AstraZeneca have sponsored similar spots. But Incyte’s relationship with “General Hospital” seems to flirt with outright drug promotion, according to a pair of cancer experts. That’s because Devane, upon hearing about the standard treatment for her disease, tells her doctor-cum-son-in-law that it sounds like he’s “treating the symptoms of this cancer; how do we beat it?” As it happens, Incyte’s product is approved only for polycythemia vera patients who don’t get results from the generic drugs of which Devane is skeptical. That makes her protestation sound like “a subtle promotion” for Incyte, Dr. Vinay Prasad and Sham Mailankody write in a Journal of the American Medical Association editorial published today. More worrying to Prasad and Mailankody is the potential for medical error. Polycythemia vera is rare, affecting fewer than 2 of every 100,000 people, and broadcasting its relatively vague symptoms to an unsophisticated audience could lead to over-diagnosis, the authors write. Incyte didn’t respond to emailed questions about the “General Hospital” partnership, including how much it paid to get the scene on the air. Incyte’s move to bake a disease-awareness campaign into a TV show looks to be an industry first, according to John Kamp, executive director of the Coalition for Healthcare Communication, a trade group for pharmaceutical marketing companies. And he thinks it’s a clever way to educate the public about a serious disease. “The viewers of ‘General Hospital’ are a pretty important audience for information like this,” Kamp said, noting that caregivers tend to be home for daytime TV’s broadcast hours. “I’ve got to say, it’s aggressive, but it’s smart.” Of course, that assumes Incyte’s target audience doesn’t confuse the reality of polycythemia vera with the twists and turns of life in a soap opera. Just last week, “General Hospital” revealed that the real Devane is in fact being held hostage in London. The woman who learned about the rare blood disease before an audience of millions was in fact her twin sister, Alex. Read the original article on STAT. Copyright 2017. Follow STAT on Twitter. More from STAT: SEE ALSO: Here's what doctors and patient advocates think about the Republican healthcare bill NOW WATCH: 15 things you didn't know your iPhone headphones could do Loading video... More: Stat STAT News Health Medicine Biotech Soap Opera facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A drug ad made its way into an episode of the soap opera 'General Hospital' A drug ad made its way into an episode of the soap opera 'General Hospital' Anna Devane has survived assassination plots... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Science Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) Market and Urology Endoscopes Industry 2025 Key Industry Drivers, Opportunities, Restraints and Challenges “Market Research Reports and Industry Analysis” OrbisResearch.com has published “PharmaPoint: Rheumatoid Arthritis-Global Drug Forecast and Market Analysis to 2025” and “MediPoint: Urology Endoscopes-Global Analysis and Market Forecasts” market report to its research database. Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic autoimmune disease which causes inflammation and deformity of the joints. It affects over six million individuals in the 8MM covered in this report (US, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, UK, Japan, and Australia) and this prevalence is expected to grow to just shy of 7 million individuals by 2025. The anti-TNFs have been effective in treating the signs and symptoms of RA and inhibiting progression to erosive bone disease. However, the landscape is quickly changing with the introduction of biosimilars, novel biologics, and a class of oral therapies known as JAK inhibitors, all of which will change the market dynamics between 2015 and 2025. With the anti-TNFs as extremely effective for RA, the market is extremely competitive for new entrants and will undergo further pressure as biosimilars launch across the 8MM and begin to gain traction in these markets. Key players listed in the report are AbbVie, Pfizer, Amgen, Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly, Bristol-Myers Squibb, UCB, Roche, GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi, AstraZeneca- MedImmune, Astellas, Daiichi Sankyo, Samsung Bioepis, Sandoz. Requets a sample of RA Industry @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/289566 . Scope – Overview of rheumatoid arthritis (RA), including etiology, pathophysiology, and country-specific diagnosis and treatment recommendations. – Annualized RA market revenue, annual cost of therapy and treatment usage pattern data from 2015 and forecast for ten years to 2025. – Key topics covered include strategic competitor assessment, market characterization, unmet needs, clinical trial mapping, and implications for the RA biologics and biosimilars markets. – Pipeline analysis: comprehensive data split across different phases and emerging trends, specifically JAK inhibitors (such as Eli Lilly/Incyte’s Olumiant (baricitinib), novel biologics (such as AstraZeneca-MedImmune’s mavrilimumab), and biosimilars (such as Celltrion/Hospira/Pfizer’s Inflectra/Remsima, Samsung Bioepis/Biogen/Merck’s Flixabi and Benepali, Sandoz’s Erelzi, and Amgen’s Amjevita). – Analysis of the current and future market competition in the global RA market. Insightful review of the key industry and governmental drivers, restraints and challenges. Each trend is independently researched to provide qualitative analysis of its implications. Purchase a copy of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) market report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/289566 . Scope of the Urology Endoscopes-Global Analysis and Market Forecasts – Competitive assessment: Currently marketed urology endoscopes and evolving competitive landscape – In-depth analysis of unmet needs and adoption trends of different urology endoscopes – Insightful review of the key industry drivers, opportunities, restraints and challenges. – Annualized total urology endoscopes market revenue by segment and market outlooks from 2013-2023. – Other key topics covered include strategic competitive assessment, identification of unmet needs, and market dynamics. Key companies listed in the Urology Endoscopes Industry report are Boston Scientific Corporation, Cogentix Medical, Inc., Karl Storz GmbH & Co., Olympus Corporation, Pentax Medical, Richard Wolf GmbH, Stryker Corporation. Reasons to buy The report will enable you to – – Develop and design your in-licensing and out-licensing strategies through a review of pipeline products and technologies, and by identifying the companies with the most robust pipeline. – Develop business strategies by understanding the trends shaping and driving the urology endoscopes market. – Drive revenues by understanding the key trends, innovative products and technologies, market segments, and companies likely to impact the urology endoscopes market in the future. – Formulate effective sales and marketing strategies by understanding the competitive landscape and by analyzing the performance of various competitors. – Identify emerging players with potentially strong product portfolios and create effective counter-strategies to gain a competitive advantage. – Track device sales in the global and country-specific urology endoscopes market from 2013-2023. – Organize your sales and marketing efforts by identifying the market categories and segments that present maximum opportunities for consolidations, investments and strategic partnerships. Request a sample of the Urology Endoscopes Market report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/289575 . Summary Urology Endoscopes include – – Cystoscopes – Resectoscopes – Ureteroscopes Growth in the urology endoscopes market is driven by – – Technological advancements in endoscopes – Rising prevalence of urology disorders The global market for urology endoscopes is led by – – Olympus Corporation – Karl Storz GmbH & Co. – Pentax Medical Company – Richard Wolf GmbH – Stryker Corporation About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Media Contact Company Name: Orbis Research Contact Person: Hector Costello Email: sales@orbisresearch.com Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Address:4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600 City: Dallas State: Texas Country: United States Website: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/pharmapoint-rheumatoid-arthritis-global-drug-forecast-and-market-analysis-to-2025 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, News & Current Affairs, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, UK Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nedbank Group – Update on performance Next PostNext Morocco – Second Capital Market Development and Small and Medium-Size Enterprise Finance Development Policy Loan Search Recent Posts Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Interventional Radiology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 Attendee List Released for Pre-Filled Syringes San Diego Summit Leading medical device and drug delivery experts from industry and science set to gather at Pre-Filled Syringes West Coast 2017   Pre-Filled Syringes West Coast 2017 SAN DIEGO - May 18, 2017 - PRLog -- With just over 2 weeks to go, SMi Group have released an attendee list featuring a global audience of scientists, medical device experts and industry leaders for Pre-Filled Syringes West Coast 2017 taking place in San Diego, California. As well as USA representation, other nations present will include Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Japan and Sweden. A snapshot of organisations confirmed to join Pre-Filled Syringes West Coast include: Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie, Amgen Incorporated, Aptar Pharma, AstraZeneca, Aurobindo Pharma USA Inc., BCM Group LLC, Biogen Incorporated, Centurion Medical Products, Daicel Corporation, Eli Lilly, Ermo, FDA, Forest Laboratories, Janssen, McArdle & Associates, LLC, Merck Research Laboratories, MITSUBISHI GAS CHEMICAL, Nemera, Nipro, Nipro Europe NV, Novo Nordisk A/S, Nye Lubricants, Pfizer Global Pharmaceuticals, Philips – Medisize, Plastibell DTP Holding, Regeneron Pharmaceuitcals Inc, Robert Bosch Packaging Technology Inc, Sandoz Pharmaceuticals, SCHOTT Pharmaceutical Packaging, Schreiner MediPharm, Shire, Smithers Rapra, Takeda, Terumo Pharmaceutical Solutions, TESARO, West Pharmaceuticals Services Inc, Zeon Chemicals L.P. and more. The preliminary attendee list and a series of interviews with key speakers such as SCHOTT, Eli Lilly and Shire are also available to read in the event website's download centre. Pre-Filled Syringes West Coast takes place on June 5th and 6th, 2017 at the Hyatt Regency, San Diego, CA. Further information including a detailed agenda and full speaker line-up is available at www.prefilled-syringes-westcoast.com. ---end--- Contact Information: For all media inquiries, contact Teri Arri on Tel: +44 (0)20 7827 6162 / Email: tarri@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk. Photo: https://www.prlog.org/12640831/1 End Source : SMi Group Email : ***@smi-online.co.uk Phone : +442078276000 Tags : Prefilled, Syringe, Pfs, Prefilled Syringe, Parenteral, Drug Delivery, Leachable, Medical Device, Injectable, Human Factor Engineering Industry : Biotech, Health, Manufacturing, Medical, Science Location : San Diego - California - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse SMi Group Ltd. PRs Estonia, Slovenia, Czech Republic and Macedonia Armed Forces provides updates on UAV capabilities Agenda released for Air Missile Defence Technology 2017 10 Critical Updates Surrounding Biosample Storage Unveiled at 7th Annual Summit US Air Force PDSA to speak at the 2nd annual MilSatCom USA Janssen, Cara Therapeutics, Nektar, Pharmaleads and Centrexion Meet to Combat Opioid Addiction SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
For full functionality, it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Top categories Blood / Hematology Bones / Orthopedics Breast Cancer Colorectal Cancer Depression Eczema / Psoriasis GastroIntestinal Hypertension Lymphoma / Leukemia Men's Health Neurology / Neuroscience Nutrition / Diet Pain / Anesthetics Prostate / Prostate Cancer Respiratory Sexual Health / STDs Stroke Tuberculosis Urology / Nephrology Women's Health All categories A - B C - D E - G H - L M - O P - R S - Z All Topics Your MNT Not a member yet? Get the most out of Medical News Today. Subscribe to our Newsletter to recieve: Professionally-verified articles Daily or weekly updates Content custom-tailored to your needs Create an account More Sign up for our newsletter Discover in-depth, condition specific articles written by our in-house team. Join a discussion Newsletter MNT - Hourly Medical News Since 2003 Search Go Login Not a member yet? Get the most out of Medical News Today. Subscribe to our Newsletter to recieve: Professionally-verified articles Daily or weekly updates Content custom-tailored to your needs Create an account Log-in to your account Sign in Forgot your password? Top categories Blood / Hematology Bones / Orthopedics Breast Cancer Colorectal Cancer Depression Eczema / Psoriasis GastroIntestinal Hypertension Lymphoma / Leukemia Men's Health Neurology / Neuroscience Nutrition / Diet Pain / Anesthetics Prostate / Prostate Cancer Respiratory Sexual Health / STDs Stroke Tuberculosis Urology / Nephrology Women's Health All categories A - B C - D E - G H - L M - O P - R S - Z All Topics Your MNT Not a member yet? Get the most out of Medical News Today. Subscribe to our Newsletter to recieve: Professionally-verified articles Daily or weekly updates Content custom-tailored to your needs Create an account More Sign up for our newsletter Discover in-depth, condition specific articles written by our in-house team. Join a discussion Newsletter MNT - Hourly Medical News Since 2003 Search Go Login Not a member yet? Get the most out of Medical News Today. Subscribe to our Newsletter to recieve: Professionally-verified articles Daily or weekly updates Content custom-tailored to your needs Create an account Log-in to your account Sign in Forgot your password? Account dashboard Create / edit your custom homepage Edit your newsletter settings View your opinions Edit your MNT profile Update your password settings Log out Your MNT account status Basic registration information Set a secure password Customize your newsletter(s) Set your MNT news preferences Check your inbox to confirm your email address Please refer to your activation email.If you would like to request a new activation link, click the button to request another. Adapted Media Release Conferences The Conference Forum Announces "Rational Combinations 360°" Conference in June in NYC Published: Thursday 18 May 2017 Published: Thu 18 May 2017 email The Conference Forum is pleased to announce the 2nd annual Rational Combinations 360° conference to be held on June 28-29, 2017 at The New York Academy of Medicine in New York City. Designed by lead advisors Dr Axel Hoos (GlaxoSmithKline), Dr Patrick Hwu (MD Anderson) and Dr Ian McCaffery (Corvus Pharmaceuticals), the program provides the most up-to-date progress on combination developments and is the only event that addresses business aspects, clinical advancements and scientific data that will help prioritize the best cancer treatments for individual patients and tumor types. "The breadth of what we have is enormous and there is a lot of opportunity rising from it," said Dr Axel Hoos, SVP of Oncology R&D at GSK. "What combinations also do is brings complexity. There are business complexities coming from the speed and collaboration that are required in order to bring assets together." With so many promising cancer immunotherapies in the clinic and an encouraging pipeline of new targets being developed, additional discoveries are now underway to determine the most effective, personalized rational combinations for specific types of cancer. "When researching and building the Rational Combinations 360° program, we felt strongly that increased emphasis on prioritizing combinations will be crucial for decision-making within the IO space," said Kate Woda, Conference Director. "Companies are racing to bring combination therapies to the market, resulting in novel therapies and innovative trial designs that are creating increased momentum for investment and business development opportunities." Plenary sessions will expand on last year's inaugural program and are designed around several key areas, including: De-risking of Combination Immunotherapies Immuno Resistance - Drivers for Combination Therapy Novel Technologies and Emerging Biomarkers Clinical Combination Immunotherapies Business Aspects for Combination Immunotherapy Clinical Manifestations of Immunological Toxicities The speaking faculty for the program includes (as of 4/3/17): Arjun V Balar, MD, Director of GU Medical Oncology, Perlmutter Cancer Center, NYU Langone Roy Baynes, MD, PhD, SVP, Global Clinical Development, Merck Research Labs Lisa H Butterfield, PhD, President, Society of ImmunoTherapy of Cancer (SITC); Professor of Medicine, Surgery and Immunology, University of Pittsburgh; Director, Immunologic Monitoring and Cellular Products Laboratory, University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute (UPCI) Parker Cassidy, Chief Commercial Officer, Mitra Biotech Jason Coloma, SVP, Chief Business Officer, Corvus Pharma Roger Dansey, MD, SVP Global Clinical Development Oncology, Merck Research Laboratories Adi Diab, MD, Assistant Professor, Department of Melanoma Medical Oncology, Division of Cancer Medicine, MD Anderson Cancer Center Stanley Frankel, MD, Corporate VP, Head, Immuno-Oncology Clinical R&D, Celgene Jianjun Gao, MD, PhD, Assistant Professor, Genitourinary Medical Oncology, MD Anderson Cancer Center Julie Hambleton, MD, VP, Head US Medical, Research & Development, Bristol-Myers Squibb Kenneth Hance, PhD, MPH, Director, Antibody Therapies, Immuno-Oncology & Combinations Discovery Performance Unit, GlaxoSmithKline Axel Hoos, MD, PhD, SVP, Oncology R&D, GlaxoSmithKline Patrick Hwu, MD, Head, Division of Cancer Medicine, Department Chair, Melanoma, Medical Oncology Department Chair, Sarcoma Medical Oncology, MD Anderson Cancer Center Ramy Ibrahim, MD, VP and Head of R&D, Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy Chung-Han Lee, MD, PhD, Medical Oncologist, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center Roger Lo, MD, PhD, Professor, Medicine & Molecular and Medical Pharmacology, David Geffen School of Medicine, UCLA Ian McCaffery, PhD, VP Translational Sciences, Corvus Pharmaceuticals Ferran Prat, PhD, JD, VP, Strategic Industry Ventures, MD Anderson Cancer Center Benjamin Thorner, SVP & Head of Business Development & Licensing, Merck Research Laboratories David Wholley, MPhil, Director, Research Partnerships Division, Foundation for the National Institutes of Health Rational Combinations 360° is supported by partnerships with the Cancer Research Institute (CRI) and the Society of Immunotherapy for Cancer (SITC). The program is developed in collaboration with industry, academia, the investment community, government and providers to enable attendees to gain a true 360-degree perspective. This includes creating novel trial designs, investigating scientific data and approaches to combination immunotherapies, and capitalizing on market opportunities that will ultimately help revolutionize the way cancer is treated. Rate this article The Conference Forum Announces "Rational Combinations 360°" Conference in June in NYC Public / Patient Not yet rated Health Professionals Not yet rated Ratings require JavaScript to be enabled. 0 0 email email print References Additional information Citations These tabs require JavaScript to be enabled. Source: The Conference Forum Visit our Conferences category page for the latest news on this subject, or sign up to our newsletter to receive the latest updates on Conferences. Please use one of the following formats to cite this article in your essay, paper or report: MLA Forum, The Conference. "The Conference Forum Announces "Rational Combinations 360°" Conference in June in NYC." Medical News Today. MediLexicon, Intl., 18 May. 2017. Web. 19 May. 2017. <http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/317526.php> APA Forum, T. (2017, May 18). "The Conference Forum Announces "Rational Combinations 360°" Conference in June in NYC." Medical News Today. Retrieved from http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/317526.php. Please note: If no author information is provided, the source is cited instead. Contact our news editors For any corrections of factual information, or to contact our editorial team, please see our contact page. Please note: Any medical information published on this website is not intended as a substitute for informed medical advice and you should not take any action before consulting with a health care professional. For more information, please read our terms of use. Copyright Medical News Today: Excluding email/sharing services explicitly offered on this website, material published on Medical News Today may not be reproduced, or distributed without the prior written permission of Medilexicon International Ltd. Please contact us for further details. Most popular in: Conferences Biomarkers in Concussion Management to be Key Topic at Arrowhead Publishers' 7th Annual Traumatic Brain Injury Conference 5th Annual Chief Medical Officer Summit, May 10-11, 2017, Boston Leaders in the Drug Repositioning and Repurposing Field to Meet for 6th Annual Drug Repositioning Conference in Chicago in June 2017 Arrowhead Publishers' 11th Annual Pain and Migraine Therapeutics Summit Set to Take Place This Fall in San Diego, CA The Conference Forum Announces "Rational Combinations 360°" Conference in June in NYC Knowledge Center Detailed articles about specific areas of medicine, conditions, nutrition, and forms of treatment. Visit now Or choose a specific subject below. -- Select a subject -- Abscess (Dental) Achalasia Achilles Tendinitis Acid Reflux Acne Acoustic Neuroma (Vestibular Schwannoma) Acromegaly Actinomicosis Actinomycosis Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Acute Myeloid Leukemia Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome Addiction Addison’s Disease (Primary Adrenal Insufficiency) ADHD Adrenal Fatigue Agoraphobia Air Embolism (Gas Embolism) Albinism Alcohol Poisoning Alcoholic Liver Disease Alcoholism Allergy Alopecia Areata Altitude Sickness (Acute Mountain Sickness) Alzheimer's Disease AMD / Macular Degeneration Amenorrhea Amnesia Amniocentesis Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Anagen Effluvium Anal Cancer Anal Fissure Anal Itching (Itchy Bottom) Anaphylaxis Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS) Anemia Anemia (Vitamin Deficiency) Anesthesiologist Aneurysm Anger Angina Angioedema Anhidrosis (Hypohidrosis) Ankylosing Spondylitis Anorexia Nervosa Anthrax Antimicrobial Resistance Antiphospholipid Syndrome (Hughes Syndrome) Anxiety Aphasia Appendicitis Arrhythmia Arsenic Poisoning Arthritis Asperger Syndrome Asthma Astigmatism Ataxia Atherosclerosis Athlete's Foot Atrial Fibrillation Atrophic Vaginitis (Vaginal Atrophy) Autism Avian Influenza Back Pain Bacterial Vaginosis Baker's Cyst (Popliteal Cyst) Balanitis Baldness Bartholin's Cyst Bed Sores (Pressure Ulcers) Bell's Palsy Binge Eating Disorder Bipolar Disorder Bird Flu Blackheads Bladder Cancer Bladder Stones Blastoma Blepharitis Blisters Body Dysmorphic Disorder Body dysmorphic disorder Body Odor (B.O.) Boils, furuncles, carbuncles Bone Cancer Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) Botulism Brain Abscess (Cerebral Abscess) Breast Cancer Breast Cancer (Male) Breast Lumps Breast Pain (Mastalgia) Bronchiectasis (Bronchiectasia) Bronchitis Bulimia Nervosa Bursitis Cancer Candidiasis Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Carcinoma Cardiovascular Disease Carpal Tunnel Syndrome Cartilage Damage Cataracts Catatonic Schizophrenia Cellulite Cellulitis Cerebral Palsy Cerebrovascular Disease Cervical Cancer Cervical Spondylosis Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Chickenpox Child Abuse Childhood schizophrenia Chlamydia Cholecystitis (Gallbladder Inflammation) Cholera Cholestasis Of Pregnancy (Obstetric Cholestasis) Cholesterol Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) Chronic Kidney Failure Chronic Rhinosinusitis (CRS) Cirrhosis CJD Claustrophobia Clostridium Difficile (C. Difficile) Clubfoot (Talipes Equinovarus) Cluster Headache Cold Sores Colic Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Coma (Comatose) Common Cold Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS) Concussion Congenital Heart Disease (Congenital Heart Defect) Conjunctivitis (allergic) Conjunctivitis (infective) Constipation COPD, Emphysema Corns / Calluses Coronary Heart Disease (Coronary Artery Disease) Coronavirus Infection Costello Syndrome Cough Crabs (Pubic Lice) Craniosynostosis Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) Crohn's Disease Croup Cryptorchidism (Undescended Testicle) Cryptosporidiosis Cushing's Syndrome Cystic Acne Cystic Fibrosis Cystitis Cysts Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Dandruff Dandruff Deep Vein Thrombosis Degenerative Disc Disease Dehydration Delayed ejaculation Dementia Dengue Fever Depersonalization Depression Detached Retina DHT Diabetes Diabetes Insipidus Diabetic Neuropathy Diabetic Retinopathy Diarrhea Diphtheria Discoid Eczema (Nummular Dermatitis) Disorganized Schizophrenia (Hebephrenia) Diverticulitis Double Vision (Diplopia) Down Syndrome Dry Eye Syndrome Dry Mouth (Xerostomia) Dupuytren’s Contracture Dysautonomia Dysentery Dyslexia Dysphagia Dyspraxia Dystonia E.coli Earwax Impaction Ebola Ectopic Pregnancy Eczema Edema Embolism Emphysema Encephalitis Endocarditis Endometriosis Entropion Enuresis - Bedwetting Epidermolysis Bullosa Epiglottitis Epilepsy Epiphora (Watering Eye) Erectile dysfunction Esophageal Cancer Esophagitis Essential Tremor Euthanasia (Assisted Suicide) Exophthalmos (Bulging Eyes) Eye Melanoma (Ocular Melanoma) Fabry Disease Facelift (Rhytidectomy) Farsightedness (Presbyopia) Fatigue Febrile Seizures (Convulsions) Female Genital Mutilation Fever Fibroids Fibromyalgia Flat Feet (Fallen Arches) Flatulence Food Allergy Food Intolerance Fordyce Spots Fracture (Broken Bones) Frostbite Frozen Shoulder Gallstones Gambling Addiction Ganglion Cyst Gangrene Gastroenteritis / Food Poisoning Gaucher's Disease Genital Warts GERD Giardiasis Gilbert Syndrome Gingivitis Glandular Fever Glaucoma Glomerulonephritis Glue Ear Gluten Intolerance / Celiac Disease Goiter (Goitre) Gonorrhea Gout Graves’ Disease Guillain-Barre Syndrome Gum Disease (Gingivitis) Gynecology Gynecomastia Hair Loss / Baldness Halitosis (Bad Breath) Hangover Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis (Hashimoto’s Disease) Hay Fever Head Lice Headaches Hearing Impairment (Deafness) Heart Attack Heart Block (AV Bundle/Bundle Branch Block) Heart Disease Heart Failure Heart risk Heartburn Heat Rash (Prickly Heat) Heat Stroke (Sunstroke) Heel Pain Hemochromatosis Hemophilia Hemroids / Hemorrhoids Hepatitis Hepatitis C Hernia Herpes Hiccups Hiccups (Hiccoughs) High Blood Pressure Hirsutism (Excessive Hairiness) HIV / AIDS Hives Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) HPV infection Huntington's Disease Hydrocephalus (Water On The Brain) Hyperhidrosis (Excessive Sweating) Hyperlipidemia Hypertension (High Blood Pressure) Hyperthyroidism Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypochondria Hypoglycemia Hypotension Hypothermia Hypothyroidism Hysterectomy Impacted Wisdom Teeth Impetigo Incontinence (bowel) Incontinence (urinary) Indigestion Infant Jaundice Infertility Inflammation Influenza / Flu Ingrown Toenail Insomnia Interstitial Cystitis Irregular Periods (Oligomenorrhea) Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) Irritable Hip (Acute Transient Synovitis) Japanese Encephalitis Jaundice Jet Lag Kawasaki Disease Ketosis Kidney Cancer Kidney Infection (Pyelonephritis) Kidney Stones Kienbock's disease Lactose Intolerance Laryngeal Cancer (Cancer Of The Larynx) Laryngitis Latex Allergy Lazy Eye Leg Cramps Leg Pain Legionnaires' Disease Leprosy Leptospirosis Leukemia Lichen Planus Listeria Infection (Listeriosis) Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Lupus Lyme Disease Lymph glands Lymphedema Lymphoma Mal De Debarquement Syndrome (MdDS) Malaria Male menopause Malnutrition Marfan Syndrome Mastitis Measles Meniere's disease Meningitis Menopause Menorrhagia Mental Health MERS-CoV Mesothelioma Metabolic Syndrome Metatarsalgia (Stone Bruise) Microbiota Microbiome Microcephaly Migraine Miscarriage Moles Molluscum Contagiosum Morning Sickness (Nausea Gravidarum) Morton's Neuroma Motion Sickness (Travel Sickness) Motor Neuron Disease Mouth Cancer MRSA Multiple Myeloma Multiple Sclerosis Mumps Munchausen Syndrome Munchausen Syndrome By Proxy Muscular Dystrophy (MD) Myasthenia Gravis (Goldflam Disease) Nail Fungal Infection Narcissistic Personality Disorder Narcolepsy Nasal Polyps Nausea NDM-1 Necrotizing Fasciitis Neurofibromatosis Neuromyelitis Optica (Devic's Disease) Neuropathy Neurosis Neutropenia Nicotine Dependence (Dangers Of Smoking) Night terrors Noonan Syndrome Norovirus Infection Obesity Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) Occupational Asthma Opioid-Induced Constipation (OIC) Oral Thrush (Babies) Oral Thrush (Oral Candidiasis) Osteoarthritis Osteochondritis Dissecans Osteomyelitis (Bone Infection) Osteopathy Osteoporosis Otitis Externa (Swimmer's Ear) Ovarian Cancer Ovarian Cyst Paget's Disease (Of Bone) Paget's Disease (Of Breast) Pain Painful Intercourse (Dyspareunia) Pancreatic Cancer Pancreatitis (acute) Pancreatitis (chronic) Panic Attacks Panic Attacks Paranoid Schizophrenia Parasites Parkinson's Disease Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Peptic Ulcers Pericarditis Period Pains Periodontitis Peripheral Artery Disease (PAD) Personality Disorders Peyronie’s disease Phobias Piles (Hemorrhoids) Pimples Pinworms (Threadworms) Pleurisy Pneumococcal Disease Pneumonia Poison Ivy Rash Polio Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Polyuria (Frequent Urination) Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) Postherpetic Neuralgia Postpartum Depression Prader-Willi Syndrome Preeclampsia Premature Ejaculation Premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) Premenstrual Syndrome (PMS) Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis Progeria Prominent Ears Prostate Cancer Psoriasis Psoriasis Psychosis Pulmonary Edema (Oedema) Pulmonary Embolism Pulmonary hypertension Q Fever Rabies Radiation Sickness (Radiation Poisoning) Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Raynaud's Disease Rectocele (Proctocele) REM Behavior Disorder Repetitive Strain Injury (RSI) Respiratory Syncytial Virus Restless Legs Syndrome Rheumatic Fever Rheumatoid Arthritis Rhinitis, Non-Allergic Rickets Ringworm Rosacea Rubella Ruptured Spleen Salivary Gland Cancer Salmonella Sarcoma SARS Scabies Scarlet Fever (Scarlatina) Schistosomiasis (Bilharzia) Schizoaffective Disorder Schizophrenia Sciatica Scleroderma Scoliosis Scurvy Seasonal Affective Disorder Seborrheic Keratosis Sepsis Sexual Addiction (Nymphomania) Shin Splints Shingles Short Stature (Dwarfism) Sinusitis Sjogren's Syndrome Skin Cancer / Melanoma Skin Tags Slapped Cheek Syndrome Sleep Apnea Sleep Paralysis Social Anxiety Disorder Spina Bifida Spinal Muscular Atrophy Squint (Strabismus) Stomach Cancer (Gastric Cancer) Strep Throat / Sore Throat Stress Stress Incontinence Stretch Marks Stroke Stuttering Stye (Hordeolum) Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Suicidal Thoughts Sunburn Sunscreen Swine Flu Syphilis Systematic reviews Tachycardia (Fast Heart Beat) Takotsubo cardiomyopathy Tapeworms (Cestodes) Teeth Grinding (Bruxism) Tendinitis (Tendonitis) Testicular Cancer Testicular Torsion Tetanus Thalassemia Thyroid Cancer Thyroid Nodules Tinnitus Tiredness / Fatigue Tobacco Smoke Toxins Tonsillitis Tourette Syndrome Toxic Shock Syndrome (TSS) Transient Ischemic Attack transient ischemic attack Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) Trigeminal Neuralgia Triple X Syndrome Tuberculosis Tumor Turner Syndrome Typhoid Ulcerative Colitis Umbilical Hernia Urethritis Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) Uveitis Vaculitis (Angiitis) Vaginal Cancer Vaginismus Vaginitis Valley Fever (Coccidioidomycosis) Varicocele Varicose Eczema (Stasis Dermatitis) Varicose Veins Ventricular Fibrillation Vertigo Vesicoureteral Reflux (VUR) Vitamin B12 Deficiency Vitiligo Vocal Cord Paresis (Paralysis) Von Willebrand Disease Vulvar Cancer (Vulval Cancer) Vulvodynia Warts Water On The Knee (Knee Effusion) Water Retention (Fluid Retention) Wegener's Granulomatosis Wernicke-Korsakoff Syndrome West Nile Virus (WNV) Wheat Allergy Whiplash Whipple's Disease Whooping Cough (Pertussis) Williams Syndrome Wilms’ Tumor (Nephroblastoma) Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome Yeast infection (male) Yellow Fever Yips Zika virus Zollinger-Ellison Syndrome Scroll to top Popular news Editorial articles All news topics Knowledge center My MNT Login or sign-up Newsletters Share our content About us Our editorial team Contact us Advertising with MNT get our newsletter Heath tips, wellness advice and more. Subscribe Healthline Media UK Ltd, Brighton, UK. © 2004-2017 All rights reserved. MNT is the registered trademark of Healthline Media. Privacy Policy | Terms | Advertising Policy This page was printed from: http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/317526.php Visit www.medicalnewstoday.com for medical news and health news headlines posted throughout the day, every day. 2017 Healthline Media UK Ltd. All rights reserved. Healthline does not provide medical advice diagnosis or treatment.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Agfa HealthCare: Frost & Sullivan Whitepaper „Vision for 2027” Concludes Integrated Platform is Key to Aligning Enterprise Imaging With Value-based Care MORTSEL, Belgium and GREENVILLE, South Carolina, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Indepth research leads analyst firm to posit significant advantages of the platform approach for health providers seeking solutions to successfully meet future waves of performance pressures. An interoperable platform design is key to the journey of medical imaging towards adopting a more information-driven, consultative approach. „In a not-so-distant future, medical imaging will be much less empirical, and almost a completely value-based and information-driven discipline.” This is part of the hypothesis presented by Frost & Sullivan in a new whitepaper outlining a health imaging vision for 2027. As a key part of developing its scenarios for the coming decade, Frost & Sullivan interviewed Agfa HealthCare Enterprise Imaging customers, on both sides of the Atlantic. From information islands to an interoperable ecosystem   The Frost & Sullivan report subtitled, „Platform approach key to constructing an Enterprise Imaging strategy” includes clinical, operational and financial medical imaging scenarios for 2027, after „the dust has settled on the recent healthcare system overhauls in various corners of the world”.The ways in which the role of the clinician, the use of metrics and key performance indicators, and the impact of imaging on the financial performance of the healthcare enterprise will change, are all explored. The report lays out how management, distribution, access and integration of imaging data will evolve from „information islands to an interoperable ecosystem”, and from a silo approach to an integrated platform. Workflows centered on procedures and access numbers will make way for patient- and condition-centered diagnosis and decision support processes. The limited ability for cross-enterprise exchange will evolve towards seamless image and information sharing across health systems. Integrated Enterprise Imaging platform benefits   To support its vision 2027, Frost & Sullivan spoke with medical imaging executives from leading healthcare organizations in the USA and in Europe. They identified ten „beneficial results” of using Agfa HealthCare’s Enterprise Imaging platform. These include: Enterprise Imaging platform to build the „imaging health record„ in the context of the enterprise electronic health record (EHR)  „We are integrating our entire radiology system onto Agfa HealthCare. All of radiology at our four hospitals will be on a single Agfa HealthCare platform. When we go live with our enterprise imaging platform from Agfa HealthCare, we also go live with our enterprise-wide electronic health record solution,„ Max Rosen, Chair of the Department of Radiology, UMASS Medical, Massachusetts, USA. „Our EHR platform and our EI platform –these are the two ‚towers‚ that are going to be left standing after the next big health IT earthquake that‚s coming.  Those two towers will run most of the hospital,” RJ Merck, Radiology Supervisor, Zuckerberg San Francisco General, California, USA. Liquidity of image data promotes patient engagement  „Our patient portal allows patients to access their radiology images from their own record, which they can export to their own public or private record. One of the building blocks for us to achieve that is building a single data repository, along with advanced information lifecycle management capabilities,„ Paul Bauwens, ICT Architect, Meander Medisch Centrum, Netherlands. Efficient referrer access to imaging promotes multi-disciplinary collaboration  „Our more proactive radiologists are starting to leave the basement and becoming more consultative with our physicians. Our new technology is helping immensely in that, but this kind of change is about people, process, and technology–in that order,„ Dr. Scott Rudkin, Chief Medical Information Officer, UC Irvine Health, California, USA. Single Enterprise Imaging vendor and partner benefits  The report also outlines ten benefits of a partner-oriented approach, including cost containment, alignment with strategic objectives, improved data ownership and leveragability, and reduced implementation complexity. A single-vendor solution means fewer systems are vulnerable to data leaks or exposed to security breaches. It means more IT resources can be dedicated to one comprehensive IT system to ensure constant monitoring, hardened security, simplified upgrading, operational excellence, and continuity of care. Cost containment  „The total cost with one vendor is much smaller. Perhaps, the individual vendors might be less expensive at first, but in the end, it would be much higher overall. The support cost would be greater with multiple vendors. Integration and administration are the most important issues in our IT organization. I believe that we may have reduced our managing costs by 30% or so,„ Federico Beltrán Carbonell, IT manager, Hospital Intermutual de Levante, València, Spain. Avoidance of the „deconstructed PACS„ caveats  „Deconstructed PACS? It‚s a myth. It will never happen. It‚s a lot trickier than it may look to pull off. The different components are not so easily plug and play,„ RJ Merck, Radiology Supervisor, Zuckerberg San Francisco General, California, USA. Partnerships support accountability for Risk Mitigation  „In the enterprise cockpit, decision-makers will be able to base virtually every clinical, operational and financial decision on robust and integrated datasets in gearing their imaging service line,” concludes the Frost & Sullivan hypothesis laid out in the report. „This critical report by Frost & Sullivan, outlining a vision of where medical imaging is headed in the coming decade, confirms our strategy of developing an interoperable platform solution, built on the unambiguous benefits of a single-source procurement and vendor partnership,” comments James Jay, President Imaging IT solutions, Agfa HealthCare. Download the Frost & Sullivan whitepaper „Health Imaging Vision for 2027„.     For an image, courtesy of Agfa HealthCare, click here About Agfa HealthCare   Agfa HealthCare, present in one hospital out of two, is a leading provider of eHealth & Digital Imaging solutions. Care organizations in over 100 countries rely on Agfa HealthCare to optimize their efficiency and improve patient care. Marc De Fré Global Marcom Director Agfa HealthCare T +32(0)3-444-73-19 marc.defre@agfa.com Miriam Ladin Director, Marketing Communications, Agfa HealthCare, Americas T +1-401-604-2203 miriam.ladin@agfa.com SOURCE Agfa HealthCare CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AT&T Invests More Than $80 Million Over 3-Year Period to Enhance Local Networks in Wyoming Next PostNext Global Animal Protein Industry Analysis Key Trends, Size, Growth, Shares And Forecast Research Outlook (2017-2021) Search Recent Posts Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Interventional Radiology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - Big Pharma Licensing Trends Report (2012-16) – Annual Revenues in Excess of $10 Billion – Research and Markets 18 maggio 2017 Big Pharma Licensing Trends Report (2012-16) – Annual Revenues in Excess of $10 Billion – Research and Markets PR Newswire DUBLIN, May 18, 2017 Research and Markets has announced the addition of the “Big Pharma Licensing Trends, 2012-16” report to their offering. Between 2012 and 2016, Big Pharma – a peer set of approximately 16 firms across the world with large R&D and sales organizations, and annual revenues in excess of $10bn – signed over 1,200 drug-focused deals, growing at a compound annual growth rate of 12%. The top five dealmakers in terms of volume were AstraZeneca, Johnson & Johnson, Roche, Pfizer, and Merck & Co. Overall, Big Pharma represented the majority of the monetary value of all biopharma partnerships: the peer group was responsible for $151bn in deal-making during the five-year period out of the $287bn in all comparable biopharma alliances (including the Big Pharma peer set). As of 2016, Big Pharma companies had approximately 337 candidates in the pipeline for cancer, which is well over two times that of any other therapeutic area. This was reflected in the peer set’s deal-making; between 2012 and 2016, about one-third of Big Pharma’s in- and out-licensing deals were in oncology, and immuno-oncology was the key driver of oncology in-licensing. Big Pharma companies signed more alliances to bring early-stage candidates in-house than any other phase, and out-licensed more approved or marketed products. One-third of the total in-licensing deal volume involved regional partnering, while out-licensing was led by North American territories – namely the US – where development, commercialization, and research/discovery deal structures were more prominent than flat-out divestments. Both in- and out-licensing by Big Pharma reflected a collaborative nature, as development/co-development and research/discovery were the most commonly used deal structures in alliances. Companies Mentioned AstraZeneca Johnson & Johnson Merck & Co Pfizer Roche Teva Key Topics Covered: 1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 2. KEY POINTS AND OVERALL TOTALS Deal volume increased but Big Pharma’s overall share was small Big Pharma represented the majority of deal-making spend 2014 and 2015 were stand-out years in Big Pharma deal-making Bibliography 3. COMPANY ANALYSIS AND CASE STUDIES AstraZeneca was the leading dealmaker by overall volume within the Big Pharma peer set Johnson & Johnson signed key cancer deals and formed an innovation initiative Roche continued oncology momentum but deal-making showed importance of other therapeutic areas Pfizer’s in-licensing fluctuated while out-licensing efforts decreased Merck & Co’s in-licensing drives strategy to become oncology leader Overall, out-licensing increased by 47% and Teva had the largest proportion in the peer set Bibliography 4. THERAPY AREA ANALYSIS Oncology dominated Big Pharma deal volume Endocrine, metabolic, and genetic disorders deal-making gained speed Infectious diseases agreements declined, but there is potential for a turnaround Oncology also led in terms of partnership dollar values Oncology was also the focus of most out-licensing deals Bibliography 5. DEAL ECONOMICS Sanofi was the top dealmaker by dollars spent within the Big Pharma peer set Johnson & Johnson’s billion-dollar deals provided a strong position AstraZeneca spent a large up-front sum Payment metrics on deals generally increased Average deal values increased A higher proportion of deal value was still locked up in milestones There were almost three-dozen billion-dollar deals between 2012 and 2016 Bibliography 6. PHASE ANALYSIS 7. DEAL STRUCTURES 8. APPENDIX For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/fg7f5c/big_pharma Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Research and Markets – Evolving Pharmaceutical Marketing Strategies Report 2017 Featuring AstraZeneca, GSK, Pfizer, Novartis, Sanofi, Merck and Johnson & Johnson Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) Drugs Markets 2016-2026 Psoriasis Drugs Market Forecasts 2016-2026 Global Infectious Disease Treatment Market 2014-2018: Key Vendors are F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Gilead Sciences, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Merck and Pfizer Nel mensile di maggio Farmaci omeopatici: chi ha paura dell’Aic? Italiani ancora poco farmacovigila(n)ti Farmaci veterinari verso l’addio alla carta: arriva la tracciabilità digitale Dati in sanità, la sicurezza si trova su una “nuvola” Industria 4.0, il medtech non coglie l’opportunità: “bisogna sbrigarsi” Cala la reputazione di Big Pharma, ma si può migliorare In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Takeda and Marvel Custom Solutions Launch the Latest Adventure of... Shire to Highlight New Research Into Chronic Hypoparathyroidism at... Healthcare Industry Springs to Life at the World’s Largest... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Ema, ecco i requisiti per la nuova sede Un terzo dei farmaci approvati dalla Fda ha rischi di sicurezza post marketing Vaccini, decreto su obbligo entro la prossima settimana HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Big Pharma Licensing Trends Report (2012-16) – Annual Revenues in Excess of $10 Billion – Research and Markets DUBLIN, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Big Pharma Licensing Trends, 2012-16” report to their offering. Between 2012 and 2016, Big Pharma – a peer set of approximately 16 firms across the world with large R&D and sales organizations, and annual revenues in excess of $10bn – signed over 1,200 drug-focused deals, growing at a compound annual growth rate of 12%. The top five dealmakers in terms of volume were AstraZeneca, Johnson & Johnson, Roche, Pfizer, and Merck & Co. Overall, Big Pharma represented the majority of the monetary value of all biopharma partnerships: the peer group was responsible for $151bn in deal-making during the five-year period out of the $287bn in all comparable biopharma alliances (including the Big Pharma peer set). As of 2016, Big Pharma companies had approximately 337 candidates in the pipeline for cancer, which is well over two times that of any other therapeutic area. This was reflected in the peer set’s deal-making; between 2012 and 2016, about one-third of Big Pharma’s in- and out-licensing deals were in oncology, and immuno-oncology was the key driver of oncology in-licensing. Big Pharma companies signed more alliances to bring early-stage candidates in-house than any other phase, and out-licensed more approved or marketed products. One-third of the total in-licensing deal volume involved regional partnering, while out-licensing was led by North American territories – namely the US – where development, commercialization, and research/discovery deal structures were more prominent than flat-out divestments. Both in- and out-licensing by Big Pharma reflected a collaborative nature, as development/co-development and research/discovery were the most commonly used deal structures in alliances. Companies Mentioned Key Topics Covered: 1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 2. KEY POINTS AND OVERALL TOTALS 3. COMPANY ANALYSIS AND CASE STUDIES 4. THERAPY AREA ANALYSIS 5. DEAL ECONOMICS 6. PHASE ANALYSIS 7. DEAL STRUCTURES 8. APPENDIX For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/fg7f5c/big_pharma Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com    SOURCE Research and Markets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Media Advisory: Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. Access to Quarterly and Fiscal Year-End Results Information Next PostNext Conotoxia Joins NACHA’s Payments Innovation Alliance Search Recent Posts NAFTA and Europe Grignard Reagents Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2016 to 2026 NAFTA and Europe Grignard Reagents Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2016 to 2026 NAFTA and Europe Grignard Reagents Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2016 to 2026 2017 to 2022 Global Digital Analytical Balance Market Research Analysis Report Thermal Imaging Market 2017: Global Revenue Generated Nearly $11.7 Billion In Last Several Years Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Big Pharma Licensing Trends Report (2012-16) - Annual Revenues in Excess of $10 Billion - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 18 May, 2017, 13:30 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Big Pharma Licensing Trends, 2012-16" report to their offering. Between 2012 and 2016, Big Pharma - a peer set of approximately 16 firms across the world with large R&D and sales organizations, and annual revenues in excess of $10bn - signed over 1,200 drug-focused deals, growing at a compound annual growth rate of 12%. The top five dealmakers in terms of volume were AstraZeneca, Johnson & Johnson, Roche, Pfizer, and Merck & Co. Overall, Big Pharma represented the majority of the monetary value of all biopharma partnerships: the peer group was responsible for $151bn in deal-making during the five-year period out of the $287bn in all comparable biopharma alliances (including the Big Pharma peer set). As of 2016, Big Pharma companies had approximately 337 candidates in the pipeline for cancer, which is well over two times that of any other therapeutic area. This was reflected in the peer set's deal-making; between 2012 and 2016, about one-third of Big Pharma's in- and out-licensing deals were in oncology, and immuno-oncology was the key driver of oncology in-licensing. Big Pharma companies signed more alliances to bring early-stage candidates in-house than any other phase, and out-licensed more approved or marketed products. One-third of the total in-licensing deal volume involved regional partnering, while out-licensing was led by North American territories - namely the US - where development, commercialization, and research/discovery deal structures were more prominent than flat-out divestments. Both in- and out-licensing by Big Pharma reflected a collaborative nature, as development/co-development and research/discovery were the most commonly used deal structures in alliances. Companies Mentioned AstraZeneca Johnson & Johnson Merck & Co Pfizer Roche Teva Key Topics Covered: 1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 2. KEY POINTS AND OVERALL TOTALS Deal volume increased but Big Pharma's overall share was small Big Pharma represented the majority of deal-making spend 2014 and 2015 were stand-out years in Big Pharma deal-making Bibliography 3. COMPANY ANALYSIS AND CASE STUDIES AstraZeneca was the leading dealmaker by overall volume within the Big Pharma peer set Johnson & Johnson signed key cancer deals and formed an innovation initiative Roche continued oncology momentum but deal-making showed importance of other therapeutic areas Pfizer's in-licensing fluctuated while out-licensing efforts decreased Merck & Co's in-licensing drives strategy to become oncology leader Overall, out-licensing increased by 47% and Teva had the largest proportion in the peer set Bibliography 4. THERAPY AREA ANALYSIS Oncology dominated Big Pharma deal volume Endocrine, metabolic, and genetic disorders deal-making gained speed Infectious diseases agreements declined, but there is potential for a turnaround Oncology also led in terms of partnership dollar values Oncology was also the focus of most out-licensing deals Bibliography 5. DEAL ECONOMICS Sanofi was the top dealmaker by dollars spent within the Big Pharma peer set Johnson & Johnson's billion-dollar deals provided a strong position AstraZeneca spent a large up-front sum Payment metrics on deals generally increased Average deal values increased A higher proportion of deal value was still locked up in milestones There were almost three-dozen billion-dollar deals between 2012 and 2016 Bibliography 6. PHASE ANALYSIS 7. DEAL STRUCTURES 8. APPENDIX For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/fg7f5c/big_pharma Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 18 May, 2017, 13:45 BST Preview: Biosimilars Market Access in Psoriatic Arthritis 2017 - Payers are Unlikely to Implement Strong Incentives to Drive Uptake of Biosimilar Infliximab Due to Limited Use of the Drug - Research and Markets 18 May, 2017, 13:15 BST Preview: Biosimilars Market Access in the U.S. - Driven by the Benefits that Biosimilars Offer - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 18 May, 2017, 19:15 BSTBiosimilars Market Access in Psoriasis 2017 - Physicians Hesitant... 18 May, 2017, 19:03 BSTResearch and Markets - Mid Pharma Licensing and M&A Trends... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Big Pharma Licensing Trends Report (2012-16) - Annual Revenues in Excess of $10 Billion - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 18 May, 2017, 13:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Charts & Quotes Market Glance Commentary Education Trading Tools Contact Symbol Search Select a Commodity --Currencies-- U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso   --Energies-- Crude Oil Heating Oil Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Ethanol   --Financials-- 30 Year T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 10-Year Swaps 5-Year Swaps 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   --Grains-- Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice KCBT Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   --Indices-- S&P 500 Index E-Mini S&P 500 Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Nasdaq Dow Industrials E-Mini Dow NYSE Composite S&P Midcap 400 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini SmallCap 600 CRB CCI Index   --Meats-- Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Pork Bellies CME Milk   --Metals-- Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium NYSE Gold NYSE Silver   --Softs-- Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Sugar #16 Lumber Symbol Lookup User: Pass:   Remember Me   Market Snapshot Market Data provided by Barchart.com No-risk real-time trial Articles Market Commentary Futures 101 Commentary Q&A With The Experts Trading Strategies RSS Feed Markets Currencies (US$, BP, Yen) Energies (Crude, Gas, Oil) Financials (Bonds, Notes) Grains (Corn, Wheat, Oats) Indices (Dow, S&P, Minis) Meats (Cattle, Hogs, Pork) Metals (Gold, Silver, Copper) Softs (Cotton, OJ, Coffee) Barchart Morning Call Thursday, May 18, 2017 by Barchart Research Team of Barchart.com OVERNIGHT MARKETS AND NEWS Jun E-mini S&Ps (ESM17 -0.18%) this morning are down -0.41% at a 3-1/2 week low and European stocks are down -1.21% at a 3-week low. U.S. stock index futures were under pressure and extended Wednesday's losses on signs the political crisis surrounding President Trump will linger after Reuters reported that advisers in the Trump campaign may have had at least 18 previously undisclosed contacts with Russia. The slump in stocks has pushed up the VIX volatility index to a 6-month high and sent investors to the safe-haven of precious metals with Jun COMEX gold (GCM17 +0.06%) up +0.44% at a 2-week high, and into government bonds as the 10-year T-note yield fell to a 4-week low of 2.179%. Asian stocks settled lower: Japan -1.32, Hong Kong -0.62%, China -0.46%, Taiwan -0.44%, Australia -0.82%, Singapore -0.08%, South Korea -0.29%, India -0.73%. Japan's Nikkei Stock Index tumbled to a 2-week low, despite data that showed a faster pace of Japanese growth in Q1, as the slide in global stocks boosted safe-haven demand for the yen, which rose to a 3-week high and undercut Japanese exporter stocks. The dollar index (DXY00 +0.01%) is down -0.07%. EUR/USD (^EURUSD) is down -0.20% as it fell back from a 6-1/4 month high after ECB Governing Council member Jazbec said it is too soon for the ECB to unwind QE. USD/JPY (^USDJPY) is down -0.32% at a 3-week low. GBP/USD soared +0.52% to a 7-1/2 month high after UK Apr retail sales climbed at a faster-than-expected pace. Jun 10-year T-note prices (ZNM17 +0.06%) are up +8 ticks at a 6-month high. ECB Governing Council member Jazbec said policy makers are not ready to unwind QE and "I would say that it is too soon to say firmly about any changes at all." ECB Executive Board member Coeure said the ECB can't wait too long to signal the winding down of its stimulus measures as "too much gradualism in monetary policy bears the risk of larger market adjustments when the decision is eventually taken." UK Apr retail sales ex auto fuel rose +2.0% m/m, stronger than expectations of +1.0% m/m and the biggest increase in 6-months. Apr retail sales including auto fuel rose +2.3% m/m, stronger than expectations of +1.1% m/m and the biggest increase in 15-months. Japan Q1 GDP rose +2.2% (q/q annualized), stronger than expectations of +1.7% (q/q annualized). The Q1 deflator fell -0.8% y/y, weaker than expectations of -0.7% y/y and the fastest pace of decline in 4 years. U.S. STOCK PREVIEW Key U.S. news today includes: (1) weekly initial unemployment claims (expected +4,000 to 240,000, previous -2,000 to 236,000) and continuing claims (expected +32,000 to 1.950 million, previous -61,000 to 1.918 million), (2) May Philadelphia Fed business outlook index (expected -3.5 to 18.5, Apr -10.8 to 22.0), (3) Apr leading indicators (expected +0.4%, Mar +0.4%), (4) Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin testifies before the Senate Banking Committee, (5) Treasury auctions $11 billion of 10-year TIPS, (6) Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester speaks to the Economic Club of Minnesota, (7) USDA weekly Export Sales. Notable Russell 2000 earnings reports today include: Wal-Mart (consensus $0.97), Gap (0.29), Autodesk (-0.23) Eagle Materials (0.85), Ralph Lauren (0.78), Ross Stores (0.80), Applied Materials (0.77), salesforc.com (0.26), McKesson (3.01). U.S. IPO's scheduled to price today: none. Equity conferences: Bank of America Merrill Lynch Health Care Conference on Tue-Thu, Barclays Americas Select Franchise Conference on Tue-Fri, BMO Capital Markets Farm to Market Conference on Wed-Thu, J.P. Morgan Homebuilding & Building Products Conference on Wed-Thu, MoffettNathanson Media & Communications Summit on Wed-Thu, RBC Capital Markets Canadian Automotive, Transportation & Industrials Conference on Thu, Barclays Water Symposium - Panel on Thu. OVERNIGHT U.S. STOCK MOVERS Wal-Mart (WMT +0.01%) reported Q1 EPS of $1.00, better than consensus of 96 cents, although Q1 revenue of $117.54 billion was below expectations of $117.74 billion. L Brands (LB +0.23%) climbed nearly 6% in after-hours trading after it raised guidance on full-year EPS to $3.10-$3.40 from a prior view of $3.05-$3.35. Cisco Systems (CSCO -1.40%) slumped 8% in after-hours trading after it said its sees Q4 adjusted EPS of 60 cents-62 cents, below consensus of 62 cents. Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX -3.14%) gained almost 1% in after-hours trading after it raised it 2017 sales view on its Kalydeco to $740 million-$770 million from an April 27 view of $710 million-$730 million after the FDA widened its approval to treat more CF mutations. Incyte (INCY +2.32%) rallied over 7% in after-hours trading after data showed its IDO1 inhibitor epacadostat in combinations with Merck's Keytruda and Bristol-Meyers Squibb's Opdivo showed more responses than the PDL1 inhibitors alone. Globus Medical (GMED -1.45%) dropped 7% in after-hours trading after it said it received a letter from the FDA informing the company that it had not sufficiently addressed the agency's questions regarding its ExcelsiusGPS. NewLink Genetics (NLNK -1.53%) tumbled 13% in after-hours trading after data for its IDO inhibitor navoximod in combination with Roche's Tecentriq disappointed in a study of patients with locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors. China Distance Education Holdings Ltd (DL -2.04%) lost over 2% in after-hours trading after it reported Q1 gross profit fell -26.7% y/y to $10.1 million. Leap Therapeutics (LPTX -0.63%) jumped over 12% in after-hours trading after it reported interim data from a Phase 1 study showed DKN-01 in combination with gemcitabine and cisplatin for treatment of advanced bilary tract cancers was well tolerated with no new adverse effects. Endologix (ELGX -1.03%) sank over 20% in after-hours trading after it said it met with the FDA and does not see approval of its Nellix EndoVascular Aneurysm Sealing System until 2020. GlycoMimetics (GLYC unch) surged over 35% in after-hours trading after the FDA granted its GMI-1271 breakthrough therapy designation for treatment of adult relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia. ImmunoGen (IMGN -2.67%) gained over 2% in after-hours trading after it said early-stage data support a study of its soravtansine further in combination with Roche's Avastin and Merck's Keytruda in treatment of ovarian cancer. Pandora Media (P -4.49%) jumped 8% in after-hours trading after the New York Post reported that Sirius XM recently restarted talks to make a bid for Pandora. Ascena Retail Group (ASNA -1.74%) plunged over 30% in after-hours trading after it said it sees Q3 comparable sales down -8% and lowered guidance on full-year adjusted EPS to 10 cents-15 cents from a Mar 6 view of 37 cents-42 cents. MARKET COMMENTS June E-mini S&Ps (ESM17 -0.18%) this morning are down -9.75 points (-0.41%) at a 3-1/2 week low. Wednesday's closes: S&P 500 -1.82%, Dow Jones -1.78%, Nasdaq -2.51%. The S&P 500 on Wednesday tumbled to a 3-week low and closed sharply lower on market uncertainty caused by the political upheaval in Washington that boosted the VIX volatility index to a 3-week high and led to long liquidation pressures in stocks. June 10-year T-notes (ZNM17 +0.06%) this morning are up +8 ticks at a 6-month high. Wednesday's closes: TYM7 +28.00, FVM7 +15.75. Jun 10-year T-notes on Wednesday rallied to a 3-week high and settled higher on the slump in the S&P 500 to a 3-week low, which boosted the safe-haven demand for T-notes, and on reduced inflation expectations after the 10-year T-note breakeven inflation expectations rate fell to 6-1/4 month low. The dollar index (DXY00 +0.01%) this morning is down -0.067 (-0.07%). EUR/USD (^EURUSD) is down -0.22 (-0.20%) and USD/JPY (^USDJPY) is down -0.35 (-0.32%) at a 3-week low. Wednesday's closes: Dollar index -0.691 (-0.70%), EUR/USD +0.0076 (+0.69%), USD/JPY -2.29 (-2.02%). The dollar index on Wednesday slid to a 6-1/4 month low and closed lower on concern that the political turmoil in Washington will keep the Republicans from carrying out their pro-growth economic agenda and the fall in the 10-year T-note yield to a 3-week low, which reduces the dollar's interest rate differentials. June WTI crude oil prices (CLM17 -1.43%) this morning are down -88 cents (-1.79%) and June gasoline (RBM17 -1.78%) is -0.0377 (-2.35%). Wednesday's closes: Jun crude +0.41 (+0.84%), Jun gasoline -0.0016 (-0.10%). Jun crude oil and gasoline on Wednesday settled mixed. Crude oil prices were boosted by the sell-off in the dollar index to a 6-1/4 month low and by the -1.75 million bbl decline in weekly EIA crude inventories, the sixth consecutive week that inventories have fallen. Crude oil prices were also boosted by -0.1% decline in U.S. crude production in the week ended May 12, the first decline in the last thirteen weeks. Gasoline closed lower after EIA gasoline inventories fell -412,999 bbl, a smaller decline than expectations of -1.0 million bbl. GLOBAL EVENT CALENDAR05/18/2017 Thursday, May 18 US 0830 ET Weekly initial unemployment claims expected +4,000 to 240,000, previous -2,000 to 236,000. Weekly continuing claims expected +32,000 to 1.950 million, previous -61,000 to 1.918 million. 0830 ET May Philadelphia Fed business outlook survey expected -3.5 to 18.5, Apr -10.8 to 22.0. 0830 ET USDA weekly Export Sales. 1000 ET Apr leading indicators expected +0.4%, Mar +0.4%. 1000 ET Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin testifies before the Senate Banking Committee. 1100 ET Treasury announces amount of 2-year T-notes (previous $26 billion), 2-year floating-rate notes (previous $17 billion), 5-year T-notes (previous $34 billion) and 7-year T-notes (previous $28 billion) to be auctioned May 23-25. 1300 ET Treasury auctions $11 billion of 10-year TIPS. 1315 ET Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester speaks to the Economic Club of Minnesota. Friday, May 19 US n/a No economic releases or Fed speaking events scheduled. U.S. STOCK CALENDAR05/18/2017 Company Ticker Time Event Description Period Estimate Eagle Materials Inc EXP US Bef-mkt Q4 2017 Earnings Release Q4 17 0.846 Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT US 07:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 0.965 Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT US 07:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Call - Pre-recorded Q1 18 Ralph Lauren Corp RL US 08:00 Q4 2017 Earnings Release Q4 17 0.778 Anthem Inc ANTM US 08:00 Annual General Meeting Eagle Materials Inc EXP US 08:30 Q4 2017 Earnings Call Q4 17 L Brands Inc LB US 08:30 Annual General Meeting Sirius XM Holdings Inc SIRI US 08:30 Annual General Meeting Reinsurance Group of America Inc RGA US 08:30 Investor Day Flowers Foods Inc FLO US 08:30 Q1 2017 Earnings Call Q1 17 KeyCorp KEY US 08:30 Annual General Meeting Chubb Ltd CB US 08:45 Annual General Meeting Ralph Lauren Corp RL US 09:00 Q4 2017 Earnings Call Q1 17 Herc Holdings Inc HRI US 09:00 Annual General Meeting Home Depot Inc/The HD US 09:00 Annual General Meeting AvalonBay Communities Inc AVB US 09:00 Annual General Meeting Lear Corp LEA US 09:00 Annual General Meeting NextEra Energy Inc NEE US 09:00 Annual General Meeting Altria Group Inc MO US 09:00 Annual General Meeting L Brands Inc LB US 09:15 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Travelers Cos Inc/The TRV US 09:30 Annual General Meeting Fortive Corp FTV US 10:00 Investor Day Brandywine Realty Trust BDN US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Cheniere Energy Inc LNG US 10:00 Annual General Meeting PBF Energy Inc PBF US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Sealed Air Corp SEE US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Mohawk Industries Inc MHK US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Crown Castle International Corp CCI US 10:00 Annual General Meeting JetBlue Airways Corp JBLU US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc MMC US 10:00 Annual General Meeting Apple Hospitality REIT Inc APLE US 11:00 Annual General Meeting LSC Communications Inc LKSD US 11:00 Annual General Meeting Mosaic Co/The MOS US 11:00 Annual General Meeting Hasbro Inc HAS US 11:00 Annual General Meeting Amphenol Corp APH US 11:00 Annual General Meeting OGE Energy Corp OGE US 11:00 Annual General Meeting eBay Inc EBAY US 11:00 Annual General Meeting Vornado Realty Trust VNO US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Intel Corp INTC US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Lennox International Inc LII US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Zebra Technologies Corp ZBRA US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Martin Marietta Materials Inc MLM US 11:30 Annual General Meeting Senior Housing Properties Trust SNH US Annual General Meeting Piedmont Office Realty Trust Inc PDM US Annual General Meeting Rayonier Inc RYN US Annual General Meeting Extra Space Storage Inc EXR US Annual General Meeting Brixmor Property Group Inc BRX US Annual General Meeting Sun Communities Inc SUI US Annual General Meeting Care Capital Properties Inc CCP US Annual General Meeting Liberty Property Trust LPT US Annual General Meeting Ventas Inc VTR US Annual General Meeting CBOE Holdings Inc CBOE US Annual General Meeting Paramount Group Inc PGRE US 12:00 Annual General Meeting Donnelley Financial Solutions Inc DFIN US Annual General Meeting Life Storage Inc LSI US Annual General Meeting Howard Hughes Corp/The HHC US Annual General Meeting AmTrust Financial Services Inc AFSI US Annual General Meeting RR Donnelley & Sons Co RRD US 12:00 Annual General Meeting Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc DPS US Annual General Meeting WPX Energy Inc WPX US Annual General Meeting Williams Cos Inc/The WMB US Annual General Meeting Steel Dynamics Inc STLD US Annual General Meeting Colfax Corp CFX US Annual General Meeting Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc MMC US Annual General Meeting Discovery Communications Inc DISCA US Annual General Meeting Pioneer Natural Resources Co PXD US Annual General Meeting Panera Bread Co PNRA US Annual General Meeting SBA Communications Corp SBAC US Annual General Meeting Manhattan Associates Inc MANH US Annual General Meeting Gentex Corp GNTX US Annual General Meeting Continental Resources Inc/OK CLR US Annual General Meeting Altria Group Inc MO US Annual General Meeting Synchrony Financial SYF US Annual General Meeting Principal Financial Group Inc PFG US 12:00 Roadshow Equifax Inc EFX US Investor Meeting - Scotland Westar Energy Inc WR US Annual General Meeting Flowserve Corp FLS US 12:30 Annual General Meeting McKesson Corp MCK US 16:00 Q4 2017 Earnings Release Q4 17 3.01 salesforce.com Inc CRM US Aft-mkt Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 0.259 Applied Materials Inc AMAT US 16:00 Q2 2017 Earnings Release Q2 17 0.765 Ross Stores Inc ROST US 16:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 0.799 Autodesk Inc ADSK US 16:01 Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 (0.231) Gap Inc/The GPS US 16:15 Q1 2018 Earnings Release Q1 18 0.287 Ross Stores Inc ROST US 16:15 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Applied Materials Inc AMAT US 16:30 Q2 2017 Earnings Call Q2 17 McKesson Corp MCK US 17:00 Q4 2017 Earnings Call Q4 17 salesforce.com Inc CRM US 17:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Gap Inc/The GPS US 17:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Autodesk Inc ADSK US 17:00 Q1 2018 Earnings Call Q1 18 Recent articles from this author Barchart Morning Call - Thursday, May 18, 2017 Barchart Morning Call - Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Barchart Morning Call - Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Barchart Morning Call - Monday, May 15, 2017 Barchart Morning Call - Friday, May 12, 2017 About the author Get Barchart U.S. Morning Call delivered to your email inbox! Sign up for free here. Barchart U.S. Morning Call is written by the experienced members of the Commodity Research Bureau and the Barchart Research Team.  Commodity Research Bureau (CRB) has been providing research to the financial and commodity community since 1934.  If you have any questions for our analysts, please contact us at support@crbtrader.com. Sent every morning, "Morning Call" summarizes overnight global market news, along with a U.S. market forecast for the day ahead. It Includes upcoming earnings reports, a global financial calendar, and quote board overview of where the markets are standing. Home  •  Charts & Quotes  •  Commentary  •  Authors  •  Education  •  Broker Search  •  Trading Tools  •  Help  •  Contact  •  Advertise With Us  •  Commodities Markets: Currencies  •   Energies  •   Financials  •   Grains  •   Indices  •   Meats  •   Metals  •   Softs The information contained on InsideFutures.com is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed. Market data is furnished on an exchange delayed basis by Barchart.com. Data transmission or omissions shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or cause for action. No information on the site, nor any opinion expressed, constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any futures or options contracts. InsideFutures.com is not a broker, nor does it have an affiliation with any broker. Copyright ©2005-2017 InsideFutures.com, a Barchart.com product. All rights reserved. About Us  •   Sitemap  •   Legal  •   Privacy Statement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Anti Infective Agents Market Analysis, Trend and Forecast 2022 with Major Key Players OrbisResearch.com is a well-known market research reseller which have published a premium market research report “Anti Infective Agents -Global Market Outlook” to its database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Anti Infective Agents Market is accounted for $83.8 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.2% to reach $104.5 billion by 2022. Rising incidences of infectious diseases such as HIV, H1N1, and Ebola virus, awareness amongst the healthcare professionals and the patients and commercialization of pipeline products are boosting the market growth. Trends like treatment rates for communicable diseases in developing countries and treatment of Community Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia (CABP) are expected to impart the market growth. Growing resistance of infection to the drug therapies, high price of drugs, competition between generic manufacturers and perilous reimbursement policies will impede market growth. The antibacterial segment accounted for the largest share of revenue. The anti-viral agents segment is expected to grow during the forecast period. North America commanded the anti-infective agents market and is followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to improvements in healthcare infrastructure, demand for drugs and ongoing government initiatiatives for various control programs and strategic partnership projects. Some of the key players in global Anti-Infective Agents market are AstraZeneca Plc, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Abbott Laboratories, Bayer Healthcare AG, Cipla Ltd, Gilead Sciences,Claris Life Sciences Ltd, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Merck & Co., Inc, Novartis AG, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Lupin Ltd, Panacea Biotech Ltd, Pfizer Ltd, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Johnson & Johnson Inc., Sanofi Aventis S.A., Beijing Double-Crane Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Anhui Jingfang Medical Industry Co.,Ltd and Hoffman-La Roche, Inc Browse a Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/anti-infective-agents-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Products Covered: Antibacterial agents Cephalosporins Carbapenems Fluoroquinolones Macrolides Penicillins Clindamycin B-Lactam Antibiotics Oxazolidinones Aminoglycosides Quinolones Sulfonamides Tetracyclines Vancomycin Antifungal agents Azoles Echinocandins Polyenes Allylamines Macrolides derivatives Cresemba Antiviral agents DNA Polymerase Inhibitors Nucleoside Analogs Non-structural protein 5A (NS5A) inhibitors Non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTIs) Protease Inhibitors Transcriptase Inhibitors Neuraminidase inhibitors Integrase strand transfer inhibitor Chemokine receptor antagonist Antituberculosis agents Aminosalicylates Diarylquinolines Hydrazide derivatives Nicotinic acid derivatives Rifamycin derivatives Streptomyces derivatives Vaccines Live/attenuated Vaccines Inactivated Vaccines DNA & Recombinant vector Vaccines Toxoid vaccines Antitreponemal agents Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184972 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a Report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184972        About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email:sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Anti Infective Agents Market Share, Global Anti-infective Agents Market, Global Anti-Infective Agents Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Cardiovascular Information Systems (CVIS) Market Analysis, Share, Growth, Trend and Forecast 2022 with Key Players Next PostNext Laser Therapy Caps Market Global industry analysis and forecast 2017 – 2025 Search Recent Posts Road Llighting Fixtures Market 2017 – ZIO, Moooi, Verpan, Artemide, Tom Dixon, Foscarini, Lightyears New Research on Global Autonomous Vehicles Market estimated to grow at a high CAGR during forecast period Rise and Fall Pendant Luminaire Market 2017 – FSL, OSRAM, OPPLE, QIBEN, Sanxiong Aurora, Philips, Ocean’s King Survival Board Game “Apochalyptica” Hits Kickstarter: What Will Happen When Bombs Begin to Fall? Survival Board Game “Apochalyptica” Hits Kickstarter: What Will Happen When Bombs Begin to Fall? Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,604.34 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.2% higher at 5,298.37 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,459.30 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Pharmaceuticals Merck profit falls 12% By Christopher Alessi Published: May 18, 2017 2:47 a.m. ET Share By ChristopherAlessi FRANKFURT--German chemicals and pharmaceuticals company Merck KGaA (MRK.XE) reported a 12% decline in net profit for the first quarter of 2017. Net profit for the period ended March 31 fell to EUR521 million ($580.4 million) from EUR591 million a year earlier. Analysts had predicted a net profit of EUR540 million, according to a recent poll compiled by FactSet. Net profit was mainly down as a result of a divestment gain that boosted earnings in the year-earlier period. However, the company's closely-watched earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization before one-time items rose by 14.5% to EUR1.2 billion, driven by the health care and life sciences businesses. Sales grew by 5.3% to EUR3.9 billion, helped partly by positive currency effects. For the current year, Merck said it expects net sales in a range of EUR15.5 billion and EUR16 billion, while Ebitda before one-time items should be in a range of EUR4.4 billion to EUR4.6 billion. Write to Christopher Alessi at christopher.alessi@wsj.com More from MarketWatch More Coverage Where’s the hottest luxury real-estate market in the U.S.? It’ll surprise you Bill Ackman has ‘something to prove’ after Valeant mistake Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Latest Report on EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Market Report 2017 Summary Orbis Research Present’s EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Ophthalmic Drugs Market Report 2017 Description In this report, the EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split EMEA into Europe, the Middle East and Africa, With sales (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Ophthalmic Drugs for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast) Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux; Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran; Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria. Get a PDF Sample of EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Market Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/288984 . EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Ophthalmic Drugs sales volume (K Pcs), price (USD/Pcs), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Pfizer Merck Glaxosmithkline Abbott Laboratories Johnson and Johnson Bayer Roche Holding Novartis Akorn Eyemed Senju Pharmaceutical Sun Pharmaceuticals Industries Allergan Valeant Regeneron Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Lpath Incorporated Santen Pharmaceutical Cipla Pharmaceuticals Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/288984 . On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Pcs), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Solutions Ointments Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume (K Pcs), market share and growth rate of Ophthalmic Drugs for each application, including Hospitals Eye Clinics Diagnostic Centers Other Some Points Of TOC: Chapter One: Ophthalmic Drugs Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Ophthalmic Drugs 1.2 Classification of Ophthalmic Drugs 1.2.1 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Solutions 1.2.4 Ointments 1.2.5 Other 1.3 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022 1.3.2 Hospitals 1.3.3 Eye Clinics 1.3.4 Diagnostic Centers 1.3.5 Other 1.4 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Market by Region 1.4.1 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Middle East Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Africa Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 EMEA Market Size (Value and Volume) of Ophthalmic Drugs (2012-2022) 1.5.1 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Chapter Two: EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Competition by Manufacturers/Players/Suppliers, Region, Type and Application 2.1 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 2.1.1 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Sales Volume and Market Share of Major Players (2012-2017) 2.1.2 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Revenue and Share by Players (2012-2017) 2.1.3 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Sale Price by Players (2012-2017) 2.2 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs (Volume and Value) by Type/Product Category 2.2.1 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.3 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Sale Price by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs (Volume) by Application 2.4 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs (Volume and Value) by Region 2.4.1 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4.2 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4.3 EMEA Ophthalmic Drugs Sales Price by Region (2012-2017) About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Ophthalmic Drugs Industry, Ophthalmic Drugs Industry Report, Ophthalmic Drugs Marke, Ophthalmic Drugs Marke Size, Ophthalmic Drugs Marke trend, Ophthalmic Drugs MarkeForecast Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ALOM Announces Rick Mizzo Promoted to VP of Customer and Supplier Relations Next PostNext United States MPIA Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Small Benchtop Climate Chamber Market 2017 – TPS, CME, Kambic, CSZ, ESPEC, Binder, Climats, Memmert, Hitachi Small Benchtop Climate Chamber Market 2017 – TPS, CME, Kambic, CSZ, ESPEC, Binder, Climats, Memmert, Hitachi Where Will You be When the Bombs Begin to Fall? Survival Board Game „Apochalyptica” Hits Kickstarter Silk Thread Market 2017 – Amsilk GmbH, Anhui Silk Co. Ltd., Bolt Threads Inc., Entogenetics, Inc., China Silk Road Llighting Fixtures Market 2017 – ZIO, Moooi, Verpan, Artemide, Tom Dixon, Foscarini, Lightyears Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Ebola Virus Outbreak Hacking of America TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Storyline Ebola Virus Outbreak Health Ebola Virus Outbreak May 14 2017, 7:27 pm ET WHO Confirms a Small Ebola Outbreak in Congo by Maggie Fox Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Ebola has killed at least one person and possibly three in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), and the World Health Organization confirmed Friday at least one person had tested positive for the deadly virus. WHO said it was sending the team to the remote area in the north of the country near the border with Central African Republic. And a large vaccine nonprofit said it was ready to bring in Ebola vaccines if needed. Map showing the location of the Democratic Republic of Congo Google Maps "As of today, 11 suspected cases including three deaths have been reported," WHO said Saturday The #Ebola case in the Democratic Republic of Congo was confirmed by a national reference laboratory in Kinshasa #DRC— WHO (@WHO) May 12, 2017 "The health zone is situated in the remote, isolated and hard-to-reach northern part of the country, with limited transport and communication networks - factors that all impeded transmission of information about the suspected outbreak. Currently it takes about two to three days to reach the epicenter from Kinshasa," WHO said. "The full extent of the 2017 outbreak is still not yet clear." Related: Ebola Vaccine Works, Study Shows An Ebola epidemic in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia in 2013-2016 infected 28,000 people and killed more than 11,000 of them. It was the only epidemic of Ebola — usually, outbreaks are smaller and affect at the most a few hundred people. Vaccine developers rushed research on Ebola vaccines and there is an experimental vaccine that's been shown to be effective. Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, has an agreement with vaccine maker Merck to have it ready. "Gavi's work with Merck means there are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic," Gavi CEO Dr. Seth Berkley said. "The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable." Related: Antibody Treatment Works Against Ebola Virus Cousin The Democratic Republic of Congo has had eight outbreaks but none in areas similar to the West Africa epidemic, which spread widely in part because of intense cross-border travel and trade in densely populated areas. The last one was in 2014, and killed 49 people. "It is a sad fact that the people of the DRC are all too familiar with this horrific disease," Berkley added in a statement. "The fact that this is a country that has experience dealing with Ebola should give us hope that we won't see a pandemic on the scale of the 2014 outbreak that hit West Africa. We stand ready to support the DRC Government in its fight against Ebola." Maggie Fox Twitter Facebook Google Plus Topics Health news, Africa, World First Published May 12 2017, 10:20 am ET Next Story Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo to Cost $10 Million, WHO Says advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
FRI, MAY 19, 2017 | N/A °C N/A Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 2 hours ago High lake levels won’t scupper Pier 8 development More shoreline improvements are needed, but no residential blocks of the... Latest News SEE MORE Distraught father moved by community support in Waterdown following young daughter’s sudden death Vast majority of fire calls are medical emergencies Norfolk County manure thief confronted by property owner Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 9 hours ago U.S. opens 90-day window before NAFTA talks NewsAlert: U.S. triggers 90-day window ahead of NAFTA renegotiations Latest Business News SEE MORE Almost 40 per cent of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, new research shows Back to Bitumount: How the oilsands changed Alberta and Canada forever Walmart sees online sales surge, more shoppers at stores LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 2 hours ago Stroman hits first HR; Blue Jays top Teheran, Braves 9-0 Stroman hits first HR; Blue Jays top Teheran, Braves 9-0 Latest Sports News SEE MORE RBC Cup: Roy, Baird lead Cougars past Bandits TV today Today in sports history Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 2 hours ago Everything, Everything takes what could be maudlin and makes it charming The sickly teen romantic weepy isn’t exactly a new genre — consider the... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Guelph’s Liz Powell is back with a new lease on her musical life Ever Lovin’ Jug Band brings more ‘booglie-ooglie-oo’ Hollerado’s take on our crazy world Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines 18 hours ago The Spectator's vew: Ambrose leaves politics with an A-plus rating Speaking of departing interim Conservative Party leader Rona Ambrose,... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 7 hours ago U.S. Justice Department preparing to sue FCA over diesel emissions The U.S. Justice Department is gearing up to sue Fiat Chrysler Automobiles... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Rockton Fair volunteers to sport red shirts to mark Canada 150 Honda launches new race-inspired ad campaign Four hours of questions about Burlington high school closures not enough Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 2 hours ago Backyard flights of fancy: Hobbits, dragons, pirates, oh my! Many a kid (and grown-up) has dreamed of having a magical playhouse. Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Wiser at choosing a wife, than friends Wiser at choosing a wife, than friends Horoscopes Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 51% off a Fireworks Kit discount: 51% | value: $120.00 | You Save: $61.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days What is Legal Aid? Do I qualify? Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 51% off a Fireworks Kit discount: 51% | value: $120.00 | You Save: $61.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Confidence Hair Salon Home News World Suspected cases of Ebola rise to 18 in Democratic... | 7 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Suspected cases of Ebola rise to 18 in Democratic Republic of Congo Waterloo Region Record By Denise Grady The number of suspected cases of Ebola has risen to 18 from nine in nearly a week in an isolated part of Democratic Republic of Congo, where three have died from the disease since April 22, the World Health Organization said Thursday. The risk from the outbreak is "high at the national level," the WHO said, because the disease was so severe and was spreading in a remote area in northeastern Congo with "suboptimal surveillance" and limited access to health care. "Risk at the regional level is moderate due to the proximity of international borders and the recent influx of refugees from Central African Republic," the organization said, but it nonetheless described the global risk as low because the area is so remote. About a week ago, in addition to the nine suspected cases, 125 patients who had come into close contact with the disease were being monitored. Now, about 400 patients are being followed, and the two newest possible cases were reported Monday and Tuesday, according to the latest report on the WHO website. The Ebola virus causes fever, bleeding, vomiting and diarrhea, and it spreads easily by contact with bodily fluids. The death rate is high, often surpassing 50 per cent, particularly with the Zaire strain, which has been confirmed in two cases in this outbreak. The outbreak was reported in a densely forested part of Bas-Uele province, near the border with the Central African Republic. Cases have occurred in four separate parts of a region called the Likati health zone. Aid groups and the WHO have struggled to reach the affected area, which has no paved roads and can be reached only by a motorcycle ride through the forest, or by helicopter or light aircraft. The WHO, aid groups and the Congolese government are discussing the possibility of using an experimental Ebola vaccine, made by the U.S. pharmaceutical company Merck, that proved effective in Guinea. The response would involve a "ring vaccination," in which contacts of patients, contacts of contacts, and health workers would be vaccinated. There would be no mass public vaccination. The country "has considerable experience and capacity in confronting these outbreaks," Dr. Daniel Bausch, an Ebola expert at the WHO, said in an email. He added, "I think there is a very good probability that control can be rapidly achieved." New York Times | Latest News Local Distraught father moved by community support in Waterdown following young daughter’s sudden death Snapshot Police and Fire One dead, two injured in head-on crash on Highway 6 bypass Snapshot Local Waterloo Regional Police make contact with Hamilton murder suspect Snapshot Local Vast majority of fire calls are medical emergencies Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local CityLife: Long weekend great escape Local Video: Photojournalists arrested Business VIDEO: Precision Record Press Local VIDEO: Tour the new patient tower at Jo Brant The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE UDPATE: GoFundMe account set up for ‘beautiful daughter’ killed crossing rural road Photojournalist charged with obstruction at scene of girl’s fatal crash UPDATE: Hwy 403 reopens after woman killed One dead, two injured in head-on crash on Highway 6 bypass Preliminary autopsy says Chris Cornell killed himself by hanging In Your Neighbourhood Today Braces and supports for those twists and strains in life Paramount Pharmasave in Stoney Creek, Ontario, carries a comprehensive selection of therapeutic... Preventing the problems of wet basement season While most people welcome the arrival of spring, the experts at H&N Basement Worx in Hamilton know... Creating unique spaces in a studio apartment without creating big expenses Small living spaces do not mean you can't create multiple rooms that exist on their own. You can... Destinations to enjoy and lodge at during Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations It's not every year that a country celebrates a huge milestone like turning 150 years old. To mark... Your children and the dentist Creek View Dental in St. Catharines understands the fear and anxiety young children tend to have... Take backyard entertaining to the next level If you love to entertain in the summer get inspired by Flamborough Patio Furniture in Hamilton’s... Make an air plant work of art If you’ve ever wanted to reap the benefits of plants in your home, but don’t want to deal with the... Real estate headlines often obscure market facts Judy Marsales Realty has built a reputation in the Hamilton and Burlington area as a real estate... How to prep for a move: 7 great tips Dewitt Movers & Storage in Dundas has over 50 years of moving expertise, so they know that moving... Who can heal your dishwasher? The Appliance Doctor can Before you junk your broken dishwasher, talk to the experts at The Appliance Doctor in Hamilton to... Don’t let clutter stress you out: Organize your life with storage solutions Don’t wait for the spring season to clean out your closet; start decluttering your life and your... Today’s orthodontic solutions help patients of all ages Getting braces used to be something that dental patients dreaded, but with today's modern options,... Legal Matters: Backyard pool safety Question: I am planning on installing a pool in my fenced backyard. What steps can I take to... 5 tips to make your rental living room Pinterest-worthy You may think beautiful living rooms in small living spaces exist only in magazines, but think... Legal Matters: Seeking damages on behalf of an injured family member Question: My daughter was in a car accident and was badly injured. Do I have a claim against the... Legal Matters: Attention non-profits: Act fast to comply with new regulations Question: My Non-profit organization has not transitioned to the Canada Not-for-profit... Canadians don't have a saving problem – they have a fee problem, pt. 1 Bold statement, Nest Wealth. Ya. It is. Let's talk about it. It can feel like everywhere you... Easy ways to make an older rental kitchen look like new When you have a party or get-together in your small living space, your guests probably end up... Buying a home means understanding what’s involved Judy Marsales Realty is an independent real estate brokerage serving Hamilton, Dundas, Ancaster,... Top 6 Things Clients Ask About Our ETFs It’s been shown that the smartest way to maximize wealth in the long term is to invest in a... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal Up to 41% off Prix Fixe Dinner $49 View Deal Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal Wild Red Shrimp with the Shell On $40 View Deal View All Deals MORE WORLD U.S. airstrike hits pro-Syria government forces for first time Trump asks Colombia’s help to end Venezuela political crisis U.S. opens 90-day window before NAFTA talks Trump assails ‘witch hunt’ after naming of special counsel Car drives wrong way in Times Square and hits crowds; 1 dead PreviousNext Trump asks Colombia’s help to end Venezuela political crisis U.S. airstrike hits pro-Syria government forces for first time TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
msn back to msn home lifestyle search health search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Trending Weight Loss Fitness Nutrition Medical Diabetes Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video AdChoices Tackling Ebola outbreak in remote Congo presents huge challenge - WHO Reuters Kate Kelland 17 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why teens should never take diet pills 4 myths about sunscreen that you definitely believe are true Click to expand Replay Video The best inexpensive sunscreen New research suggests that these sunscreens can not only prevent you from getting sunburned. They can prevent you form aging your skin. But that doesn't mean you have to get burned when you go shopping. Money Talks News Study says: if it's you or the dog, the dog wins! Greg Argos reports. CBS Philly A podiatrist explains the terrible things that can happen to your feet if you run too much Podiatric surgeon Dr. Jacqueline Sutera explains some of the short and long-term consequences on your feet if you run too much. Business Insider SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Question Of Using Ebola Vaccine In Congo Becomes More Urgent Wochit News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next The best inexpensive sunscreen Money Talks News1:39 Study says: if it's you or the dog, the dog wins!CBS Philly2:34 A podiatrist explains the terrible things that can happen to your feet if you run too muchBusiness Insider1:52 These Trending Summer Swimsuits Are Not Really Meant for Swimming Buzz600:56 These Detachable Jeans Are A Thing But They Will Cost You! Buzz601:10 Mom has the best reaction to a surprise pregnancy reveal TODAY0:51 The Most Iconic Hair Looks from Cannes Film FestivalAllure1:04 The Best New Drugstore Beauty Products of 2017Allure1:12 This makeup artist made it look like she had snakes all over her mouth Hello Giggles0:46 Don’t Let Netflix Be A Constant Reminder of Your Breakup Buzz601:07 'RompHim' around: Rompers for men are here USA TODAY0:48 SPF: When And Where To Wear It Wochit News0:50 10 things you can purge from your closet Real Simple0:32 How lady travelers can steal-proof their stuff TPSY0:57 Avoid these foods if you are stressed Buzz601:20 How to Make Healthy and High-Protein Sweet Potato Falafels SELF1:11 UP NEXT An Ebola outbreak affecting up to 20 people in an extremely remote area in the Democratic Republic of Congo presents a high risk at a national level, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Thursday. In an update on an outbreak that officials believe began in late April, the United Nations health agency said there were two confirmed and 18 suspected cases of Ebola infection. Three people have died among the suspected and confirmed cases, including a 39-year-old man thought to be the first, or so-called "index" case. Peter Salama, the WHO's executive director for health emergencies, said the agency's risk assessment on the outbreak was that it is high at a national level, medium at African regional level and low at global level. However, he added: "We cannot underestimate the logistic and practical challenges associated with this response in a very remote and insecure part of the country. "As of now, we do not know the full extent of the outbreak, and as we deploy teams over the next few weeks, we will begin to understand . . . exactly what we're dealing with," Salama told reporters on a telephone briefing. He said the immediate priority would be to trace the around 400 recorded contacts of the suspected and confirmed cases. This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. The WHO said the outbreak is centered in the Likati Health Zone in the remote province of Bas-Uele in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. Salama described the area, which is around 1400 kilometers (870 miles)from the capital Kinshasa, as isolated and hard-to-reach, with virtually no functioning telecommunications and few paved roads. Asked about the potential for using an experimental vaccine, Salama said the logistics were "complex" but that the WHO was working with Congo's government and regulatory authorities. The vaccine, known as rVSV-ZEBOV and developed by Merck, is not yet licensed but was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published last December. To use the vaccine, Salama said the WHO would need a fully-approved protocol signed off by regulators, the government and ethics committees, as well as the logistics in place to gain informed consent from all those offered it and to transport and store it at the required minus 80 degrees Celsius (-176 F). "In an area without telecommunications, without road access, without large-scale electrification, this is going to be an enormous challenge," he said. "But we are committed to working with . . . partner agencies to implement a vaccination campaign if the (Congo) government gives us a green light." The three deaths so far are the "index" case - the man who fell sick and sought medical care on April 22 - a motorcycle rider who took him to hospital, and another person who cared for him en route. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Health & Fitness Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters A decade after debt forgiveness, Africa still hooked on dollars Reuters Sensex hits record high as consumer stocks surge Reuters UK PM May's Conservatives set to outspend Labour in election battle Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Disclaimer About Health Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart, Apple Lead DJIA Higher Thursday By Paul Ausick May 18, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet May 18, 2017: Markets opened lower again Thursday as investors and traders still seemed jittery over developments in Washington. By midday all three major indexes traded in the green led by telecom and energy stocks. WTI crude oil for June delivery settled at $49.35 a barrel, up 0.6% on the day. June gold dropped 0.5% for the day to settle at $1,252.80. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.37% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.51%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.79%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Thursday was Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) which traded up 3.16% at $77.50. The stock’s 52-week range is $65.28 to $77.66 and the high was posted this afternoon. Volume was about 80% higher than the daily average of around 8.2 million shares. The world’s largest retailer posted an earnings beat this morning and noted a 63% rise in e-commerce sales. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) traded up 1.84% at $171.97. The stock’s 52-week range is $128.76 to $176.14. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The health insurer had no specific news. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded up 1.66% at $64.04. The stock’s 52-week range is $54.08 to $66.80. Volume was about 15% above the daily average of around 9 million shares. The company had no specific news. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded up 1.59% at $152.64. The stock’s 52-week range is $91.50 to $156.65. Volume was about 15% higher than the daily average of around 24.8 million. The company had no specific news Thursday. Of the Dow stocks, 21 are on track to close higher Thursday and 9 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « What Analysts Are Saying After Cisco’s Earnings General Electric, Ascena Retail Group Tumble into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class America's Fastest Growing Beer Brands States With the Worst Roads States Producing the Most Renewable Energy The Richest Town in Every State Recent Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 General Electric, Ascena Retail Group Tumble into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Wal-Mart, Apple Lead DJIA Higher Thursday What Analysts Are Saying After Cisco’s Earnings Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Elon Musk Sends Seemingly Mixed Messages on Tesla's Valuation Google Is Making Its Biggest Push Yet Into Augmented Reality Real Talk! Here's Exactly When to Pay Off Credit Balances to Improve Your Credit Score Synchrony Financial to buy back up to $1.64 billion in shares Synchrony Financial hikes quarterly dividend to 15 cents Trump says he wants biggest tax cut in U.S. history Five Strong Buys Bucking Market Trends Incyte (INCY) Announces Positive Data on Enzyme Inhibitor A.I. Takes Center Stage at Google I/O 2017 Keynote Event Toyota, Nissan, others get behind fuel cell push in Japan Seeking a New Narrative, Trump Embarks on Trip to Middle East and Europe Trump Labor secretary tells G-20: More apprenticeships in US Basquiat Painting Sells for Historic $110.5 Million At Sotheby's Auction Why Trump Doesn't Have The Power To Mess With National Monuments This Pet-Sitting Site Lets You Vacation Around The World For Free Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Subscribe E-Newsletters Media File Contact Home Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe E-Newsletters Mobile Apps Transportation Material Handling Technology Strategy DCV-TV Channel 1: News and Exclusives Channel 2: Video Case Histories Channel 3: Videocasts Channel 4: Viewer Contributed Channel 5: Product and Service Profiles Upload Your Video Blogs Resources E-Newsletters Mobile Apps White Papers New Products Conference Guides Conference Reports Events Industry Press Room Home > Strategy > The Progress Group becomes division of Crimson & Co. Strategy May 18, 2017 The Progress Group becomes division of Crimson & Co. Supply chain consultancies to merge, expanding U.K.-based Crimson's foothold in North America. By DC Velocity Staff Comment Supply chain management consulting firm The Progress Group (TPG) has become a division of the British consultancy Crimson & Co., following two years of working together as partners, the firms said Monday. The companies did not reveal the terms of the merger. Atlanta-based TPG will now be known as Crimson & Co. North America, giving London-based Crimson an expanded foothold in the U.S. TPG first joined Crimson's global network in 2014, serving as Crimson's U.S.-based partner and in turn gaining access to its portfolio of knowledge, services, and expertise, the firms said in a release. Founded in 1991, TPG provides consulting services with a concentration in retail, e-commerce, warehouse, and network design. The firm found a shared culture with Crimson in creating supply chains that are effective and sustainable, according to a statement from Bruce Strahan, who will serve as president of the newly formed Crimson & Co North America. Following the change in name, TPG does not plan any changes to its employment levels or to its range of services in strategic planning, facility and operations design, cost reduction, process improvement, and program management, Strahan said. "Over the past two years, [TPG has] delivered significant value to Crimson & Co.'s global client base, especially with their deep expertise in the retail sector and warehouse design," Crimson & Co worldwide CEO Richard Powell said in a release. "This next step now means that we have a seamless, fully integrated service for our clients in the U.S." Crimson was founded in 2003 as a global consultancy specializing in supply chain strategy, planning, procurement, manufacturing, logistics, and customer channels, with a customer base including Sony, Diageo, Carlsberg, BAT, GSK, Tesco, and Merck. #Logistics #Supply Chain Management Resources Mentioned In This Article Crimson & Co. (U.K.) Crimson & Co. North America The Progress Group Related Articles Networking, peer-to-peer learning highlights for attendees at 40th annual WERC Conference DC Velocity and Supply Chain Quarterly rack up the honors Infographic: Taking stock The times they are a-changin' AriAnne Sproat chosen as "Face of the Supply Chain" More Videos » Strategy Videos Building a Great Transportation Strategy? Make Sure It Answers the What, Why and How Questions MHI – now and in the future. New MHI executive spearheading strategic reorganization Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you're not already logged in, you will be asked to log in or register. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Want more articles like this? Get a FREE subscription to DC Velocity. Feedback: What did you think of this article? We'd like to hear from you. DC VELOCITY is committed to accuracy and clarity in the delivery of important and useful logistics and supply chain news and information. If you find anything in DC VELOCITY you feel is inaccurate or warrants further explanation, please ?Subject=Feedback - : The Progress Group becomes division of Crimson & Co.">contact Chief Editor David Maloney. All comments are eligible for publication in the letters section of DC VELOCITY magazine. Please include you name and the name of the company or organization your work for. Industry Press Room » Read the latest industry news from Reynolds & Associates, TECSYS, Direct Recruiters, Inc., Industrium, Newcastle Systems, and more » More industry news » Submit your company's news Most Popular Articles 1. UPS, FedEx roll out pricing for ultra-short-haul delivery services 2. Teamsters, YRC Freight and two units agree to mid-course change in contract 3. Drones prepare to swarm the DC 4. Next round of port contracts likely to be settled without strife, expert forecasts 5. Going vertical: interview with David Egan 6. Norway plans ship tunnel 7. Brokers shrug at impact of new rivals, but load-matchers may need to take heed 8. XPO workers in Illinois reject union representation; Trenton workers say yes 9. Deliv adds grocery option to its same-day service 10. Coyote struggles for traction in UPS parent's larger infrastructure News from our sister publication Happy 10th anniversary to us! Mexico's NAFTA advocate Which country has the most resilient supply chain of them all? Sea container imports seen growing through summer, fall, report says SCM World is accepting entries for its Power of the Profession Awards Home Subscribe News Feeds Archives E-Newsletters Advertising Customer Care Contact About Staff List Privacy Policy Site Map © Copyright 2017 DC Velocity, a publication of Agile Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Sambit Kumar Global High Definition Oscilloscope Sales Market by Analysis by Regions, Key Players, Application and Forecasts to 2022 Browse High Definition Oscilloscope Sales Market report of 20 Table of Contents, 10 Companies and Spread across 106 pages available at http://www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=76207 Analysis of High Definition Oscilloscope Sales market and its upcoming growth prospects is been mentioned with maximum precision. This study includes an elaborative summary of High Definition Oscilloscope Sales market which also includes snapshots that offer depth of information of various other segmentations. Through qualitative and quantitative analysis of key factors which are responsible for boosting or hampering the market growth and the promising opportunities in High Definition Oscilloscope Sales market have been provide. Primary and secondary research is been done in detail which helps the readers have a strong understanding of the complete market for the forecast period of 2017 to 2025. The major geographical regions which include, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East & Africa and Latin America are studied. Top manufacturers from all these regions are studied to help give a better picture of the market investment. Production, price, capacity, revenue and many such important data is been discussed with precise data. Get copy of this report: https://www.researchnreports.com/enquiry_before_buying.php?id=76207. The study segments the market by geography into: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. It provides in-depth forecasts of revenue of the market as a whole as well as each and every application segment. The competitive landscape is mapped depending on product and technology. This study also offers an overview of pricing trends and ancillary factors that will be influencing pricing in the global High Definition Oscilloscope Sales market. The market study, estimation, and market sizing have been done utilizing a combination of top-down and bottom-up approaches. //Companies are mentioned: Sanofi, Merck, Pfizer, Cerulean Pharma, Selecta Biosciences, Nanobiotix, Magforce, Celgene, Celsion Corporation, Novsrtisnamiyaow, GSK, Eli Lilly, and Astrazeneca Table of Contents Industry Overview of Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis Global Overall Market Overview High Definition Oscilloscope Sales Regional Market Analysis Global 2012-2017E Key Segment Market Analysis (by Type) Global 2012-2017E Key Segment Market Analysis (by Application) Major Manufacturers Analysis Development Trend of Analysis of Market High Definition Oscilloscope Sales Marketing Model Analysis Consumers Analysis of High Definition Oscilloscope Sales New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis Complete Table of Contents Available @ https://www.researchnreports.com/machinery-equipment/Global-High-Definition-Oscilloscope-Sales-Market-Report-2017-76207 About Research n Reports: Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports) CategoriesGoogle News TagsHealtcare IT, Health Care Equipment, health-care services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Audio and Infotainment Market 2017 – Global Industry Key Players, Status, Type, Application, Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Europe, the Middle East and Africa Squeeze Tube Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Pink Jeep Tours Wins Prestigious Concierge Award For Sixth Consecutive Year 2016 Billing Company of the Year ML Billing Reaches Its 30th Anniversary – With No Signs of Slowing Down Global Patient-Controlled Analgesia Pump Market 2017-2021 – Leading Companies, Material, Application, and Geography World Intra Oral Scanners for Digital Impression Market during 2017-2021-Industry Analysis, Geographical, Application, and Geography Trend & Forecasts International Light Electric Aircraft Market Growth during 2017-2021: Material, Application, Leading Countries, Challenges, Trends, & Drivers Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Sambit Kumar Global High Definition Oscilloscope Sales Market by Analysis by Regions, Key Players, Application and Forecasts to 2022 Browse High Definition Oscilloscope Sales Market report of 20 Table of Contents, 10 Companies and Spread across 106 pages available at http://www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=76207 Analysis of High Definition Oscilloscope Sales market and its upcoming growth prospects is been mentioned with maximum precision. This study includes an elaborative summary of High Definition Oscilloscope Sales market which also includes snapshots that offer depth of information of various other segmentations. Through qualitative and quantitative analysis of key factors which are responsible for boosting or hampering the market growth and the promising opportunities in High Definition Oscilloscope Sales market have been provide. Primary and secondary research is been done in detail which helps the readers have a strong understanding of the complete market for the forecast period of 2017 to 2025. The major geographical regions which include, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East & Africa and Latin America are studied. Top manufacturers from all these regions are studied to help give a better picture of the market investment. Production, price, capacity, revenue and many such important data is been discussed with precise data. Get copy of this report: https://www.researchnreports.com/enquiry_before_buying.php?id=76207. The study segments the market by geography into: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World. It provides in-depth forecasts of revenue of the market as a whole as well as each and every application segment. The competitive landscape is mapped depending on product and technology. This study also offers an overview of pricing trends and ancillary factors that will be influencing pricing in the global High Definition Oscilloscope Sales market. The market study, estimation, and market sizing have been done utilizing a combination of top-down and bottom-up approaches. //Companies are mentioned: Sanofi, Merck, Pfizer, Cerulean Pharma, Selecta Biosciences, Nanobiotix, Magforce, Celgene, Celsion Corporation, Novsrtisnamiyaow, GSK, Eli Lilly, and Astrazeneca Table of Contents Industry Overview of Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis Global Overall Market Overview High Definition Oscilloscope Sales Regional Market Analysis Global 2012-2017E Key Segment Market Analysis (by Type) Global 2012-2017E Key Segment Market Analysis (by Application) Major Manufacturers Analysis Development Trend of Analysis of Market High Definition Oscilloscope Sales Marketing Model Analysis Consumers Analysis of High Definition Oscilloscope Sales New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis Complete Table of Contents Available @ https://www.researchnreports.com/machinery-equipment/Global-High-Definition-Oscilloscope-Sales-Market-Report-2017-76207 About Research n Reports: Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat Global competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports) CategoriesGoogle News TagsHealtcare IT, Health Care Equipment, health-care services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Audio and Infotainment Market 2017 – Global Industry Key Players, Status, Type, Application, Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Europe, the Middle East and Africa Squeeze Tube Market Size, Growth Drivers, Market Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Pink Jeep Tours Wins Prestigious Concierge Award For Sixth Consecutive Year 2016 Billing Company of the Year ML Billing Reaches Its 30th Anniversary – With No Signs of Slowing Down Global Patient-Controlled Analgesia Pump Market 2017-2021 – Leading Companies, Material, Application, and Geography World Intra Oral Scanners for Digital Impression Market during 2017-2021-Industry Analysis, Geographical, Application, and Geography Trend & Forecasts International Light Electric Aircraft Market Growth during 2017-2021: Material, Application, Leading Countries, Challenges, Trends, & Drivers Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Global Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market 2017-2021: Market Segmentation and Forecasts by Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global allergy rhinitis drugs market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global allergy rhinitis drugs market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 18, 2017 01:43 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global allergy rhinitis drugs market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 3% during the forecast period. This research report titled ‘Global Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This report also includes an up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. “High unmet needs exist in the market due to the low number of FDA-approved drugs. Due to this, people often use off-label drugs for the treatment of these diseases. Most off-label drugs only provide symptomatic relief and have multiple side-effects. The market still lacks drugs that can reduce inflammation and cause irreversible airway remodeling,” says Sapna Jha, a lead analyst at Technavio for infectious and rare diseases research. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. The market research analysis categorizes the global allergy rhinitis drugs market into three major segments based on drug class. They are: Global allergy rhinitis antihistamines market Global allergy rhinitis intranasal corticosteroids market Global allergy rhinitis immunotherapies market Global allergy rhinitis antihistamines market The antihistamines drugs segment dominates the global allergy rhinitis drugs market with a share of more than 65% in 2016. The dominant position of this segment is attributed to the availability of a wide range of drugs for allergic rhinitis. People with intermittent symptoms of allergy rhinitis are often treated with oral antihistamines, decongestants, or both as needed. In addition, the growing drug pipeline for the treatment of allergy rhinitis is expected to contribute substantially to the market growth. For instance, GenMont Biotech is developing eN-Lac for the treatment of allergy rhinitis. The drug is in phase III and is expected to enter the market in the forecast period. Global allergy rhinitis intranasal corticosteroids market Corticosteroids are a form of steroids used to treat swelling and inflammation caused by a range of allergies and allergic asthma. They are taken on a short-term or a long-term basis, depending on the severity of the condition. Unlike inhaled corticosteroids used to treat asthma, nasal corticosteroids are sprayed directly into the nasal passage. Nasal corticosteroids decrease inflammation in the nose, relieving nasal congestion. Nasal corticosteroids are available in spray, aerosol liquid, and powder form. The intranasal corticosteroids segment is expected to grow at a steady pace owing to the increased demand for aerosol liquid, spray, and aerosol powder. For instance, vendors such as GlaxoSmithKline, Meda, Merck, and AstraZeneca have an established clinical profile for the treatment of allergy rhinitis. Global allergy rhinitis immunotherapies market Allergen immunotherapy, also known as allergy shots, is a form of long-term treatment that decreases symptoms in people with allergic rhinitis. Allergy shots decrease the sensitivity to allergens and provides relief from allergy symptoms even after the treatment is stopped. This makes it a cost-effective treatment. Allergen immunotherapy involves the administration of increasing doses of allergen extracts over a period. Immunotherapy can be administered as injections, drops, or sublingual (under the tongue) tablets. “The global allergic rhinitis immunotherapies market is growing at a rapid pace. This drug class is anticipated to account for most of the new drug launches during the forecast period,” says Sapna. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s market research analysts in this report are: GlaxoSmithKline Sanofi ALK-Abelló Meda Pharmaceuticals Browse Related Reports: Global Botulinum Toxin Market 2017-2021 Global Orphan Drugs Market 2017-2021 Global Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like oncology, urology devices, and vaccines. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global allergy rhinitis drugs market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 3% during the forecast period. #Hashtags #Technavio #allergyrhinitisdrugs #Healthcare #Research #InfectiousandRareDiseases Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market 2017-2021: Market Segmentation and Forecasts by Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global allergy rhinitis drugs market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 3% during the forecast period. This research report titled ‘Global Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This report also includes an up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. “High unmet needs exist in the market due to the low number of FDA-approved drugs. Due to this, people often use off-label drugs for the treatment of these diseases. Most off-label drugs only provide symptomatic relief and have multiple side-effects. The market still lacks drugs that can reduce inflammation and cause irreversible airway remodeling,” says Sapna Jha, a lead analyst at Technavio for infectious and rare diseases research. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. The market research analysis categorizes the global allergy rhinitis drugs market into three major segments based on drug class. They are: Global allergy rhinitis antihistamines market Global allergy rhinitis intranasal corticosteroids market Global allergy rhinitis immunotherapies market Global allergy rhinitis antihistamines market The antihistamines drugs segment dominates the global allergy rhinitis drugs market with a share of more than 65% in 2016. The dominant position of this segment is attributed to the availability of a wide range of drugs for allergic rhinitis. People with intermittent symptoms of allergy rhinitis are often treated with oral antihistamines, decongestants, or both as needed. In addition, the growing drug pipeline for the treatment of allergy rhinitis is expected to contribute substantially to the market growth. For instance, GenMont Biotech is developing eN-Lac for the treatment of allergy rhinitis. The drug is in phase III and is expected to enter the market in the forecast period. Global allergy rhinitis intranasal corticosteroids market Corticosteroids are a form of steroids used to treat swelling and inflammation caused by a range of allergies and allergic asthma. They are taken on a short-term or a long-term basis, depending on the severity of the condition. Unlike inhaled corticosteroids used to treat asthma, nasal corticosteroids are sprayed directly into the nasal passage. Nasal corticosteroids decrease inflammation in the nose, relieving nasal congestion. Nasal corticosteroids are available in spray, aerosol liquid, and powder form. The intranasal corticosteroids segment is expected to grow at a steady pace owing to the increased demand for aerosol liquid, spray, and aerosol powder. For instance, vendors such as GlaxoSmithKline, Meda, Merck, and AstraZeneca have an established clinical profile for the treatment of allergy rhinitis. Global allergy rhinitis immunotherapies market Allergen immunotherapy, also known as allergy shots, is a form of long-term treatment that decreases symptoms in people with allergic rhinitis. Allergy shots decrease the sensitivity to allergens and provides relief from allergy symptoms even after the treatment is stopped. This makes it a cost-effective treatment. Allergen immunotherapy involves the administration of increasing doses of allergen extracts over a period. Immunotherapy can be administered as injections, drops, or sublingual (under the tongue) tablets. “The global allergic rhinitis immunotherapies market is growing at a rapid pace. This drug class is anticipated to account for most of the new drug launches during the forecast period,” says Sapna. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s market research analysts in this report are: GlaxoSmithKline Sanofi ALK-Abelló Meda Pharmaceuticals Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like oncology, urology devices, and vaccines. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious アディバント、欧州での深刻なイソブチレン不足のため、抗酸化剤に臨時追加料金を課すことを発表 Next PostNext BizVibe Highlights Recent Market Developments in the Healthcare and Fitness Industry Search Recent Posts Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Interventional Radiology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail     Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Health Health Directory Diets Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Phone calls, dinner, and an awkward HUG: How fired FBI director James Comey was 'unsettled' by interactions with Trump and was left 'disgusted' after embrace from President at ceremony EXCLUSIVE: How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour of coming off stage' Ex-national security adviser Michael Flynn claims Trump told him to 'stay strong' months after he was fired Wrap your outfits in SOCKS, cling wrap liquid makeup and put shoes in shower caps: The genius packing tips to keep your luggage perfectly organised Luxury Italian shoe firm Gianvito Rossi is accused of refusing to give Serena Williams a celebrity discount because 'the company did not want African American women to wear its shoes' Four Duggar sisters sue Arkansas city and a magazine who 'revealed their identities after they told police they had been molested by brother Josh' Diet not working? Just meditate: Study reveals mindfulness helped people lose 7 times more weight than people on a standard regime Teenage prostitute at center of Oakland police sex scandal tells court how married cop 'acted like a pimp and taught her how to be a good hooker' Deadliest Catch star Sig Hansen 'arrested for assault after spitting on Uber driver and kicking car' 'I've seen people pass out, hit the floor like a pancake and smash their face open': Tesla CEO Elon Musk comes under fire as employees claim they are forced to work in harsh conditions Sunscreen scam: A THIRD of the most popular bottles 'don't offer the protection they promise', study warns Personal trainer reveals how meal prepping TWO MONTHS worth of lunches and dinners before giving birth helped her stay healthy and avoid junk food after pregnancy PICTURED: The girl, 18, killed by ex-military man with a history of drunk driving who 'mowed down Times Square crowds after smoking synthetic marijuana' in horror attack that has left another 22 injured EXCLUSIVE: How Planet Hollywood hero who helped apprehend druggie Navy vet who plowed into Times Square tourists The number of atheists in America could be 10 times more than previous estimates: New study uses indirect technique to sidestep possible 'stigma' Johnny Depp says he would take over impersonating Trump on Saturday Night Live if Alec Baldwin steps down Thirteen people are injured as ANOTHER train derails outside of New York City during rush hour  'I wanted to kill them, you were supposed to kill me': Drug-crazed driver who plowed into pedestrians on the sidewalk in Times Square - killing one and injuring 22 - tells cops he planned a murder-suicide spree Trump to 'try diplomatic engagement with North Korea to resolve nuclear crisis' Army pulls recruitment commercial titled 'Honor' after discovering one of the soldiers featured in it raped a 15-year-old girl  Marla Maples rushes to site of fatal Times Square crash and takes a series of SELFIES just feet from where teen died Think you're smarter than a first-grader? Think again! Math problem taken from a seven-year-old's test leaves the internet totally stumped FORTY-FOUR MS-13 gangsters - including the former head of the Los Angeles gang - face federal charges after pre-dawn police raids Put in the air-conditioner NOW: Forecasters predict a hotter than usual summer for almost the entire country - including Alaska Previous Next First long-term study on HPV claims the vaccine is 100% effective at protecting men from cancer caused by the STI New studies claim the HPV vaccine prevents infection and genital warts Experts suggest jabs can prevent men from developing strains linked to cancer  These are the first studies completed that look at the effects of the vaccine   HPV is the most common sexually-transmitted infection, with 80m infected By Cheyenne Roundtree For Dailymail.com and Associated Press Published: 12:54 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 15:49 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail 102 shares 44 View comments The first long-term study conducted into the HPV vaccine confirm it is almost 100 percent effective at protecting men from developing oral cancer. The treatment was approved to the market in 2006 to prevent women from getting cervical cancer but experts haven't been able to fully examine its effect over time. Now, the results are in from a three-year study on the effects - the longest investigation ever on HPV. It confirmed that there was no trace of cancer-linked strains of HPV among men who received the vaccine - whereas two percent of untreated men had a potentially cancerous strain. Another study, also released today, found the jab makes it next to impossible for vaccinated children to develop genital warts from the STI in their late teens and 20s. Despite a multitude of interest and research, these are the first substantial studies to confirm the vaccine's ability to protect people from the STI and diseases that can stem from it. The HPV vaccine does protect against infection, preventing genital warts, and possibly against oral cancer in men, according to new studies WHAT IS HUMAN PAPILLOMA VIRUS?  HPV is the most common sexually-transmitted infection. In fact, almost every sexually active man or woman will get it during their lifetime. It is spread through sex and oral sex with someone who has the virus, regardless of whether they show symptoms. Many people never show symptoms, and the majority of cases go away without treatment. However, it can sometimes cause genital warts and/or cancer. Symptoms can arise years after infection. Around 99 per cent of cervical cancer diagnoses are related to infections like HPV. HPV can also cause cancers of the throat, neck, tongue, tonsils, vulva, vagina, penis or anus. Often, the cancer does not develop until years after a patient was infected with HPV. Source: CDC  Human papillomavirus (HPV) is the most common sexually-transmitted disease in the US, with approximately 80 million people currently infected. Although most infections disappear on their own, without even displaying symptoms, some strains can lead to genital warts and even cancers, including prostate, throat, head and neck, rectum and cervical cancer. Approximately 28,000 cases of cancer caused by HPV are diagnosed annually - most of which would have preventable with the vaccine, the CDC says. The vaccine was first introduced with the main goal to prevent cervical cancer in women, but only about half of those eligible are getting the shots. The study on HPV vaccines leading to oral cancer in men was led by Dr. Maura Gillison of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. It was the first research done on whether the vaccine might prevent oral HPV infections in young men, and the results suggest it can. The data was compiled from 2,627 men and women ages 18 to 33 years in a national health study from 2011 to 2014. The results in men were striking - no infections in the vaccinated group versus 2.13 percent of the others.  The two-dose vaccine study on genital warts was conducted by medical experts at the Boston University School of Medicine and examined the number of shots given to patients.  They concluded that girls given two or three jabs prevented better against genital warts compared to those given one or no jabs. There were similar results in the two and three jab test subjects, which experts concluding two counts of the vaccine were enough.  Rebecca Perkins, an obstetrician and the lead author of the Boston study, said: 'This study validates the new recommendations and allows us to confidently move forward with the two dose schedule for the prevention of genital warts.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Almost 50% of U.S. men have HPV infection that causes cancer... Balloon swallowed with a glass of water and then inflated in... Share this article Share HPV is the most common sexually-transmitted infection.  The vaccine was first introduced with the main goal to prevent cervical cancer in women, but only about half of those eligible are getting the shots 40,000 HPV-LINKED CANCERS DIAGNOSED A YEAR, CDC SAYS Figures released in July showed a dramatic climb in diagnoses of cancers linked to HPV. An average of 39,000 cases were diagnosed each year between 2008 and 2012, the CDC reported. That was a leap from 33,500 a year between 2002 and 2007. Almost 80 percent of cases in the last five years were directly attributable to HPV, including 19,200 diagnoses for female and 11,600 for males. The most common HPV-related diagnoses in women were cervical cancers. For men, mouth and throat cancers were the most common. The CDC estimates that more than 28,000 of these diagnoses could have been blocked by the HPV jab. 'Full vaccination coverage of the U.S. population could prevent future HPV-attributable cancers and potentially reduce racial and ethnic disparities in HPV-associated cancer incidence,' the authors wrote. 'Ongoing surveillance for HPV-associated cancers using high-quality population-based registries is needed to monitor trends in cancer incidence that might result from increasing use of HPV vaccines and changes in cervical cancer screening practices.'  Although HPV is very common and a majority of cases go away without treatment, the infection does have several other risks.  Oral infections are blamed for 70 percent of cancers in the mouth and back of the throat. About 11,600 of these occur each year in the U.S. and rates are rising five percent per year.  They're four times more common in men than women. There are now more mouth and throat cancers caused by HPV in the U.S. each year than there are cervical cancers. Oral sex is the main risk factor for getting an HPV infection in the mouth or throat, Dr Gillison said. While 'oral sex does not give you cancer,' the infection in rare cases can develop into cancer over many years, she explained. The vaccines are recommended mostly for young people, ideally before they're exposed to HPV. Merck's Gardasil is approved in the U.S. for females nine through 26 to prevent cervical, vulvar, vaginal and anal cancers and genital warts. For males ages nine through 26, it's approved for preventing anal cancer and genital warts. A newer version of Gardasil that includes more HPV virus types is approved for males nine through 15. GlaxoSmithKline's Cervarix vaccine is approved for females nine through 25 to prevent cervical cancer. All require two or three shots, depending on age.  When the vaccine was first introduced, it faced a wave of backlash from conservative parents who thought the shot would encourage children to be promiscuous. Michele Bachmann led a fierce campaign against the vaccine and urging senators to block the jab's approval, claiming there was evidence it led to mental disorders. Some schools began to require children to have the vaccine, including those in the District of Columbia and Virginia. Rhode Island schools require both girls and boys to get the jabs. Nearly half of US states have proposed school-entry requirements for HPV vaccination without success since 2006. Parents were the least likely to agree with HPV vaccine school-entry requirements if they lived in the Midwest, and they were most likely to agree if they lived in the Northeast.   In the UK, all girls aged 12 to 13 get the vaccine as part of the NHS childhood vaccination program, and it's usually given to girls in year eight.  The treatment in England is two injections to the arm spaced at least six months apart. Girls who began vaccination before September 2014 receive three injections.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 102 shares Most watched News videos Hilarious moment Saudi man makes enormous blunder doing the dab Female security guard viciously punched by man in Chicago Dog enjoys playful tickle before suddenly falling asleep Driver miraculously survives after head-on crash splits car in half Deer crashes into family's home and refuses to leave Hit-and-run driver caught on video striking teen on bicycle Trump shared secrets with Russia according to reports Laying low: Lady fakes road accident when car is still far away Former FBI director Mueller named to investigate Trump’s Russia ties Size does matter: Patterson attorneys argue over penis size defense Ivanka shares video of her son Theordore's first steps Graduation gone wild as PARENTS brawl over reserved seats Toddler found locked in a makeshift CAGE alone in a house... Florida man is bitten on the tongue by a snake after... House explodes in flames in shocking arson attack killing... Hackers could access Mar A Lago wifi 'in less than five... Exhumed priest's DNA doesn't match evidence in 1969... 'We should throw their ambassador the hell out!': McCain... Guatemalan immigrant, 28, 'repeatedly raped 10-year-old... Interracial marriages in America are at an all-time high... Romantic moment a graduating student grabs the microphone... SEVEN undercover NYPD officers help Texas woman recover... 'I had a shot because Chris Cornell died': Aussie drink... Father accused of getting so drunk at Disney World he... Yale dean who called diners 'white trash' and 'uneducated... California man, 24, sentenced to more than three years in... Laying a claim! ‘Scammer’ who schemes compensation... Mother of three, 33, left paralyzed after eating nacho... Texas boy who just turned 14 could be branded a sex... Heartbreaking moment grief-stricken mother collapses upon... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 44 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Progresso 40 Delicious Flavors 100 calories or less. more Today's headlines Most Read EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden, 22, reveals she is addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixes with... 1 in 4 adults admit they would swim in a pool if they had diarrhea - as CDC warns infections from... Why burning trendy scented candles in your home is dangerous for your health by filling the air with dust... Dr Pimple Popper removes lump the size of a BOWLING BALL from man's neck Baby born with bright white locks sends the internet into meltdown over her striking resemblance to Game of... Key to infertility in older women is revealed: Scientists pinpoint fault in eggs that could help tackle the... Maintaining the same weight as you age may prevent diabetes – even if you’re overweight to begin with Regularly snacking on almonds, pecans or walnuts improves bowel cancer survival by 57%, study reveals Sunscreen scam: A THIRD of the most popular bottles 'don't offer the protection they promise', study warns The key to good sleep? Seeing daylight when you wake up: We NEED a glimpse of the sun first-thing to keep... Could POPPY SEEDS be an alternative to IVF? Century-old technique enables 40% of previously infertile women... The 'Charlie Sheen effect' on HIV: Study claims the actor saved lives by inspiring huge surge in rates of... First long-term study on HPV claims the vaccine is 100% effective at protecting men from cancer caused by... Do NOT try this at home: Experts TICKed off at a viral video of a woman putting peppermint oil on parasite... 'He is the bravest boy': Baby Arlo has spent his whole life in hospital hooked up to tubes but carries on... MORE HEADLINES Dr Pimple Popper removes lump the size of a BOWLING BALL from man's neck EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden, 22, reveals she is addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixes with CHAMPAGNE - after turning to them to cope with anxiety and depression after her miscarriage Sunscreen scam: A THIRD of the most popular bottles 'don't offer the protection they promise', study warns Do NOT try this at home: Experts TICKed off at a viral video of a woman putting peppermint oil on parasite because it could give you deadly Lyme disease Baby born with bright white locks sends the internet into meltdown over her striking resemblance to Game of Thrones character Daenerys Why burning trendy scented candles in your home is dangerous for your health by filling the air with dust and fungus that can get in your lungs Regularly snacking on almonds, pecans or walnuts improves bowel cancer survival by 57%, study reveals 'It's made me feel like a real life hunchback': Woman, 47, riddled with 100 tumours is finally showing off her curved spine after years of staying indoors and feeling like 'a freak' First long-term study on HPV claims the vaccine is 100% effective at protecting men from cancer caused by the STI Diet not working? Just meditate: Study reveals mindfulness helped people lose 7 times more weight than people on a standard regime Key to infertility in older women is revealed: Scientists pinpoint fault in eggs that could help tackle the higher risk of miscarriages and disabilities The key to good sleep? Seeing daylight when you wake up: We NEED a glimpse of the sun first-thing to keep our body clocks in check, study says The 'Charlie Sheen effect' on HIV: Study claims the actor saved lives by inspiring huge surge in rates of people getting tested after revealing his status 'He is the bravest boy': Baby Arlo has spent his whole life in hospital hooked up to tubes but carries on smiling despite his uncertain future Maintaining the same weight as you age may prevent diabetes – even if you’re overweight to begin with MOST READ IN DETAIL     MORE DON'T MISS Marion Cotillard dazzles in two glamorous ensembles as her new movie Ismael's Ghosts premieres on opening night of Cannes  Newly engaged Eva Herzigová dazzles in gold gown as she makes an appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony Julianne Moore wows in stunning scarlet dress with intricate feather detail as she commands attention at Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Sunny disposition? New dad Liam Payne rocks a bright yellow jacket in NYC... as Cheryl breaks her silence on 'amazing' motherhood Lifeguard legs! Kelly Rohrbach shows off chiseled pins in high-cut white dress as she swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! ahead of Baywatch release Bye bye blonde! Erin Holland shows off her newly brunette locks and enviable figure in a bold striped dress at Fashion Week Newly brunette model  'Hey Beyonce... I've got a secret': Amber Rose reveals she was hacked after posting feisty tweets claiming to be 'Becky with the good hair' 'Kieran, why haven't I got my wedding ring on?' Katie Price and her husband discuss the reason behind her missing band amid 'marriage woes' Spencer Matthews emerges from a swanky hairdressers with a sharp, clean cut look as he prepares for his best man duties at his big brother's wedding  Peep show! Kendall Jenner strips down to skimpy lacy underwear for psychedelic La Perla campaign Flaunted her assets in skimpy undies Naomi Watts cuts a relaxed figure in a matching black and gold patterned combo as she drops by Late Night with Seth Meyers King Kong star  Red hot! Penelope Cruz has Baywatch moment while hitting pool in crimson one-piece... as she enjoys break from filming American Crime Story Personal trainer David Lundy is 'being lined up for new series of Love Island... and dumped his model girlfriend by TEXT message to take part in show' She's still got the voice! Singer Natalie Imbruglia continues European tour with show-stopping performance at London's O2 Institute 'He's nervous in an excited, good way!' George Clooney is 'hunkering down' in England until birth of twins Two is the magic number Showing him what he's missing! Bella Thorne flashes nipple on Snapchat as 'sex addict' Scott Disick spends the day with another new mystery girl Something to smile about: Jennifer Garner treats herself to a shopping spree a month after filing from divorce from Ben Affleck Going through divorce EXCLUSIVE: 'We know it's cringe, but it doesn't put us off': MIC's Ryan Libbey brands Louise Thompson 'The One as he has his say on THOSE workout videos Little Mix's Jesy Nelson puts on racy display in plunging bra and knickers as she poses with 'sidekick' Leigh-Anne Pinnock in cheeky Instagram post 'You're famous enough!' Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd BANS her from breastfeeding on social media... as fans call for Mummy Diaries spin-off  That's what friends are for! Cressida Bonas braves a downpour as she hurries through Chinatown to support Princess Eugenie as she hosts an event  Bearded Jim Carrey joins Mel Brooks at the star-studded premiere of If You're Not In The Obit, Eat Breakfast After debuting his new facial hair The HI life! Margot Robbie looks thrilled as she enjoys a picnic with Tom Ackerley during romantic day in Hawaii Enjoyed a cute picnic in Hawaii  Abs-ey Clancy! Britain's Next Top Model judge goes braless beneath sheer crochet crop top with jeans as she tends to NAKED contestants on finale MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in thong as she floods Instagram with holiday snaps from her sixth getaway in five months Family fun! Margot Robbie hits the beach in Hawaii with new husband Tom Ackerley and her mother... weeks after pregnancy rumours surfaced Keeping it classy! Courtney Stodden wears relatively demure white dress as she poses up a storm at Hollywood party Famous blonde The Dude abides! Jeff Bridges sells Montecito villa with vineyard and orchid greenhouse for $15.9m, almost half the asking price from two years ago Jessica Chastain looks stunning in Gothic-inspired strapless gown as she arrives at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Naomie Harris brings a rainbow to the red carpet as she dazzles in candy striped gown at the 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Dressed to kill: LISA SNOWDON on how you are never too old for bikinis (as long as you wear big knickers) LeAnn Rimes flashes sideboob as she goes braless in a tiny tank and denim shorts at Hollywood party She was a showstopper on the red carpet IDEAL male body shape revealed: How men want to be 'inverted triangles' like sports stars Bolt and Ronaldo... but most are 'rectangles' like Becks Wonder who she Scott them from? Bella Thorne shows off huge bouquet of flowers sent by mystery admirer Every rose has is thorn. And it looked like Scott Ariel Winter channels The Little Mermaid as she becomes a redhead after a long day at hair salon in Los Angeles Finally taking after her namesake The nice middle-class girl who's shattered teen hearts: Harry Styles' clean-eating guru girlfriend Tess Ward was outed when she wore the star's Gucci shirt Golden girl! Kate Moss steals the show in shimmering sheer maxi dress and velvet blazer as she hosts glamorous launch of her new jewellery collection  Jonathan Cheban brought Kardashian family to Mexican restaurant ONE DAY after it reopened following cockroach infestation What a transformation! Penelope Cruz channels Donatella Versace in tight red dress and blonde wig to film scenes for Gianni Versace biopic EXCLUSIVE: 'How Jagger seduced me at 17 behind Jerry's back': Lady Antonia Fraser's daughter breaks her silence about their affair for the first time  That's cheeky! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray barely covers her modesty as in a G-string during bizarre 'workout'... after THAT naked selfie Felicity Jones 'is engaged to film director beau Charles Guard after two years of dating' The 33-year-old star said: 'Yes' 'I am really proud of Miley': Five years sober Demi Lovato commends alleged feud-mate Cyrus after she stopped using drink and drugs Offered supportive words Love in the air? The Leftovers star Margaret Qualley, 22, rumored to be dating Beasts Of No Nation director Cary Fukunaga, 39 A new rumoir How Emma Stone introduced Taylor Swift to her 'charismatic' new man dubbed 'a quintessential panty dropper' who has wowed leading ladies 'Please send healing prayers': Chloe Lattanzi shares an emotional tribute to her mother Olivia Newton-John as she battles a spinal and nerve condition Harry Styles takes to the stage for exclusive Los Angeles gig... as girlfriend Tess Ward speaks out after hateful comments from his fans Monochrome magnificence: Rumer Willis nails Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) in Lip Sync Battle sneak peek The 28-year-old daughter of Bruce Willis  New hair, don't care! Katie Price unveils bubblegum pink 'do after teasing transformation... just hours after going on Loose Women with brunette locks Playing for the W! Dennis Quaid has been cast as George W Bush in FX series Katrina: American Crime Story Miniseries focusing on Hurricane Katrina Jessie Wallace is casually chic in chiffon shirt and trendy shades as promotes spin-off series Redwater at BBC Radio 2 with Shane Richie That's her secret! Cameron Diaz shows off her youthful face as she picks up some organic treats at Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Eating well Rose Byrne stuns in glamorous new photoshoot... as she speaks out about 'misogynistic' comedies where women are 'always the nagging one' Short and booty-ful! Ariel Winter heads to the hair salon dressed in a VERY revealing pair of black denim cut-offs Karrueche Tran celebrates BFF J.Ryan La Cour's 30th birthday party with Christina Milian in WeHo Chris Brown did not get an invite   In it for the Long(oria) haul! Busty Eva shows no sign of fatigue as she leads the glamour at Edinburgh's Global Gift Gala... just hours after hosting event in Paris She's the belle of THIS ball! Vogue Williams wows in blue strapless gown at the Edinburgh Global Gift Gala... after being 'banned' from Pippa's wedding  Josie Gibson shows off her flawless hourglass frame as she oozes Hollywood glamour in classic gown at Global Gift Gala in Edinburgh The Global Gift that keeps on giving! Ashley James dazzles in futuristic sequinned gown as she attends Eva Longoria's second charity fundraiser Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas is joined by wife Daniella Semaan as they support Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez's partners at Barcelona store launch  Hand Solo! Harrison Ford steals the show in bespoke suit as he introduces Ridley Scott at director's Hollywood handprint ceremony One of his best friends  Bikini-clad Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible toned figure and ample cleavage in bondage inspired two-piece ahead of Cannes Film Festival You CANNES wear cream! Copy the neutral-color gowns of film fest stars Emily Ratajkowski and Elle Fanning with our edit of affordable alternatives Going for a spin! Mariska Hargitay shows off her white tulle overcoat while posing on the red carpet at the star-studded Paley Honors event Earning her Instagram model stripes! Tash Oakley showcases her taut physique in racy black-and-white bikini during luxury getaway Social media enthusiast  Amber Rose 'slept while intruder broke into her house and stayed for four hours'... but nothing was stolen Made a shocking discovery  Wet and wild! Kylie Jenner shares seductive shot of herself wearing a sheer black one-piece swimsuit Meghan Markle gets into UK and is whisked straight to Kensington Palace ahead of Pippa's weekend wedding James Corden set to return as 2018 Grammy Awards host in New York City after emceeing show in February Suits her well! Rumer Willis steps out in angelic all-white ensemble to support mental health awareness month in LA Angelic in a white suit  Nicole Murphy shows off curvaceous figure in maxi dress while dropping her pampered pups before shopping with mom Shopping with her mum 'She's head over heels': Katie Holmes 'is tired of hiding romance' with Jamie Foxx as it's revealed duo are 'very serious' after rendezvous in Paris 'We're all doing great': Cheryl breaks her silence on motherhood and jokes about baby son Bear PEEING on her as she returns to social media Keeping her close! Protective Ruby Rose places an arm around girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as the besotted pair stroll together in Los Angeles Liv Tyler puts on sophisticated display in elegant lace top and black tuxedo jacket as she supports pal Kate Moss at launch of her new jewellery range Getting the chop! Elsa Pataky debuts her new micro bob as she pouts for the camera in fun selfie Elsa Pataky debuted her new micro bob That's something to smile about! Yahya Abdul-Mateen beams as he gets driven to the set of superhero film Aquaman in a limo Driven to work She's a real page turner! Ashley Graham displays hourglass figure in black cutout dress at New York book signing Showed confidence Justice served, twice! Victoria brings her sister Madison to Pirates Of The Caribbean celebration in Beverly Hills Four years her senior 'They've been inseparable': Joanna Krupa is 'feeling things out' with restaurateur Nico Santucci... just weeks after split with Romain Zago STEPHEN GLOVER: Yes, they're in love but this oh-so lavish wedding won't endear Pippa to the public - or help the Royals  Love's Young Dream Love can't wait! Joy-Anna Duggar and fiance Austin Forsyth move wedding to this weekend instead of original October date Summer ready! Reese Witherspoon is pretty in patterned red, white and blue skirt... after talking the future of Big Little Lies She's booty-ful! Wild haired Sofia Vergara shows off her incredible figure in tight jeans for shopping outing Enjoyed some retail therapy with a friend hirley Ballas is spotted for the first time since being announced as the new head judge on Strictly as she cheers on her dancer son Mark in LA stage show Ex On The Beach star Jess Impiazzi puts on a VERY eye-popping display in low-cut scarlet gown as she makes titillating arrival at Guide Dogs Awards 'I want to inspire people and find a solution': Chris Hemsworth announces his new environmental role to protect the ocean from plastic Quick pick me up! Vanessa Hudgens looks cute in a crop top and military boots as she grabs coffee in West Hollywood Tori Spelling, 44, works on shedding post-baby weight in birthday workout with Tae Bo fitness guru Billy A series of lightning-quick attacks Even her backpack is expensive! Khloe Kardashian models $2k Louis Vuitton book bag after loved-up visit to beau Tristan Thompson A bump in The Hills: Pregnant Whitney Port goes comfortable in denim jacket and leggings as she takes stroll through Beverly Hills She won't go under the knife! Katie Holmes 'refuses to give in to Hollywood plastic surgery pressure' as 40th birthday creeps up Holly Willough-BUM-by! Television presenter shows off her very pert derriere in a very sexy pair of skinny jeans as she leaves restaurant She's got it all Will it rain on Pippa's big day? Bride-to-be visits church with mother Carole as forecasters warn of weekend downpours (while James squeezes in some shoe shopping) Somber Rosario Dawson emerges for the first time since 'finding cousin Vaneza, 26, dead in her LA home' She's doing it Wright! Busty Kate accentuates her assets in form fitting white top and fitted skirt as she steps out following sunshine break in Italy 'As far as I know, she hasn't said yes': Zac Efron denies he is dating stunning Baywatch co-star Alexandra Daddario after THAT 'kiss' photo They play love interests Is THIS what Pippa's £40,000 'classic with a progressive twist' wedding dress by Ann Summers designer Giles Deacon will look like? 'A sex scene is too easy!' Elsa Pataky says she was 'comfortable' doing takes in the bedroom with real-life husband Chris Hemsworth for their film 'We were a family' Growing Pains stars reunite to remember Alan Thicke five months after his death 'Mini-vacation!' Eva Longoria and third husband Jose Baston celebrating wedding anniversary in France Cara Delevingne covers up her freshly-shaved head with pink and white wig as she continues to film Life In A Year in Canada Emily Ratajkowski dares to bare as she poses TOPLESS in ornate jewels ahead of Cannes Film Festival opening gala Oh my!  Sweet treat! Bethenny Frankel and daughter Bryn cool down with a post-school popsicle as they walk home in the sunshine  EXCLUSIVE - 'I sat crying for 10 minutes': Lisa Vanderpump celebrates China's decision to ban dog meat at annual Yulin Festival Time to ditch the military look, Arnie? Schwarzenegger, 69, harks back to his action hero days in camouflage jacket as he steps out in LA Spicey cracks a smile! Melissa McCarthy grins as New Yorkers cheer her on in outtakes from her latest Sean Spicer SNL skit 'My heart is shattered... I'm in shock': Aaron and Nick Carter in mourning over father's sudden death at 65 Those workouts are paying off! Miley Cyrus flashes toned midriff with mom Tish by her side as she 'takes over' NBC this week Back to the office! Sun-kissed Ricky Martin returns to American Crime Story set after a fun day working on his tan at Miami Beach Running Pretty Wild! Julia Roberts and Bear Grylls team up to deliver life-saving vaccines to children in remote African village for Red Nose Day Michelle Williams looks effortlessly stylish in striped smock dress as she arrives in Nice for Cannes Film Festival No bra, no shirt, no worries! Karrueche Tran wears only a jacket for Turner Upfronts in NYC... as she prepares to testify against Chris Brown That was quick! Penelope Cruz swiftly transforms into Donatella with blonde wig (and Spanx) on set of Gianni Versace biopic Did Gigi introduce Taylor to her new British boyfriend? Singer's best friend met middleclass boy from north London on a modelling shoot as he bid for fame in acting Spellbinding! Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy look like the perfect couple as they take in magician-illusionist Derren Brown's show in NYC 'He's doing much better': Johnny Depp 'is dating again' following messy divorce from Amber Heard and financial woes Val Kilmer claims prayer healed his oral cancer (despite also getting throat surgery to remove the tumor) Seeing double! Sofia Richie and her friend twin it up as they go undercover post-workout   'What's wrong with you!?' Jeffrey Tambor EMBARRASSES Ryan Seacrest after host awkwardly mistakes him for deceased actor from Ghost Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Inovio Moves Forward on Brain Cancer and Cancers Caused by HPV; Zika and Ebola Vaccines Also Advance May 18, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) Inovio Pharmaceuticals’ pipeline of vaccine and immunotherapeutic products is advancing steadily through the phases of development, with a host of milestones anticipated in 2017, including the start of a Phase 3 trial in cervical dysplasia and the initiation of trials with partners in brain cancer and cancers caused by human papillomavirus. In this interview with The Life Sciences Report, Inovio President and CEO, Dr. J. Joseph Kim, walks investors through the promising possibilities, and also provides updates on its vaccines for the Zika, MERS and Ebola viruses. The Life Sciences Report: At Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. (INO:NASDAQ), you are developing therapies in a variety of cancer and infectious disease indications. Is there a common thread that links the types of therapies you’re developing? Joseph Kim: We do have a common thread: It’s our DNA-based platform of product development. All of our products are designed with synthetic DNA sequences that encode for a particular antigen, whether that antigen is from a cancer or an infectious disease agent. We have designed T-cell and antibody-generating vaccines and immunotherapies that can jumpstart our patients’ own immune systems to fight off cancer cells or invading pathogens like viruses and bacteria. TLSR: Let’s get right into the different things Inovio is working on, starting with VGX-3100. You have plans for several trials in Phase 3 and Phase 2 with this compound. Can you describe what you’re looking at with this particular therapy? JK: VGX-3100 is a treatment for diseases caused by a human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. We have shown in our Phase 2b study of VGX-3100 in cervical dysplasia, or cervical precancer, that we can make these cervical precancers go away by boosting the patient’s own immune system. In addition to clearing the disease through this noninvasive immunotherapy, we have also shown that we clear the virus that caused the disease in the first place, which otherwise chronically stays in the cervix of the patient. At this moment, we are waiting for the FDA to give us a green light to start our Phase 3 clinical studies in the cervical dysplasia indication. We also have gotten the OK from the FDA to start applying VGX-3100 in treatment of a similar disease caused by the same viral infection, called vulvar neoplasia, or precancer of the vulva. We plan to start a Phase 2 clinical trial in this indication in 2017, and we look forward to seeing efficacy and safety data from this patient population as well. TLSR: It sounds like the study you’re doing in head-and-neck cancers with MedImmune (a subsidiary of AstraZeneca Plc [AZN:NYSE]) is also HPV-related. Is this a similar therapy? JK: Yes. MEDI0457, the product we licensed out to MedImmune in 2015, is built based on VGX-3100, with an added component, an interleukin-12 immune activator, that was also developed by Inovio. It is a very similar product. What we licensed out to MedImmune in our MEDI0457 deal involves the granting of these treatment areas involving HPV-caused cancers, such as head-and-neck, cervical and other anal and genital cancers. MedImmune is studying MEDI0457 in combination with its PD-L1 inhibitor in metastatic head-and-neck cancer patients first, but we expect it to expand into other cancer indications in coming months. TLSR: Is what you’re doing with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. (REGN:NASDAQ) in glioblastoma along the same lines—coupling your T-cell activation with a PD-1 inhibitor? JK: Yes, exactly. Our recently announced collaboration deal with Regeneron allows us to combine Regeneron’s PD-1 inhibitor with our new cancer therapy, INO-5401, which is composed of three of our top cancer antigens selected through extensive preclinical work, which allows us to generate high levels of killer T-cells in patients who, in this case, have been newly diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). We expect this combination trial to demonstrate a one-two punch, with the T-cell-generating capabilities of INO-5401 combined with Regeneron’s PD-1 inhibitor, which is designed to shut down the defensive mechanisms of these tumors. We’re very excited, and we look forward to getting patients enrolled for the study. TLSR: Can you give a timeline for that? JK: We just signed and announced this agreement. We expect the clinical study to be approved and to start enrolling GBM patients in H2/17. TLSR: One of the major obstacles in treating GBM is that you have to get across the blood-brain barrier. Do either of these compounds have the ability to cross that barrier? JK: In general, the blood-brain barrier presents a very complex situation. It really depends on the disease and the patient. We believe we will have T-cells and antibodies that can traverse through the barrier to impact the disease in a positive form. TLSR: In April, you released some positive preliminary results in the expanded Phase 1 study of your Ebola DNA vaccine. Could you give us an update on that vaccine, as well as your Zika vaccine and any of the other vaccines moving forward in the Inovio pipeline? JK: In February and again in April, we presented multiple infectious disease vaccine Phase 1 data that, put together, present a great demonstration of our product platform’s capabilities, as well as each vaccine’s ability to generate strong immune responses, respectively, in each of those indications. Let me go one by one. INO-4212 is a vaccine designed to prevent Ebola infection and disease. It’s funded with a $45 million ($45M) contract from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). We have presented on our first 200-subject study. In this evaluation, we reported that 170 out of 179 evaluable subjects demonstrated strong antibody responses, which is a measurement of how well the vaccine is working in these volunteers. That’s a 95% seroconversion rate, or a 95% immune response rate, in these subjects. We were very excited about this. We reported this most recently at the World Vaccine Congress in April. We also reported on a 40-person study with our Zika vaccine. Similar to what we reported for Ebola, we had all 39 of 39 evaluable subjects generate strong antibody responses as well. That’s a 100% seroconversion rate, or immune response rate, in this Zika vaccine Phase 1 study. Last but not least is our Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) vaccine study. It’s being conducted in 75 volunteers in the United States. Similar to our Ebola and Zika vaccines, consistently we saw over a 92% seroconversion rate. When you combine that with the T-cell responses, the response rate overall goes to almost 100%. What these studies demonstrate is the potency of the vaccine in each indication in a substantial number of subjects in each study. Collectively, the even more powerful message from these three studies is the level of consistent, robust immune response we see from three different vaccines against three different pathogens. We are able to generate high percentages of responders with strong antibody responses in these populations. TLSR: Can you anticipate when any of these would get FDA clearance and could be used in the field? JK: These things do depend, especially with MERS and Ebola, on what the outbreak conditions are and so on. But for the Ebola vaccine, we are planning to have a meeting with the FDA in H2/17 to map out a clearer path for getting this product approved through the FDA. MERS is following a similar path. For Zika, which is slightly different, we are designing a Phase 2 clinical study based on our successes from the Phase 1 study. All of these products could have an expedient approval path. We will certainly have a lot more information on the clarity of these paths in H2/17. TLSR: Would you provide an update on development of your PENNVAX vaccine? JK: PENNVAX is our HIV vaccine, which was initially designed and developed through a $25M contract from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in 2008. We received follow-on funding of $16M in support of our HIV program. PENNVAX-GP, the product itself, is undergoing a Phase 1 clinical study in 94 volunteers in the U.S., conducted by the HIV Vaccines Trials Network (HVTN), an organization funded through the NIH. The study was fully enrolled last year. We expect to have the first reporting of immune responses and safety for this vaccine later in May, at the HVTN Conference. TLSR: What milestones and catalysts do you foresee over the next few quarters that investors might be interested in watching for? JK: Let’s start with data reports. We started off the year with positive Phase 1 data from our Ebola, Zika and MERS clinical studies. We expect to have at least three more clinical data reports in 2017, starting with PENNVAX-GP for HIV. We also expect to report on a 60-patient prostate cancer therapy study at cancer conferences in 2017, and on a 90-patient Phase 1 study for our therapeutic vaccine for hepatitis B infection, an immunotherapy product named INO-1800. We are very excited about reporting on these three studies in 2017. We will cross additional milestones by starting four different clinical studies with efficacy endpoints built into them as our primary outlook. One is our Phase 3 study for cervical dysplasia. Second is the Phase 2 VGX-3100 treatment for vulvar neoplasia. Then there are two other cancer studies with a Phase 2 component built into them. This includes MEDI0457 in a metastatic head-and-neck cancer patient study, in combination with MedImmune’s checkpoint PD-L1 inhibitor. Last but not least is INO-5401 in combination with Regeneron’s 2810 PD-1 inhibitor in treating newly diagnosed GBM patients. Starting each of these studies represent meaningful milestones. TLSR: You have a pipeline that is pretty expansive. Can you talk about how Inovio manages so many programs—so many irons in the fire, if you will? JK: Inovio is no longer a small or early-stage biotech. I consider Inovio a midstage life sciences company with later-stage products in a very full product pipeline—one Phase 3 program, three Phase 2 programs, and multiple Phase 1s behind that. We have a very coordinated and extensive clinical product pipeline, in contrast to most of our peers in biotech. We’re more akin to bigger companies like Regeneron, when compared on the philosophy of developing multiple products through our platform. In terms of our focus, obviously we put the majority of our efforts in later-stage products. We also gain extensive funding through our partnerships and collaborations—through companies like MedImmune and Regeneron, as well as external funding from DARPA, NIH, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, just to mention a few. We are able to do a lot with the very dedicated group of individuals who come to work at Inovio every day, with the mantra that the patients are waiting for the new medicines we’re so much looking forward to bringing to the market. TLSR: Is there anything else you would like investors to know about Inovio? JK: Let me just add that our maturing into a larger biotech company is not just about the size of our market or the number of employees, but really the amount of data we have collected in all the clinical studies throughout our pipeline. We have dosed over 1,400 people in various clinical studies, 4,000 separate times, and shown a very strong safety profile, unmatched by any other novel therapy or vaccine platform out there. In terms of effectiveness, we’ve seen very robust and consistent immune responses in almost 1,000 of these patients, and counting. We at Inovio can be very proud of this collection of data, but they also give us a lot of confidence in terms of going into various targets, including glioblastoma, where we know we have a very safe product. We are hopeful that we, in combination with PD-1, can bring about important benefits to patients. We are very excited about where this company is going, and where our programs are going in the near future. TLSR: Thank you very much. Dr. J. Joseph Kim was appointed president and CEO of Inovio Pharmaceuticals in June 2009. Dr. Kim cofounded VGX Pharmaceuticals, a synthetic vaccine company, in 2000, to develop intellectual property related to immunotherapeutics licensed from the University of Pennsylvania. He led that company for nine years and acquired Inovio Biomedical in 2009 to form Inovio Pharmaceuticals. Previously, Dr. Kim was a senior vaccine developer at Merck & Co., where he successfully led efforts in manufacturing and process development for several FDA-approved products for hepatitis, and developmental vaccines and therapeutics for HIV/AIDS. Dr. Kim earned a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering and economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was a U.S. Senate Honors Scholar. He holds a Ph.D. in biochemical engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, and a master’s degree in business administration (finance) from the Wharton School. Dr. Kim has published more than 100 peer-reviewed scientific papers, holds numerous patents and sits on several editorial boards and review panels. Disclosure: 1) Tracy Salcedo conducted this interview for Streetwise Reports LLC and provides services to Streetwise Reports as an independent contractor. She owns, or her family owns, shares of the following companies mentioned in this interview: None. She is, or members of her immediate household or family are, paid by the following companies mentioned in this article: None. 2) Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a sponsor of Streetwise Reports. Streetwise Reports does not accept stock in exchange for its services. Click here for important disclaimers. The information provided above is for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security. 3) Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. had final approval of the content and is wholly responsible for the validity of the statements. Opinions expressed are the opinions of Joseph Kim and not of Streetwise Reports or its officers. 4) J. Joseph Kim: I was not paid by Streetwise Reports to participate in this interview. I had the opportunity to review the interview for accuracy as of the date of the interview and am responsible for the content of the interview. I or my family own shares of the following companies mentioned in this interview: Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. 5) Interviews are edited for clarity. Streetwise Reports does not make editorial comments or change experts’ statements without their consent. 6) This interview does not constitute investment advice. Each reader is encouraged to consult with his or her individual financial professional and any action a reader takes as a result of information presented here is his or her own responsibility. By opening this page, each reader accepts and agrees to Streetwise Reports’ terms of use and full legal disclaimer. This article is not a solicitation for investment. Streetwise Reports does not render general or specific investment advice and the information on Streetwise Reports should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any security. Streetwise Reports does not endorse or recommend the business, products, services or securities of any company mentioned on Streetwise Reports. 7) From time to time, Streetwise Reports LLC and its directors, officers, employees or members of their families, as well as persons interviewed for articles and interviews on the site, may have a long or short position in securities mentioned. Directors, officers, employees or members of their immediate families are prohibited from making purchases and/or sales of those securities in the open market or otherwise from the time of the interview or the decision to write an article, until one week after the publication of the interview or article. As of the date of this article, officers and/or employees of Streetwise Reports LLC (including members of their household) own shares of 3D Signatures Inc., a company mentioned in this article. More Info: This news is published on the Investorideas.com Newswire – a global digital news source for investors and business leaders Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp Additional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 – all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotech Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dannon Applauds McCarty Family Farms As It Becomes the First Dairy Farm to Receive All Available Validus Certifications Next PostNext FTC Obtains Court Order Requiring Owner of Precious Metals Investment Scam To Surrender Florida Home Bought With Ill-Gotten Gains Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Inovio Moves Forward on Brain Cancer and Cancers Caused by HPV; Zika and Ebola Vaccines Also Advance May 18, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) Inovio Pharmaceuticals’ pipeline of vaccine and immunotherapeutic products is advancing steadily through the phases of development, with a host of milestones anticipated in 2017, including the start of a Phase 3 trial in cervical dysplasia and the initiation of trials with partners in brain cancer and cancers caused by human papillomavirus. In this interview with The Life Sciences Report, Inovio President and CEO, Dr. J. Joseph Kim, walks investors through the promising possibilities, and also provides updates on its vaccines for the Zika, MERS and Ebola viruses. The Life Sciences Report: At Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. (INO:NASDAQ), you are developing therapies in a variety of cancer and infectious disease indications. Is there a common thread that links the types of therapies you’re developing? Joseph Kim: We do have a common thread: It’s our DNA-based platform of product development. All of our products are designed with synthetic DNA sequences that encode for a particular antigen, whether that antigen is from a cancer or an infectious disease agent. We have designed T-cell and antibody-generating vaccines and immunotherapies that can jumpstart our patients’ own immune systems to fight off cancer cells or invading pathogens like viruses and bacteria. TLSR: Let’s get right into the different things Inovio is working on, starting with VGX-3100. You have plans for several trials in Phase 3 and Phase 2 with this compound. Can you describe what you’re looking at with this particular therapy? JK: VGX-3100 is a treatment for diseases caused by a human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. We have shown in our Phase 2b study of VGX-3100 in cervical dysplasia, or cervical precancer, that we can make these cervical precancers go away by boosting the patient’s own immune system. In addition to clearing the disease through this noninvasive immunotherapy, we have also shown that we clear the virus that caused the disease in the first place, which otherwise chronically stays in the cervix of the patient. At this moment, we are waiting for the FDA to give us a green light to start our Phase 3 clinical studies in the cervical dysplasia indication. We also have gotten the OK from the FDA to start applying VGX-3100 in treatment of a similar disease caused by the same viral infection, called vulvar neoplasia, or precancer of the vulva. We plan to start a Phase 2 clinical trial in this indication in 2017, and we look forward to seeing efficacy and safety data from this patient population as well. TLSR: It sounds like the study you’re doing in head-and-neck cancers with MedImmune (a subsidiary of AstraZeneca Plc [AZN:NYSE]) is also HPV-related. Is this a similar therapy? JK: Yes. MEDI0457, the product we licensed out to MedImmune in 2015, is built based on VGX-3100, with an added component, an interleukin-12 immune activator, that was also developed by Inovio. It is a very similar product. What we licensed out to MedImmune in our MEDI0457 deal involves the granting of these treatment areas involving HPV-caused cancers, such as head-and-neck, cervical and other anal and genital cancers. MedImmune is studying MEDI0457 in combination with its PD-L1 inhibitor in metastatic head-and-neck cancer patients first, but we expect it to expand into other cancer indications in coming months. TLSR: Is what you’re doing with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. (REGN:NASDAQ) in glioblastoma along the same lines—coupling your T-cell activation with a PD-1 inhibitor? JK: Yes, exactly. Our recently announced collaboration deal with Regeneron allows us to combine Regeneron’s PD-1 inhibitor with our new cancer therapy, INO-5401, which is composed of three of our top cancer antigens selected through extensive preclinical work, which allows us to generate high levels of killer T-cells in patients who, in this case, have been newly diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). We expect this combination trial to demonstrate a one-two punch, with the T-cell-generating capabilities of INO-5401 combined with Regeneron’s PD-1 inhibitor, which is designed to shut down the defensive mechanisms of these tumors. We’re very excited, and we look forward to getting patients enrolled for the study. TLSR: Can you give a timeline for that? JK: We just signed and announced this agreement. We expect the clinical study to be approved and to start enrolling GBM patients in H2/17. TLSR: One of the major obstacles in treating GBM is that you have to get across the blood-brain barrier. Do either of these compounds have the ability to cross that barrier? JK: In general, the blood-brain barrier presents a very complex situation. It really depends on the disease and the patient. We believe we will have T-cells and antibodies that can traverse through the barrier to impact the disease in a positive form. TLSR: In April, you released some positive preliminary results in the expanded Phase 1 study of your Ebola DNA vaccine. Could you give us an update on that vaccine, as well as your Zika vaccine and any of the other vaccines moving forward in the Inovio pipeline? JK: In February and again in April, we presented multiple infectious disease vaccine Phase 1 data that, put together, present a great demonstration of our product platform’s capabilities, as well as each vaccine’s ability to generate strong immune responses, respectively, in each of those indications. Let me go one by one. INO-4212 is a vaccine designed to prevent Ebola infection and disease. It’s funded with a $45 million ($45M) contract from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). We have presented on our first 200-subject study. In this evaluation, we reported that 170 out of 179 evaluable subjects demonstrated strong antibody responses, which is a measurement of how well the vaccine is working in these volunteers. That’s a 95% seroconversion rate, or a 95% immune response rate, in these subjects. We were very excited about this. We reported this most recently at the World Vaccine Congress in April. We also reported on a 40-person study with our Zika vaccine. Similar to what we reported for Ebola, we had all 39 of 39 evaluable subjects generate strong antibody responses as well. That’s a 100% seroconversion rate, or immune response rate, in this Zika vaccine Phase 1 study. Last but not least is our Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) vaccine study. It’s being conducted in 75 volunteers in the United States. Similar to our Ebola and Zika vaccines, consistently we saw over a 92% seroconversion rate. When you combine that with the T-cell responses, the response rate overall goes to almost 100%. What these studies demonstrate is the potency of the vaccine in each indication in a substantial number of subjects in each study. Collectively, the even more powerful message from these three studies is the level of consistent, robust immune response we see from three different vaccines against three different pathogens. We are able to generate high percentages of responders with strong antibody responses in these populations. TLSR: Can you anticipate when any of these would get FDA clearance and could be used in the field? JK: These things do depend, especially with MERS and Ebola, on what the outbreak conditions are and so on. But for the Ebola vaccine, we are planning to have a meeting with the FDA in H2/17 to map out a clearer path for getting this product approved through the FDA. MERS is following a similar path. For Zika, which is slightly different, we are designing a Phase 2 clinical study based on our successes from the Phase 1 study. All of these products could have an expedient approval path. We will certainly have a lot more information on the clarity of these paths in H2/17. TLSR: Would you provide an update on development of your PENNVAX vaccine? JK: PENNVAX is our HIV vaccine, which was initially designed and developed through a $25M contract from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in 2008. We received follow-on funding of $16M in support of our HIV program. PENNVAX-GP, the product itself, is undergoing a Phase 1 clinical study in 94 volunteers in the U.S., conducted by the HIV Vaccines Trials Network (HVTN), an organization funded through the NIH. The study was fully enrolled last year. We expect to have the first reporting of immune responses and safety for this vaccine later in May, at the HVTN Conference. TLSR: What milestones and catalysts do you foresee over the next few quarters that investors might be interested in watching for? JK: Let’s start with data reports. We started off the year with positive Phase 1 data from our Ebola, Zika and MERS clinical studies. We expect to have at least three more clinical data reports in 2017, starting with PENNVAX-GP for HIV. We also expect to report on a 60-patient prostate cancer therapy study at cancer conferences in 2017, and on a 90-patient Phase 1 study for our therapeutic vaccine for hepatitis B infection, an immunotherapy product named INO-1800. We are very excited about reporting on these three studies in 2017. We will cross additional milestones by starting four different clinical studies with efficacy endpoints built into them as our primary outlook. One is our Phase 3 study for cervical dysplasia. Second is the Phase 2 VGX-3100 treatment for vulvar neoplasia. Then there are two other cancer studies with a Phase 2 component built into them. This includes MEDI0457 in a metastatic head-and-neck cancer patient study, in combination with MedImmune’s checkpoint PD-L1 inhibitor. Last but not least is INO-5401 in combination with Regeneron’s 2810 PD-1 inhibitor in treating newly diagnosed GBM patients. Starting each of these studies represent meaningful milestones. TLSR: You have a pipeline that is pretty expansive. Can you talk about how Inovio manages so many programs—so many irons in the fire, if you will? JK: Inovio is no longer a small or early-stage biotech. I consider Inovio a midstage life sciences company with later-stage products in a very full product pipeline—one Phase 3 program, three Phase 2 programs, and multiple Phase 1s behind that. We have a very coordinated and extensive clinical product pipeline, in contrast to most of our peers in biotech. We’re more akin to bigger companies like Regeneron, when compared on the philosophy of developing multiple products through our platform. In terms of our focus, obviously we put the majority of our efforts in later-stage products. We also gain extensive funding through our partnerships and collaborations—through companies like MedImmune and Regeneron, as well as external funding from DARPA, NIH, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, just to mention a few. We are able to do a lot with the very dedicated group of individuals who come to work at Inovio every day, with the mantra that the patients are waiting for the new medicines we’re so much looking forward to bringing to the market. TLSR: Is there anything else you would like investors to know about Inovio? JK: Let me just add that our maturing into a larger biotech company is not just about the size of our market or the number of employees, but really the amount of data we have collected in all the clinical studies throughout our pipeline. We have dosed over 1,400 people in various clinical studies, 4,000 separate times, and shown a very strong safety profile, unmatched by any other novel therapy or vaccine platform out there. In terms of effectiveness, we’ve seen very robust and consistent immune responses in almost 1,000 of these patients, and counting. We at Inovio can be very proud of this collection of data, but they also give us a lot of confidence in terms of going into various targets, including glioblastoma, where we know we have a very safe product. We are hopeful that we, in combination with PD-1, can bring about important benefits to patients. We are very excited about where this company is going, and where our programs are going in the near future. TLSR: Thank you very much. Dr. J. Joseph Kim was appointed president and CEO of Inovio Pharmaceuticals in June 2009. Dr. Kim cofounded VGX Pharmaceuticals, a synthetic vaccine company, in 2000, to develop intellectual property related to immunotherapeutics licensed from the University of Pennsylvania. He led that company for nine years and acquired Inovio Biomedical in 2009 to form Inovio Pharmaceuticals. Previously, Dr. Kim was a senior vaccine developer at Merck & Co., where he successfully led efforts in manufacturing and process development for several FDA-approved products for hepatitis, and developmental vaccines and therapeutics for HIV/AIDS. Dr. Kim earned a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering and economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was a U.S. Senate Honors Scholar. He holds a Ph.D. in biochemical engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, and a master’s degree in business administration (finance) from the Wharton School. Dr. Kim has published more than 100 peer-reviewed scientific papers, holds numerous patents and sits on several editorial boards and review panels. Disclosure: 1) Tracy Salcedo conducted this interview for Streetwise Reports LLC and provides services to Streetwise Reports as an independent contractor. She owns, or her family owns, shares of the following companies mentioned in this interview: None. She is, or members of her immediate household or family are, paid by the following companies mentioned in this article: None. 2) Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a sponsor of Streetwise Reports. Streetwise Reports does not accept stock in exchange for its services. Click here for important disclaimers. The information provided above is for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security. 3) Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. had final approval of the content and is wholly responsible for the validity of the statements. Opinions expressed are the opinions of Joseph Kim and not of Streetwise Reports or its officers. 4) J. Joseph Kim: I was not paid by Streetwise Reports to participate in this interview. I had the opportunity to review the interview for accuracy as of the date of the interview and am responsible for the content of the interview. I or my family own shares of the following companies mentioned in this interview: Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. 5) Interviews are edited for clarity. Streetwise Reports does not make editorial comments or change experts’ statements without their consent. 6) This interview does not constitute investment advice. Each reader is encouraged to consult with his or her individual financial professional and any action a reader takes as a result of information presented here is his or her own responsibility. By opening this page, each reader accepts and agrees to Streetwise Reports’ terms of use and full legal disclaimer. This article is not a solicitation for investment. Streetwise Reports does not render general or specific investment advice and the information on Streetwise Reports should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any security. Streetwise Reports does not endorse or recommend the business, products, services or securities of any company mentioned on Streetwise Reports. 7) From time to time, Streetwise Reports LLC and its directors, officers, employees or members of their families, as well as persons interviewed for articles and interviews on the site, may have a long or short position in securities mentioned. Directors, officers, employees or members of their immediate families are prohibited from making purchases and/or sales of those securities in the open market or otherwise from the time of the interview or the decision to write an article, until one week after the publication of the interview or article. As of the date of this article, officers and/or employees of Streetwise Reports LLC (including members of their household) own shares of 3D Signatures Inc., a company mentioned in this article. More Info: This news is published on the Investorideas.com Newswire – a global digital news source for investors and business leaders Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp Additional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 – all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotech Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dannon Applauds McCarty Family Farms As It Becomes the First Dairy Farm to Receive All Available Validus Certifications Next PostNext FTC Obtains Court Order Requiring Owner of Precious Metals Investment Scam To Surrender Florida Home Bought With Ill-Gotten Gains Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Inovio Moves Forward on Brain Cancer and Cancers Caused by HPV; Zika and Ebola Vaccines Also Advance May 18, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) Inovio Pharmaceuticals’ pipeline of vaccine and immunotherapeutic products is advancing steadily through the phases of development, with a host of milestones anticipated in 2017, including the start of a Phase 3 trial in cervical dysplasia and the initiation of trials with partners in brain cancer and cancers caused by human papillomavirus. In this interview with The Life Sciences Report, Inovio President and CEO, Dr. J. Joseph Kim, walks investors through the promising possibilities, and also provides updates on its vaccines for the Zika, MERS and Ebola viruses. The Life Sciences Report: At Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. (INO:NASDAQ), you are developing therapies in a variety of cancer and infectious disease indications. Is there a common thread that links the types of therapies you’re developing? Joseph Kim: We do have a common thread: It’s our DNA-based platform of product development. All of our products are designed with synthetic DNA sequences that encode for a particular antigen, whether that antigen is from a cancer or an infectious disease agent. We have designed T-cell and antibody-generating vaccines and immunotherapies that can jumpstart our patients’ own immune systems to fight off cancer cells or invading pathogens like viruses and bacteria. TLSR: Let’s get right into the different things Inovio is working on, starting with VGX-3100. You have plans for several trials in Phase 3 and Phase 2 with this compound. Can you describe what you’re looking at with this particular therapy? JK: VGX-3100 is a treatment for diseases caused by a human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. We have shown in our Phase 2b study of VGX-3100 in cervical dysplasia, or cervical precancer, that we can make these cervical precancers go away by boosting the patient’s own immune system. In addition to clearing the disease through this noninvasive immunotherapy, we have also shown that we clear the virus that caused the disease in the first place, which otherwise chronically stays in the cervix of the patient. At this moment, we are waiting for the FDA to give us a green light to start our Phase 3 clinical studies in the cervical dysplasia indication. We also have gotten the OK from the FDA to start applying VGX-3100 in treatment of a similar disease caused by the same viral infection, called vulvar neoplasia, or precancer of the vulva. We plan to start a Phase 2 clinical trial in this indication in 2017, and we look forward to seeing efficacy and safety data from this patient population as well. TLSR: It sounds like the study you’re doing in head-and-neck cancers with MedImmune (a subsidiary of AstraZeneca Plc [AZN:NYSE]) is also HPV-related. Is this a similar therapy? JK: Yes. MEDI0457, the product we licensed out to MedImmune in 2015, is built based on VGX-3100, with an added component, an interleukin-12 immune activator, that was also developed by Inovio. It is a very similar product. What we licensed out to MedImmune in our MEDI0457 deal involves the granting of these treatment areas involving HPV-caused cancers, such as head-and-neck, cervical and other anal and genital cancers. MedImmune is studying MEDI0457 in combination with its PD-L1 inhibitor in metastatic head-and-neck cancer patients first, but we expect it to expand into other cancer indications in coming months. TLSR: Is what you’re doing with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. (REGN:NASDAQ) in glioblastoma along the same lines—coupling your T-cell activation with a PD-1 inhibitor? JK: Yes, exactly. Our recently announced collaboration deal with Regeneron allows us to combine Regeneron’s PD-1 inhibitor with our new cancer therapy, INO-5401, which is composed of three of our top cancer antigens selected through extensive preclinical work, which allows us to generate high levels of killer T-cells in patients who, in this case, have been newly diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). We expect this combination trial to demonstrate a one-two punch, with the T-cell-generating capabilities of INO-5401 combined with Regeneron’s PD-1 inhibitor, which is designed to shut down the defensive mechanisms of these tumors. We’re very excited, and we look forward to getting patients enrolled for the study. TLSR: Can you give a timeline for that? JK: We just signed and announced this agreement. We expect the clinical study to be approved and to start enrolling GBM patients in H2/17. TLSR: One of the major obstacles in treating GBM is that you have to get across the blood-brain barrier. Do either of these compounds have the ability to cross that barrier? JK: In general, the blood-brain barrier presents a very complex situation. It really depends on the disease and the patient. We believe we will have T-cells and antibodies that can traverse through the barrier to impact the disease in a positive form. TLSR: In April, you released some positive preliminary results in the expanded Phase 1 study of your Ebola DNA vaccine. Could you give us an update on that vaccine, as well as your Zika vaccine and any of the other vaccines moving forward in the Inovio pipeline? JK: In February and again in April, we presented multiple infectious disease vaccine Phase 1 data that, put together, present a great demonstration of our product platform’s capabilities, as well as each vaccine’s ability to generate strong immune responses, respectively, in each of those indications. Let me go one by one. INO-4212 is a vaccine designed to prevent Ebola infection and disease. It’s funded with a $45 million ($45M) contract from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). We have presented on our first 200-subject study. In this evaluation, we reported that 170 out of 179 evaluable subjects demonstrated strong antibody responses, which is a measurement of how well the vaccine is working in these volunteers. That’s a 95% seroconversion rate, or a 95% immune response rate, in these subjects. We were very excited about this. We reported this most recently at the World Vaccine Congress in April. We also reported on a 40-person study with our Zika vaccine. Similar to what we reported for Ebola, we had all 39 of 39 evaluable subjects generate strong antibody responses as well. That’s a 100% seroconversion rate, or immune response rate, in this Zika vaccine Phase 1 study. Last but not least is our Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) vaccine study. It’s being conducted in 75 volunteers in the United States. Similar to our Ebola and Zika vaccines, consistently we saw over a 92% seroconversion rate. When you combine that with the T-cell responses, the response rate overall goes to almost 100%. What these studies demonstrate is the potency of the vaccine in each indication in a substantial number of subjects in each study. Collectively, the even more powerful message from these three studies is the level of consistent, robust immune response we see from three different vaccines against three different pathogens. We are able to generate high percentages of responders with strong antibody responses in these populations. TLSR: Can you anticipate when any of these would get FDA clearance and could be used in the field? JK: These things do depend, especially with MERS and Ebola, on what the outbreak conditions are and so on. But for the Ebola vaccine, we are planning to have a meeting with the FDA in H2/17 to map out a clearer path for getting this product approved through the FDA. MERS is following a similar path. For Zika, which is slightly different, we are designing a Phase 2 clinical study based on our successes from the Phase 1 study. All of these products could have an expedient approval path. We will certainly have a lot more information on the clarity of these paths in H2/17. TLSR: Would you provide an update on development of your PENNVAX vaccine? JK: PENNVAX is our HIV vaccine, which was initially designed and developed through a $25M contract from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in 2008. We received follow-on funding of $16M in support of our HIV program. PENNVAX-GP, the product itself, is undergoing a Phase 1 clinical study in 94 volunteers in the U.S., conducted by the HIV Vaccines Trials Network (HVTN), an organization funded through the NIH. The study was fully enrolled last year. We expect to have the first reporting of immune responses and safety for this vaccine later in May, at the HVTN Conference. TLSR: What milestones and catalysts do you foresee over the next few quarters that investors might be interested in watching for? JK: Let’s start with data reports. We started off the year with positive Phase 1 data from our Ebola, Zika and MERS clinical studies. We expect to have at least three more clinical data reports in 2017, starting with PENNVAX-GP for HIV. We also expect to report on a 60-patient prostate cancer therapy study at cancer conferences in 2017, and on a 90-patient Phase 1 study for our therapeutic vaccine for hepatitis B infection, an immunotherapy product named INO-1800. We are very excited about reporting on these three studies in 2017. We will cross additional milestones by starting four different clinical studies with efficacy endpoints built into them as our primary outlook. One is our Phase 3 study for cervical dysplasia. Second is the Phase 2 VGX-3100 treatment for vulvar neoplasia. Then there are two other cancer studies with a Phase 2 component built into them. This includes MEDI0457 in a metastatic head-and-neck cancer patient study, in combination with MedImmune’s checkpoint PD-L1 inhibitor. Last but not least is INO-5401 in combination with Regeneron’s 2810 PD-1 inhibitor in treating newly diagnosed GBM patients. Starting each of these studies represent meaningful milestones. TLSR: You have a pipeline that is pretty expansive. Can you talk about how Inovio manages so many programs—so many irons in the fire, if you will? JK: Inovio is no longer a small or early-stage biotech. I consider Inovio a midstage life sciences company with later-stage products in a very full product pipeline—one Phase 3 program, three Phase 2 programs, and multiple Phase 1s behind that. We have a very coordinated and extensive clinical product pipeline, in contrast to most of our peers in biotech. We’re more akin to bigger companies like Regeneron, when compared on the philosophy of developing multiple products through our platform. In terms of our focus, obviously we put the majority of our efforts in later-stage products. We also gain extensive funding through our partnerships and collaborations—through companies like MedImmune and Regeneron, as well as external funding from DARPA, NIH, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, just to mention a few. We are able to do a lot with the very dedicated group of individuals who come to work at Inovio every day, with the mantra that the patients are waiting for the new medicines we’re so much looking forward to bringing to the market. TLSR: Is there anything else you would like investors to know about Inovio? JK: Let me just add that our maturing into a larger biotech company is not just about the size of our market or the number of employees, but really the amount of data we have collected in all the clinical studies throughout our pipeline. We have dosed over 1,400 people in various clinical studies, 4,000 separate times, and shown a very strong safety profile, unmatched by any other novel therapy or vaccine platform out there. In terms of effectiveness, we’ve seen very robust and consistent immune responses in almost 1,000 of these patients, and counting. We at Inovio can be very proud of this collection of data, but they also give us a lot of confidence in terms of going into various targets, including glioblastoma, where we know we have a very safe product. We are hopeful that we, in combination with PD-1, can bring about important benefits to patients. We are very excited about where this company is going, and where our programs are going in the near future. TLSR: Thank you very much. Dr. J. Joseph Kim was appointed president and CEO of Inovio Pharmaceuticals in June 2009. Dr. Kim cofounded VGX Pharmaceuticals, a synthetic vaccine company, in 2000, to develop intellectual property related to immunotherapeutics licensed from the University of Pennsylvania. He led that company for nine years and acquired Inovio Biomedical in 2009 to form Inovio Pharmaceuticals. Previously, Dr. Kim was a senior vaccine developer at Merck & Co., where he successfully led efforts in manufacturing and process development for several FDA-approved products for hepatitis, and developmental vaccines and therapeutics for HIV/AIDS. Dr. Kim earned a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering and economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he was a U.S. Senate Honors Scholar. He holds a Ph.D. in biochemical engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, and a master’s degree in business administration (finance) from the Wharton School. Dr. Kim has published more than 100 peer-reviewed scientific papers, holds numerous patents and sits on several editorial boards and review panels. Disclosure: 1) Tracy Salcedo conducted this interview for Streetwise Reports LLC and provides services to Streetwise Reports as an independent contractor. She owns, or her family owns, shares of the following companies mentioned in this interview: None. She is, or members of her immediate household or family are, paid by the following companies mentioned in this article: None. 2) Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a sponsor of Streetwise Reports. Streetwise Reports does not accept stock in exchange for its services. Click here for important disclaimers. The information provided above is for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security. 3) Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. had final approval of the content and is wholly responsible for the validity of the statements. Opinions expressed are the opinions of Joseph Kim and not of Streetwise Reports or its officers. 4) J. Joseph Kim: I was not paid by Streetwise Reports to participate in this interview. I had the opportunity to review the interview for accuracy as of the date of the interview and am responsible for the content of the interview. I or my family own shares of the following companies mentioned in this interview: Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. 5) Interviews are edited for clarity. Streetwise Reports does not make editorial comments or change experts’ statements without their consent. 6) This interview does not constitute investment advice. Each reader is encouraged to consult with his or her individual financial professional and any action a reader takes as a result of information presented here is his or her own responsibility. By opening this page, each reader accepts and agrees to Streetwise Reports’ terms of use and full legal disclaimer. This article is not a solicitation for investment. Streetwise Reports does not render general or specific investment advice and the information on Streetwise Reports should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any security. Streetwise Reports does not endorse or recommend the business, products, services or securities of any company mentioned on Streetwise Reports. 7) From time to time, Streetwise Reports LLC and its directors, officers, employees or members of their families, as well as persons interviewed for articles and interviews on the site, may have a long or short position in securities mentioned. Directors, officers, employees or members of their immediate families are prohibited from making purchases and/or sales of those securities in the open market or otherwise from the time of the interview or the decision to write an article, until one week after the publication of the interview or article. As of the date of this article, officers and/or employees of Streetwise Reports LLC (including members of their household) own shares of 3D Signatures Inc., a company mentioned in this article. More Info: This news is published on the Investorideas.com Newswire – a global digital news source for investors and business leaders Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp Additional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 – all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotech Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dannon Applauds McCarty Family Farms As It Becomes the First Dairy Farm to Receive All Available Validus Certifications Next PostNext FTC Obtains Court Order Requiring Owner of Precious Metals Investment Scam To Surrender Florida Home Bought With Ill-Gotten Gains Search Recent Posts Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Interventional Radiology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Health CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Health Rate My Hospital Photo Galleries Ebola outbreak in remote Congo presents huge challenge, WHO says Immediate priority to trace about 400 recorded contacts of suspected and confirmed cases Thomson Reuters Posted: May 18, 2017 11:52 AM ET Last Updated: May 18, 2017 11:52 AM ET A vegetable seller holds a Congolese Ministry of Health's information leaflet on Ebola virus in 2014. This latest Ebola outbreak is the country's eighth. ( Junior D. Kannah/AFP/Getty) Related Stories 3 people are dead, at least 9 suspected cases of Ebola in Congo WHO chief praises Guineans for help with Ebola vaccine 2nd Ebola vaccine proven effective, leaving world better prepared for next outbreak An Ebola outbreak affecting up to 20 people in an extremely remote area in the Congo presents a high risk at a national level, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Thursday.   In an update on an outbreak that officials believe began in late April, the United Nations health agency said there were two confirmed and 18 suspected cases of Ebola infection.   Three people have died among the suspected and confirmed cases, including a 39-year-old man thought to be the first, or so-called "index" case.   Peter Salama, the WHO's executive director for health emergencies, said the agency's risk assessment on the outbreak was that it is high at a national level, medium at African regional level and low at global level.   However, he added: "We cannot underestimate the logistic and practical challenges associated with this response in a very remote and insecure part of the country. 3 people are dead, at least 9 suspected cases of Ebola in Congo Ebola vaccine success in Guinea praised by WHO chief "As of now, we do not know the full extent of the outbreak, and as we deploy teams over the next few weeks, we will begin to understand … exactly what we're dealing with," Salama told reporters on a telephone briefing.   He said the immediate priority would be to trace the around 400 recorded contacts of the suspected and confirmed cases.   This latest Ebola outbreak is eighth in Congo, also known as Congo-Kinshasa, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola.   The WHO said the outbreak is centred in the Likati Health Zone in the remote province of Bas-Uele in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic.   Salama described the area, which is around 1,400 kilometres from the capital Kinshasa, as isolated and hard-to-reach, with virtually no functioning telecommunications and few paved roads.   Asked about the potential for using an experimental vaccine, Salama said the logistics were "complex" but that the WHO was working with Congo's government and regulatory authorities. 'Phenomenal news': Large clinical trial confirms Ebola vaccine is highly effective The vaccine, known as rVSV-ZEBOV, developed by the Canadian government and now Merck, is not yet licensed. It was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published last December.   To use the vaccine, Salama said the WHO would need a fully-approved protocol signed off by regulators, the government and ethics committees, as well as the logistics in place to gain informed consent from all those offered it and to transport and store it at the required minus 80 degrees Celsius.   "In an area without telecommunications, without road access, without large-scale electrification, this is going to be an enormous challenge," he said.   "But we are committed to working with … partner agencies to implement a vaccination campaign if the [Congo] government gives us a green light."   The three deaths so far are the "index" case — the man who fell sick and sought medical care on April 22 — a motorcycle rider who took him to hospital, and another person who cared for him en route.  © Thomson Reuters, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines 'Pollution isn't free': Catherine McKenna makes her case for pricing carbon Russia warns Canada over 'blatantly unfriendly' Magnitsky Act Kevin Pillar's homophobic slur leaves LGBT Jays fans 'stunned' and 'disappointed' Photo of 'naive' hikers worries North Shore Rescue 'No, no, next question': Trump denies collusion with Russia after special counsel named read comments video Latest Health News Headlines Federal health minister orders independent review of opioid guidelines after conflict-of-interest controversy Heart failure symptoms traced to unusual source audio Homeopathic remedies in legal hot water in U.S. but face scant Canadian pushback Bill to make it easier to create supervised drug-consumption sites becomes law Ebola outbreak in remote Congo presents huge challenge, WHO says Features THE POWER OF DANCE Dancing towards the light: Nunavut youth use music to keep suicide at bay Nunavut has highest suicide rate in Canada Most Viewed Heart failure symptoms traced to unusual source Federal health minister orders independent review of opioid guidelines after conflict-of-interest controversy Homeopathic remedies in legal hot water in U.S. but face scant Canadian pushback Ebola outbreak in remote Congo presents huge challenge, WHO says 'Poor man's methadone': Imodium is a potentially fatal high Why Canada is wasting millions on useless knee surgeries Coroner says South Carolina teenager died after drinking several high-caffeine drinks Do we still need 3 square meals a day or is all-day breakfast the new normal? Tool or toy? Why fidget toys may be hurting as many kids as they help Cystic fibrosis patients living 10 years longer in Canada than U.S. Don't Miss 'Get outside and embrace the cold:' Gestational diabetes linked to warmer temperatures PAIN Heart attack risks from common painkillers may start early, study finds Tool or toy? Why fidget toys may be hurting as many kids as they help Antibiotics Patients with colds get inappropriate antibiotics in nearly half of visits to doctors, study suggests Breakfast trends Do we still need 3 square meals a day or is all-day breakfast the new normal? Digital psychiatry 'Wild West' mental health apps offer both gold and 'digital snake oil' Condoms 'Stealthing' could be considered assault say experts about secret removal of condom during sex Addiction treatment Opioid addicts turn to psychedelic plants to treat withdrawal, but doctors warn of risks Prematurity Scientists successfully grow lambs in artificial womb, offering hope for preemies Storytelling 'It's made a difference': How word clouds offer solace to family members as a loved one dies Food outbreaks Why food recalls may seem more frequent 1,300 Canadians have died with medical assistance since legalization — here's one man's story CBC Investigates Private health or public risk? How Alberta helped a foundation offer citizens 'experimental' care Childbirth 'Be calm': How to deliver a baby coming quickly any time, anyplace OPIOID ADDICTION 'Such courage': How one First Nation is fighting opioid addiction Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Home Italia Economia Politica Esteri Spettacoli Personaggi Sport Salute Altro Libero Shopping Libero TV Libero Edicola METEO Pubblica Fullscreen Cerca newsletter Carrello Svuota Vai alla cassa Home Italia Economia Politica Esteri Spettacoli Personaggi Sport Salute Altro Home / Comunicati Immediapress comunicati Stainwei Granted US Patent for anti-VEGF Monoclonal Antibody and its anti-PD-1 mAb demonstrating prolonged anti-tumor activity in pre-clinical studies 18 Maggio 2017 0 - A phase I clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of hPV19 in cancer patients is ongoing in China. According to the data released by the company, hPV19 has a unique antigen recognition site (epitope), composed of amino acid sequences different from other commercially available antibodies targeting the same antigen. In both in-vitro and in-vivo experiments, hPV19 showed a 6-8 times higher biological activity than Avastin (generic name: bevacizumab, Roche/Genentech's anti-VEGF mAb, the world's first and so far still the only FDA-approved anti-VEGF mAb drug on the market). "In pre-clinical animal studies and early stage clinical trials in cancer patients, hPV19 has also demonstrated an excellent safety and tolerance profile," said Dr. Qunmin Zhou, the company's co-founder. "We are excited to test its efficacy in the ongoing clinical trials. We are also excited to hopefully bring to the market a unique, non-biosimilar, and stronger therapeutic agent that can benefit our patients." Meanwhile, Stainwei has filed a PCT patent application for a new formulation of hPV19 mAb intended for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration (AMD), diabetic macular edema (DME) and other eye-disorders associated with VEGF-mediated vascular over-growth. Stainwei has completed preclinical experiments and an application for Investigational New Drug (IND) in AMD and DME will be submitted to China-FDA soon.  The company's another promising product is a novel anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody named hAb21 (humanized IgG4-kappa version). hAb21 binds to human PD-1 antigen at a unique site (epitope), which is different from that of Keytruda (Merck) and Opdivo (Bristol-Myers Squibb). hAb21 has shown a remarkable anti-tumor activity in human PD-1 gene knock-in mouse models.  As illustrated in the above figure, syngenic MC38 tumors implanted in the PD-1 gene knock-in mice were completely rejected within 7-10 days without re-growth thereafter in all 6 mice in the group treated with hAb21. Furthermore, repeated MC38 tumor inoculation was performed to those mice on day 30, and tumors were again completely rejected within 10-14 days without further hAb21 treatment. All 6 mice survived to day 60 and received MC38 inoculation for the third time (experiment on-going). In the same knock-in mice treated with Keytruda (pembrolizumab), complete tumor rejection was observed in only 1 out of 6 mice, while initial tumor regression followed by re-growth after the completion of Keytruda treatment were found in the other 5 mice, which all died of tumor progression. Based on these encouraging results, Stainwei has filed a patent application for hAb21, and is currently carrying out IND-enabling studies. An IND indication for advanced solid tumors is expected to be submitted to China-FDA and US-FDA in the second-half of 2017. About Stainwei Biotech, Inc. Stainwei (www.stainwei.cn) was founded in May 2007 at Suzhou-Biobay, China. It currently has more than 10 monoclonal antibodies in the pipeline, targeting either well-known antigens such as VEGF, PD-1/PD-L1, PD-1H (VISTA), CTLA-4, SOST or other potential targets not to be disclosed at this time. Since its inception, Stainwei has received VC-funding of more than 100 million RMB from a number of institutions, which include Cowin Venture (Suzhou), Xiangtang Venture (Suzhou), Fortune-link (Shanghai) and Comway Capital (An-hui). Its therapeutic antibody program has also been supported by research grants from the Chinese government, Jiangsu province, Suzhou municipal city and Singapore-China Suzhou Industrial Park (SIP-Suzhou).  Contact:BD@stainwei.cn or zhoujim@stainwei.cn Photo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/506687/Stainwei.jpgLogo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/507373/Stainwei_Logo.jpg   Condividi le tue opinioni su Libero Quotidiano Testo Caratteri rimanenti: 400 I video standard Arrestato il conducente che ha travolto la folla a Times Square   Guardate bene questo gatto, è mostruoso: mai visto al mondo uno così   Lo vedete? Salvini lo massacra in diretta. E lui impazzisce   La raccolta differenziata? Lei la fa nel fiume: la nonnina horror   i più letti standard Fatima, la terrificante profezia nascosta. Socci: ecco quando scoppia la 3° guerra mondiale   "Appena entrato in bagno..."  Schettino, il suo dramma  dopo due giorni di carcere   Il Papa e il 3° segreto di Fatima Quell'inquietante profezia dell'ultima veggente   sondaggi Fedeli e Lorenzin ancora ai ferri corti sui vaccini: con chi state? Vota subito! Celle dentro gli stadi. Voi siete d'accordo? Vota subito! media standard Bella Hadid, agguato lesbo alla Ratajkowski: strizzata sullo yacht   Il video che fa svenire gli animalisti: spolverano l'auto usando il cane   Ecco la furia distruttiva del tornado, vista in time-lapse   "Volete vederle?". Fuori tutto: Ratajkowski, seno nudo in primo piano   Belen, quella mossa da morire: il lato B mai visto prima   Hayden travolto: poche ore prima quella maledetta foto   Boschi con l'abitino, clamoroso Lamberto Dini: dietro di lei...   Il sindaco: "Ho preso il negro e...". Caos in tv   Virginia Raffaele? Diventa Melania Trump: che sex appeal!   Valeria Marini, festa "bollente" per i suoi cinquant'anni...   Bianca Balti, super provocante. Il filmato ad alto tasso erotico...   Cristina Buccino bomba sexy, ecco lo shooting in lingerie...   Le incredibili immagini dagli abissi: ecco la danza delle mante   Guai a farlo arrabbiare... Il toro si ribella, per il cowboy finisce così   Il gattino è cieco ma quando gioca sembra vederci benissimo...    Sfoglia l'edizione Acquista l'edizione IL TUO QUOTIDIANO DOVE E QUANDO VUOI Note informative Contatti Pubblicità Credits Libero TV Libero Shopping Libero Edicola Editoriale Libero S.r.l. - Sede Legale: Viale Luigi Majno 42, 20129 Milano - Registro Imprese di Milano: C.F. e P.IVA 06823221004 - R.E.A.  Milano n. 1690166 Cap. Soc. € 400.000,00 i.v. - Tutti i diritti riservati - ISSN (sito web): 2531-6370
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Vaccine may cut HPV infections, an oral cancer risk, in men By Associated Press Published: 10:35 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 10:35 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail The HPV vaccine that helps prevent cervical cancer in women also might lower the risk in young men of oral infections that can cause mouth and throat cancers, a new study finds. These cancers are rising fast, especially in men, and research suggests that HPV, the human papillomavirus, is spreading through oral sex. The actor Michael Douglas brought attention to this risk several years ago when he blamed his cancer on it. This is the first study of whether the vaccine might prevent oral HPV infections in young men, and the results suggest it can. No men who had received at least one dose were later found to have infections of HPV strains linked to cancer, but more than 2 percent of unvaccinated men had them. Tom Jackson, 65, of Houston, shows where he first noticed a tumor related to his HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013. Jackson spoke from his home on Wednesday, May 17, 2017. He said doctors told him the cancer could haven taken away his voice. (AP Photo/ John L. Mone) "There may be additional benefits to vaccinating your son or daughter" besides the problems the vaccine already is known to prevent, said Dr. Maura Gillison of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. Results were released Wednesday by the American Society of Clinical Oncology ahead of presentation at its annual meeting next month. THE VIRUS HPV is very common - most sexually active people have been exposed to it. Some types cause genital warts. Usually, the virus causes no symptoms and goes away, but some people develop long-lasting infections of strains that can cause cancer. The vaccine was approved in 2006 to prevent cervical cancers in women, and later, for some others including anal cancer in men. But acceptance has been slow - only about half of those eligible are getting it now, according to the latest information. Now, awareness is growing of HPV's other risks - oral infections are blamed for 70 percent of cancers in the mouth and back of the throat. About 11,600 of these occur each year in the U.S. and rates are rising 5 percent per year. They're four times more common in men than women. There are now more mouth and throat cancers caused by HPV in the U.S. each year than there are cervical cancers. Oral sex is the main risk factor for getting an HPV infection in the mouth or throat, Gillison said. While "oral sex does not give you cancer," the infection in rare cases can develop into cancer over many years, she explained. THE STUDY She led the study, funded by the National Cancer Institute , while previously at Ohio State University. Researchers interviewed 2,627 men and women ages 18 to 33 years in a national health study from 2011 to 2014 about whether they had been vaccinated, and tested oral rinse samples from them for HPV. Infections with worrisome HPV strains were found in far fewer people who had received any shots - an 88 percent lower risk. The results in men were striking - no infections in the vaccinated group versus 2.13 percent of the others. The study was observational, so it can't prove the vaccine was responsible. But it may no longer be ethical to do an experiment where one group gets no vaccine, because its benefits for preventing other cancers is known. It might be possible to do such a study in people over 26, the age limit now for HPV vaccination, Gillison said. If a benefit were shown, it might lead to expanding the group for whom the vaccine is recommended. The bottom line is that the vaccine helps, and "so few people who should be getting it are," said Dr. Richard Schilsky, chief medical officer of the oncology society who had no role in the study. WHAT PATIENTS SAY Scott Courville wishes it existed when he was young. The 43-year-old construction inspector from St. Martinville, Louisiana, was treated last year for HPV-related tonsil cancer that spread to lymph nodes. "I went through 33 rounds of radiation and six rounds of chemotherapy," lost 100 pounds, and now has damaged taste buds and sinuses, and constant ringing in his ears, he said. His three teenaged sons and stepsons are getting the vaccine. "There was no question at all" that they would, only how soon, he said. Tom Jackson also had an HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013, and works to fight stigma over an infection that is largely sexually spread. As a school board trustee in Houston, "I believe strongly that all children should receive all vaccinations," Jackson said. "The horror of HPV cancer is tremendous," and not to be "whitewashed" by squeamishness or reluctance to discuss prevention, he said. THE VACCINES The vaccines are recommended mostly for young people, ideally before they're exposed to HPV. Merck's Gardasil is approved in the U.S. for females 9 through 26 to prevent cervical, vulvar, vaginal and anal cancers and genital warts. For males ages 9 through 26, it's approved for preventing anal cancer and genital warts. A newer version of Gardasil that includes more HPV virus types is approved for males 9 through 15. GlaxoSmithKline's Cervarix vaccine is approved for females 9 through 25 to prevent cervical cancer. All require two or three shots, depending on age. Other ways to help prevent oral HPV infections are limiting the number of sex partners and not smoking. Condoms or dental dams may help. Signs and symptoms of mouth and throat cancers may include a long-lasting sore throat, earaches, hoarseness, enlarged lymph nodes and pain when swallowing. ___ Marilynn Marchione can be followed on Twitter: @MMarchioneAP Tom Jackson, 65, of Houston, talks about contracting and surviving HPV-related tonsil cancer, on Wednesday, May 17, 2017. Jackson says he's fighting the stigma associated with that cancer he found four years ago. (AP Photo/John L. Mone) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme 'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour' Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip while filming in Santorini Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer's character Mick Carter punch Lee Ryan's Woody in the face after catching him in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Nation on brink of an energy revolution Chinese cruise market sees boom Spending on ads to climb 7.8% Alibaba’s quarterly profit doubles Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Senior care seminar kicks off Night at the museum Herb garden opens free of charge today Shanghai Disney receives 10m visitors Lingang to have carbon college Film festival jurors announced Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Liaoning duo walks out Italian Cup triumph puts Juventus on track for treble Real sets its sights on rare double Monaco in bid to keep Mbappe Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Dialogue of body and dance — by numbers Free incubators save lives of Indonesian babies As temperatures rise, be food safe As temperatures rise, be food safe Soak up Iberian wine, and a taste of history Cooking the books: making dreams come true Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Building soft power of social sciences A peaceful road to prosperity How false faith in mathematical equations misleads us from finding economic truth New energy, the economy, and the environment Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   You gotta love our teeming city Give with humility: it’s about what you do at the end of day, not what you ‘sacrificed’ Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News The sweet notes of sitar Prison rehab scheme helps convicts, dogs 10,000 phone calls for a 40-seat restaurant Italian brewer wooing diners away from their wine ‘Alien: Covenant’ returns to terrifying rootswith There are aliens out there says director Ridley Scott Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Xi calls for China-ROK relations to return to normal track China publicizes fake journalist cases Senior care seminar kicks off Night at the museum Herb garden opens free of charge today Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 What Does The Strong Q1 Growth Mean For China? 中国一季度经济强势增长意味着什么？ View more » Photo Sets Auto Shanghai 2017 Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday View more » Home » World Tackling Ebola outbreak in remote Congo presents huge challenge: WHO Source: Agencies | 21:20 UTC+8 May 18, 2017 | Online Edition AN Ebola outbreak affecting up to 20 people in an extremely remote area in the Democratic Republic of Congo presents a high risk at a national level, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Thursday. In an update on an outbreak that officials believe began in late April, the United Nations health agency said there were two confirmed and 18 suspected cases of Ebola infection. Three people have died among the suspected and confirmed cases, including a 39-year-old man thought to be the first, or so-called "index" case. Peter Salama, the WHO's executive director for health emergencies, said the agency's risk assessment on the outbreak was that it is high at a national level, medium at African regional level and low at global level. However, he added: "We cannot underestimate the logistic and practical challenges associated with this response in a very remote and insecure part of the country. "As of now, we do not know the full extent of the outbreak, and as we deploy teams over the next few weeks, we will begin to understand... exactly what we're dealing with," Salama told reporters on a telephone briefing. He said the immediate priority would be to trace the around 400 recorded contacts of the suspected and confirmed cases. This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. The WHO said the outbreak is centred in the Likati Health Zone in the remote province of Bas-Uele in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. Salama described the area, which is around 1400 kilometres from the capital Kinshasa, as isolated and hard-to-reach, with virtually no functioning telecommunications and few paved roads. Asked about the potential for using an experimental vaccine, Salama said the logistics were "complex" but that the WHO was working with Congo's government and regulatory authorities. The vaccine, known as rVSV-ZEBOV and developed by Merck , is not yet licensed but was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published last December. To use the vaccine, Salama said the WHO would need a fully-approved protocol signed off by regulators, the government and ethics committees, as well as the logistics in place to gain informed consent from all those offered it and to transport and store it at the required minus 80 degrees Celsius. "In an area without telecommunications, without road access, without large-scale electrification, this is going to be an enormous challenge," he said. "But we are committed to working with... partner agencies to implement a vaccination campaign if the (Congo) government gives us a green light." The three deaths so far are the "index" case - the man who fell sick and sought medical care on April 22 - a motorcycle rider who took him to hospital, and another person who cared for him en route.  World <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Nations agree on South China Sea “Horrible” Family Photo Goes Viral Kid Survives Almost Drowning: 72 Seconds in Pool Nation on brink of an energy revolution Man Fails To Drown Himself In River As It Was Too Shallow China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea Angry Shanghai Auntie Scolds Man for Spitting on Subway A Silk Road open to the world Nasty Night in a Restaurant Leaves Sour Taste For All WeChat publishes report on foreign users' behavior Woman Tricked Into Pouring Coke Into ATMs To Get Cash Truth behind Misleading Photos at Starbucks One highly suspect piece of baggage Lovers, Locked In Embrace In The Middle Of The Road, Hit By Drunk Driver China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Xi calls for China-ROK relations to return to normal track China publicizes fake journalist cases Senior care seminar kicks off Night at the museum Herb garden opens free of charge today View more » Latest World News Car rams Times Square pedestrians, kills one, injures others Prime minister rejects Mayism in favor of ‘good solid Conservatism’ 1 dead in Times Square incident Trump lashes out at ‘greatest witch hunt in history’ Candy Crush maker banned from gathering staff ethnic data Grunge rock icon Chris Cornell dies in possible suicide View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search Tackling Ebola outbreak in remote Congo presents huge challenge - WHO by Reuters Thursday, 18 May 2017 11:04 GMT In this 2007 archive photo medical workers in protective clothings work in the Ebola isolation zone at a makeshift health clinic run by the medical charity Doctors Without Borders at the village of Kampungu, near Kananga in western Kasai province in south-central Democratic Republic of Congo, some 700 km (435 miles) east of the capital Kinshasa. REUTERS/MSF/Frederic Patigny/Handout About our Humanitarian coverage From major disaster, conflicts and under-reported stories, we shine a light on the world’s humanitarian hotspots Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular Kenya's parched farmers stop ploughing - but harvest more food and jobs World turns blind eye to Libya slave trade: photographer Mother sues Backpage.com over slain daughter she says was sold for sex Insurance know-how can help cities cut disaster risk: U.N. expert Choked by traffic, Bangkok revs up to beat air pollution Ebola outbreak includes 18 suspected, 2 confirmed cases centred in extremely remote northeastern province * Ebola outbreak includes 18 suspected, 2 confirmed cases * Cases centred in extremely remote northeastern province * Risk is high nationally, but low globally, WHO says * Logistics of controlling outbreak highly complex  By Kate Kelland, Health and Science Correspondent LONDON, May 18 (Reuters) - An Ebola outbreak affecting up to 20 people in an extremely remote area in the Democratic Republic of Congo presents a high risk at a national level, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Thursday. In an update on an outbreak that officials believe began in late April, the United Nations health agency said there were two confirmed and 18 suspected cases of Ebola infection. Three people have died among the suspected and confirmed cases, including a 39-year-old man thought to be the first, or so-called "index" case. Peter Salama, the WHO's executive director for health emergencies, said the agency's risk assessment on the outbreak was that it is high at a national level, medium at African regional level and low at global level. However, he added: "We cannot underestimate the logistic and practical challenges associated with this response in a very remote and insecure part of the country. "As of now, we do not know the full extent of the outbreak, and as we deploy teams over the next few weeks, we will begin to understand... exactly what we're dealing with," Salama told reporters on a telephone briefing. He said the immediate priority would be to trace the around 400 recorded contacts of the suspected and confirmed cases. This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. The WHO said the outbreak is centred in the Likati Health Zone in the remote province of Bas-Uele in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. Salama described the area, which is around 1400 kilometres from the capital Kinshasa, as isolated and hard-to-reach, with virtually no functioning telecommunications and few paved roads. Asked about the potential for using an experimental vaccine, Salama said the logistics were "complex" but that the WHO was working with Congo's government and regulatory authorities. The vaccine, known as rVSV-ZEBOV and developed by Merck , is not yet licensed but was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published last December. To use the vaccine, Salama said the WHO would need a fully-approved protocol signed off by regulators, the government and ethics committees, as well as the logistics in place to gain informed consent from all those offered it and to transport and store it at the required minus 80 degrees Celsius. "In an area without telecommunications, without road access, without large-scale electrification, this is going to be an enormous challenge," he said. "But we are committed to working with... partner agencies to implement a vaccination campaign if the (Congo) government gives us a green light." The three deaths so far are the "index" case - the man who fell sick and sought medical care on April 22 - a motorcycle rider who took him to hospital, and another person who cared for him en route. (Editing by Pritha Sarkar) Themes Health and Disease Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE Humanitarian NEWS U.S. pledges $526 million aid in 2017 to Tanzania to fight AIDS Original FACTBOX-Air pollution: Why and how it kills More than half of world's deaths still have no recorded cause -WHO Cholera death toll in Yemen reaches at least 180 - Red Cross About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Smart bangle delivers pregnancy tips to Asian wrists Former sex slave whose charity helped other survivors dies in U.S. Amman to work with young people, refugees for a smarter future Record number of solo migrant children, U.N. sees slavery risk Attack on Yemen's port would push country nearer famine - U.N. British pledges on slave trade "disappointing" - charities INTERVIEW-Trans rights are new focus for Europe as violence persists - campaigner Ban India's instant Islamic divorces but also teach women their rights, says lawyer Deadly flash floods set to worsen poverty and hunger in Kenya, experts say Reversing climate change with carbon-sucking plantations not realistic, scientists warn Join Us
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider Early movers: WMT, BWLD, BABA, HIBB, PERY, PLCE & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack 19 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Wal-Mart – The retail giant reported quarterly profit of $1 per share, beating estimates by 4 cents. Revenue was slightly below forecasts, but comparable store sales did match the Street's outlook by rising 1.3 percent. Buffalo Wild Wings – Marcato Capital Management increased its stake in the restaurant chain to 9.9 percent from 6.1 percent, according to an SEC filing. Alibaba – The China-based e-commerce giant missed on the bottom line, although it beat on the top line. It also announced a $6 billion stock buyback. Hibbett Sports – The sporting goods retailer beat estimates by one cent with quarterly profit of 97 cents per share, while revenue was slightly below forecasts. Comparable store sales fell 4.9 percent, but the company said trends improved during the final 2 months of the quarter. Perry Ellis – The apparel and accessories maker reported profit of 83 cents per share for its latest quarter, 10 cents above estimates, while revenue also beat forecasts. It also gave an upbeat outlook for the full year. Children's Place – The children's apparel retailer earned an adjusted $1.95 per share for the latest quarter, well above estimates of $1.64, while revenue and comparable store sales also exceeded estimates. Children's Place also increased its full-year outlook. The Buckle – The accessories retailer reported quarterly profit of 34 cents per share, 1 cent above estimates, with revenue also above forecasts. Same-store sales did fall 10.1 percent, but that was smaller than the 12.2 percent drop that analysts were anticipating. Cisco Systems – Cisco reported quarterly profit of 60 cents per share, 2 cents above estimates. The networking equipment maker's revenue also beat forecasts, but it gave a weaker than expected current quarter outlook and announced 1,100 new job cuts. L Brands – L Brands beat estimates by 4 cents with quarterly earnings of 33 cents per share, while the Victoria's Secret parent reported revenue in line with Street forecasts. L Brands also raised its 2017 full-year guidance. Ascena Retail – The parent of Ann Taylor, Loft, and other apparel brands gave weaker than expected current quarter and full year 2017 guidance. Ascena said it no longer expects to see customer traffic stabilize and that market conditions are likely to remain challenging for the next 12 to 24 months. Halliburton – Halliburton named President Jeff Miller as its new chief executive officer, effective June 1. Current CEO Dave Lesar will remain as executive chairman. Both executives are long-time Halliburton employees – Lesar joined the oilfield services company in 1993, Miller in 1997. Deutsche Bank - Chairman Paul Achleitner told the bank's annual meeting that he expects former board members to pay substantial sums for past misconduct. Deutsche Bank had settled with the US for $7.2 billion over issues related to financial crisis-era mortgage bonds. General Motors – GM will stop selling vehicles in India and will sell its South African operations. The automaker will take a $500 million second-quarter charge related to the move. The move is part of GM's effort to focus on fewer, more profitable markets. Fiat Chrysler – The company will be the target of a Justice Department lawsuit over excess diesel emissions, according to reports, if no agreement is reached. The EPA accused the automaker earlier this year of using software to allow more than the legally allowed amount of emissions in about 104,000 vehicles. The company said such a move would be counterproductive to current talks, and that if litigation occurs, it will defend itself vigorously. Boeing – Boeing's unfair trade claims against Canadian competitor Bombardier will be investigated by the Commerce Department. Boeing claims that Bombardier's CSeries jets are being dumped below cost into the US market. BHP – BHP chief executive officer Andrew Mackenzie met with activist investor Elliott Management, in talks that Elliott is characterizing as "constructive". Elliott is pressuring the mining company for a variety of strategic changes. Merck – Merck's immunotherapy drug Keytruda lengthened survival in advanced bladder cancer patients by three months, according to trial results that the drug maker plans to present at next month's ASCO meeting. Intelsat - Softbank-backed OneWeb raised its bid for the satellite services operator, by cutting the discount that it is offering Intelsat's bond holders. The initial proposal had seen bond holders taking a $3.6 billion hit on the debt they hold. Pandora – Pandora shares are higher following a New York Post report that SiriusXM is in active talks about a bid for the online radio company. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PERY --- HIBB --- BABA --- BWLD --- WMT --- PANDORA --- I --- FCA --- GM --- BA --- BKE --- MRK --- BHP --- DBK --- SIRI --- HAL --- LB --- CSCO --- PLCE --- ASNA ---
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News Health News Tackling Ebola outbreak in remote Congo presents huge challenge - WHO Shares1 Thu, 18 May 2017-04:48pm , Reuters By Kate Kelland LONDON, May 18 (Reuters - An Ebola outbreak affecting up to 20 people in an extremely remote area in the Democratic Republic of Congo presents a high risk at a national level, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Thursday. In an update on an outbreak that officials believe began in late April, the United Nations health agency said there were two confirmed and 18 suspected cases of Ebola infection. Three people have died among the suspected and confirmed cases, including a 39-year-old man thought to be the first, or so-called "index" case. Peter Salama, the WHO's executive director for health emergencies, said the agency's risk assessment on the outbreak was that it is high at a national level, medium at African regional level and low at global level. However, he added: "We cannot underestimate the logistic and practical challenges associated with this response in a very remote and insecure part of the country. "As of now, we do not know the full extent of the outbreak, and as we deploy teams over the next few weeks, we will begin to understand... exactly what we're dealing with," Salama told reporters on a telephone briefing. He said the immediate priority would be to trace the around 400 recorded contacts of the suspected and confirmed cases. This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. The WHO said the outbreak is centred in the Likati Health Zone in the remote province of Bas-Uele in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. Salama described the area, which is around 1400 kilometres from the capital Kinshasa, as isolated and hard-to-reach, with virtually no functioning telecommunications and few paved roads. Asked about the potential for using an experimental vaccine, Salama said the logistics were "complex" but that the WHO was working with Congo's government and regulatory authorities. The vaccine, known as rVSV-ZEBOV and developed by Merck, is not yet licensed but was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published last December. To use the vaccine, Salama said the WHO would need a fully-approved protocol signed off by regulators, the government and ethics committees, as well as the logistics in place to gain informed consent from all those offered it and to transport and store it at the required minus 80 degrees Celsius. "In an area without telecommunications, without road access, without large-scale electrification, this is going to be an enormous challenge," he said. "But we are committed to working with... partner agencies to implement a vaccination campaign if the (Congo) government gives us a green light." The three deaths so far are the "index" case - the man who fell sick and sought medical care on April 22 - a motorcycle rider who took him to hospital, and another person who cared for him en route. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health Shocking: US teenager dies after consuming excessive caffeine-laced drinks Health National Strategic Plan for TB elimination in 2 months: Dr Sunil Khaparde Health Mosquitoes don't wait for meetings: HC to govt on dengue Health Ebola survivors have a 'unique' retinal scar, says new study Health Exercises cannot enhance breast size: Pushkaraj S Shirke Health Kochi hosp performs Asia’s first bot-aided implant for Parkinson’s Live Cricket Score Ireland vs Bangladesh Fri, 19 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Related Strong policies, discussions needed to tackle depression:WHO 1 in 4 teens in India of 13-15 age group have depression: WHO No women's Zika vaccine likely before 2020: WHO Video EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence View all Tags World Health Organization Central African Republic Kinshasa London Reuters United Nations Democratic Republic of Congo Peter Salama Kate Kelland Merck SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Maha police to train cops in 'emotional intelligence' WB: Villagers lynch 6 on suspicion of child lifting Homoeopathy, Indian medicinal systems playing key role in Round 3 of allegations by Kapil Mishra, claims AAP received money through 'hawala network' NGT bans open defecation, waste dumping on Yamuna floodplains Sport Soccer-China will not rush into World Cup bid, says Zhang Rome Masters: Rohan Bopanna, Pablo Cuevas survive gruelling challenge to reach quarters Fourth defeat in a row for Indian women hockey team Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, May 19 Premier League: Harry Kane nets four against Leicester to get ahead in race for Golden Boot Entertainment '102 Not Out' FIRST LOOK out: Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor's old avatars are too adorable to miss! Katrina teams up with 'Tiger' and 'Thug' in new picture Shruti Haasan too entered the festival yesterday, with grace, to unveil her film ?Sangamithra.? Shruti Haasan graces Cannes Film Festival with 'Sangamithra' WHOA! Indian remake of 'Rambo' on the way, Tiger Shroff to step in the shoes of Sylvester Stallone Money Supertech to expedite project completion with Rs. 1500 crore investment ANALYSIS-A decade after debt forgiveness, Africa still hooked on dollars Crude oil futures up 0.75 pc on positive global cues Heavy bikes, yachts, private jets to attract 31 pc GST Hikma lowers FY revenue forecast on U.S. drug launch delay Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Antifungal Drugs Market | Outlook Analysis Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases The new research report on Antifungal Drugs Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2022. The report on global antifungal drugs market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2015-2022. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). The major market drivers are increasing numbers of fungal infections and Rising awareness. The market growth might be restricted due Resistance to antifungal drugs under the study period. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-13525 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Abbott Laboratories, Astellas Pharma Inc., Bayer Healthcare, Enzon Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd, ID Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, Merck & Co. Inc., Novartis, Pfizer Inc. and Sanofi-Aventis. Geographically, the Antifungal Drugs market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. The report classifies the market into different segments based on drug type and indication. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Major Table Of Contents: Introduction Executive Summary Market Analysis Antifungal Drugs Market Analysis By Drug Type Antifungal Drugs Market Analysis By Indication Antifungal Drugs Market Analysis By Geography Competitive Landscape Of The Antifungal Drugs Companies Company Profiles Of The Antifungal Drugs Industry Purchase Complete Global Antifungal Drugs Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-13525 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAntifungal Drugs, Antifungal Drugs Industry, Antifungal Drugs Industry Outlook, Antifungal Drugs Industry Report, Antifungal Drugs Market Analysis, Antifungal Drugs Market Growth, Antifungal Drugs Market Report, Antifungal Drugs Market Share, Antifungal Drugs Market Size, Antifungal Drugs Market:, Global Antifungal Drugs Market Report, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Major research funders and international NGOs to implement WHO standards on reporting clinical trial results Next PostNext 2017 Sputter Coating Market Application: Flat Panel Display, Solar Panel, Architectural Glass, Semiconductors Search Recent Posts Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Interventional Radiology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Friday 19 May Friday 19 May Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Editorial #Vanguardtraffic Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » News » Ebola outbreak ‘high risk’ for Congo, WHO says Ebola outbreak ‘high risk’ for Congo, WHO says On May 18, 201712:36 pmIn News by adekunleComments Johannesburg – The Ebola outbreak in Congo represents a “high risk” for the country, the World Health Organisation said Thursday. Passengers being screened for Ebola yesterday on arrival at The Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos. “As of now we don’t know the full extent of the outbreak,” WHO health emergencies programme director Peter Salama said at a press conference in Geneva. So far two cases have been confirmed, at least 18 others are suspected and three people have died in north-eastern Bas-Uele province. The campaign against the virus is expected to cost 10 million dollars over the next six months, according to WHO. The priority to is to find more than 400 people who were in contact with the confirmed or suspected Ebola sufferers, Salama said. An Ebola treatment centre has been set up in the region and a mobile clinic is due to follow. The Central African country has suffered seven previous outbreaks of Ebola since the virus was discovered there in 1976. The last outbreak, in 2014, left 49 people dead. The haemorrhagic fever has been most detrimental in West Africa, where it claimed more than 11,000 lives in 2014-15. The WHO declared Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, the three countries that had been most effected by the epidemic, free of Ebola in 2016. And on May 12, WHO said that the GAVI global vaccine alliance has some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck and could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak. The vaccine, known as “rVSV-ZEBOV”, was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published in December 2016. A spokesperson for the WHO told Reuters on Friday that a person in the Democratic Republic of Congo had died after becoming infected with Ebola, a contagious virus that causes hemorrhagic fever. On DEc. 23, 201, an experimental Ebola vaccine was highly protective against the deadly virus in a major trial in Guinea, according to results published in The Lancet. The vaccine is the first to prevent infection from one of the most lethal known pathogens, and the findings add weight to early trial results published in 2016 adekunle View all posts by adekunle → Previous Post NSCDC nabs candidate with gun at JAMB centre in Nasarawa state Next Post FG says freed girl not one of Chibok abductees Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 5:04 amRep assures over budget performance 5:04 amUnderdevelopment: CAN blames lack of leadership training 4:58 amOpera to invest $100m in Africa’s digital economy, $30m in Nigeria 4:48 amS-South women congratulate Lagos at 50 4:48 amInvolve communities in project planning, execution, Okowa urges NDDC 4:47 amSenate probes alleged lopsided recruitment in DSS 4:40 amAnambra 2017: I will give the people the best — Ezeemo 4:33 amAjimobi, wife celebrate media aide, Yomi Layinka, at 60 4:28 amNNL announces N200m partnership with Bet9ja 4:28 amIheanacho ignites war among European clubs 4:25 amReps summon CBN gov, Magu, others over N12bn virtual currency scheme 4:25 amAir Force immortalises fighter pilots killed in Mali battle 4:24 amAisha Buhari lays foundation for 50-bed clinic in Daura 4:24 amBishop Onaiyekan bags Ahmadiyya Int’l Peace Award 4:22 amSIFAX boss wants scanning service concession 4:22 amGeneral Electric to assemble gas turbines in Nigeria 4:10 amOne dead, 17 rescued, scores trapped as building collapses in Lagos View All Sponsored #SaveForIt: Let Access Bank Help You Save For Today and Take Tomorrow Dreams become reality when intentions turn into actions; a profound statement which resonates strongly in the hearts of... Solution to cure any eye problem and restore your eyesight to see CLEARLY and BETTER AGAIN without eyeglasses and eye drops. Tackling Malaria Scourge through Preventive Interventions Gain A Medical Masters Degree from Scotland’s Top University. Editorial FESC and its Rivers sector commander THE recent maltreatment meted out to some female personnel of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Port Harcourt, by... Managing information about President Buhari’s health Cartoons Cartoon: Mr & Mrs Most Commented The Ringing of coup bells and cause for deep concern by Fani-Kayode134 Buhari’ll sign 2017 Budget, Osinbajo'll take it from there - Ita Enang438 Wike's excellent performance has justified his election, says Jonathan102 Group berate Junaid Mohammed over presidency comment85 Coup: Nigerians will defend their own democracy - APC15 My family not from Benin, says Musiliu Obanikoro286 Nnamdi Kanu lauds MASSOB leadership for consistency in the struggle12 Trending We won’t allow ‘non-democratic’ system in Nigeria, UK warns The British High Commission to Nigeria, Mr. Paul Arkwright has said that United Kingdom will not permit any other politi... My family not from Benin, says Musiliu Obanikoro Ijaw are aborigines of Edo, not Bini —IPDI Breaking: Ambode permanently bans VIO from Lagos roads Stop flooding Aso Rock because Buhari won’t appoint any Igbo man SGF – Amaku Columns Who will save us from the African Big Man? To look to the family for values to help us disable the big man, revamp our systems and build strong institutions, we mu... The sphinx of violence Home truths Why nepotism is the worst form of corruption Videos Video: Bus driver handcuffed to Police Van [View the story “Bus driver handcuffed to Police Van” on Storify] Video: Seriake Dickson decry six wasted years of Ijaw mandate Video: Woman gives birth aboard BRT in Lagos E-editions People & Politics Why nepotism is the worst form of corruption Nepotism is a huge monster that lays the eggs which hatch into so many types of corruption Read More Muhammed Adamu on Thursday IBB: The rich also wed Like a gathering of giraffes, they tend always to attract too many tall egos, that end up neck-sizing as they compete fo... Read More The Hub Behold, another stale budget The National Assembly must wake up to its responsibilities. At best, the budget rollover to which they subject us annual... Read More Owei Lakemfa The sphinx of violence I have read about fears by some Africans that Trump might have revealed secrets to the Russians and I am amused; if he d... Read More Sweet and Sour Home truths I don’t see why he should be handled with protective kiddie gloves by those who are disappointed in him and feel that he... Read More Converstion with Azu Who will save us from the African Big Man? To look to the family for values to help us disable the big man, revamp our systems and build strong institutions, we mu... Read More Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Tackling Ebola outbreak in remote Congo presents huge challenge - WHO By Reuters Published: 07:08 EDT, 18 May 2017 | Updated: 07:08 EDT, 18 May 2017 e-mail By Kate Kelland, Health and Science Correspondent LONDON, May 18 (Reuters) - An Ebola outbreak affecting up to 20 people in an extremely remote area in the Democratic Republic of Congo presents a high risk at a national level, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Thursday. In an update on an outbreak that officials believe began in late April, the United Nations health agency said there were two confirmed and 18 suspected cases of Ebola infection. Three people have died among the suspected and confirmed cases, including a 39-year-old man thought to be the first, or so-called "index" case. Peter Salama, the WHO's executive director for health emergencies, said the agency's risk assessment on the outbreak was that it is high at a national level, medium at African regional level and low at global level. However, he added: "We cannot underestimate the logistic and practical challenges associated with this response in a very remote and insecure part of the country. "As of now, we do not know the full extent of the outbreak, and as we deploy teams over the next few weeks, we will begin to understand... exactly what we're dealing with," Salama told reporters on a telephone briefing. He said the immediate priority would be to trace the around 400 recorded contacts of the suspected and confirmed cases. This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. The WHO said the outbreak is centred in the Likati Health Zone in the remote province of Bas-Uele in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic. Salama described the area, which is around 1400 kilometres from the capital Kinshasa, as isolated and hard-to-reach, with virtually no functioning telecommunications and few paved roads. Asked about the potential for using an experimental vaccine, Salama said the logistics were "complex" but that the WHO was working with Congo's government and regulatory authorities. The vaccine, known as rVSV-ZEBOV and developed by Merck , is not yet licensed but was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published last December. To use the vaccine, Salama said the WHO would need a fully-approved protocol signed off by regulators, the government and ethics committees, as well as the logistics in place to gain informed consent from all those offered it and to transport and store it at the required minus 80 degrees Celsius. "In an area without telecommunications, without road access, without large-scale electrification, this is going to be an enormous challenge," he said. "But we are committed to working with... partner agencies to implement a vaccination campaign if the (Congo) government gives us a green light." The three deaths so far are the "index" case - the man who fell sick and sought medical care on April 22 - a motorcycle rider who took him to hospital, and another person who cared for him en route. (Editing by Pritha Sarkar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday 'I tried to cling on': Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship... as he admits friends teased him for winking at her during X Factor audition EXCLUSIVE: 'TOWIE is draining:' Megan McKenna slams her 'bitter' and 'negative' co-stars as she sizzles in a plunging swimsuit in new shoot  'I still get my t*ts out': Anthea Turner, 56, admits she 'loves a s**g' as she insists there shouldn't be a stigma around sexually active older women 10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED 'My face says it all!' Gemma Atkinson looks delighted as she examines her VERY chiselled abs after embarking on 12 week fitness programme Beauties and the buzzcut: Cara Delevingne goes edgy in chic gown with sheared hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes She Ha-did it again! Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt EXCLUSIVE: 'I love you': How Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell warmly chatted to his fans outside sold-out show before committing suicide 'within an hour'  Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at Cannes premiere of Loveless  Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT steamy opening ceremony kiss His own Mysterious Girl! Bikini-clad Emily MacDonagh delights husband Peter Andre with a flash of her perky posterior as they enjoy a dip in Santorini Pregnant Ferne McCann displays a hint of bump in slinky gown as she returns to the red carpet at Pride Of The North East awards... in wake of ex's charges Can't keep my hands off you! Charlotte Crosby gets very steamy with boyfriend Stephen Bear as she steps out in orange frock for summer party 'It's scary': Harry Styles releases a teaser trailer for documentary on the making of his album as he gets a haircut and is suspended 50ft in the air Abbey Clancy puts on a leggy display in sparkly black mini dress during Britain's Next Top Model grand final Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble at Loveless premiere Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model and fiance of Rob Kardashian relaxed  It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Well protected In a black mood! Kate Bosworth and husband Michael Polish step out in matching dark ensembles in LA The couple that dresses together, stays together   Braless Petra Nemcová suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her lingerie in slashed gown as sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets at Cannes premiere  Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary Teenage waitress is crowned Britain's Next Top Model 2017 after battling it out with a steamy NUDE shoot in Cape Verde in the final task  Billie Faiers sizzles in TINY lace-up mini as she showcases astounding post-baby body at glitzy In The Style summer party... two months after giving birth Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead exhibits her growing baby bump in form-fitting black evening dress as she attends In The Style summer party Vogue Williams flaunts her bronzed figure in racy thigh-high split floral dress at the In Style Summer Party... amid rumours she has been banned from Pippa's wedding Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC The 28-year-old star of The CW's Supergirl SPOILER ALERT: Shock EastEnders bust-up sees Danny Dyer and Lee Ryan in a punch up as Mick finds Woody in bed with his daughter-in-law Whitney Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamour in red jumpsuit at Jo Malone launch party Poldark star Eleanor Tomlinson flaunts her cleavage and tiny waist in figure hugging sheer florals at glam Jo Malone party Green sea goddess! Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as the character Mera while filming Aquaman Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's legendry dreadful King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Quite a lot of leg  Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Revealed a hint of her black underwear Soundgarden's Chris Cornell, 52, 'hanged himself' in a hotel bathroom hours after he ended his final gig with a performance of In My Time Of Dying This Irish stew would never pass muster down at the Queen Vic: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Posh pop crooner James Blunt sets sail from Ibiza with his lovely lady crew  Robin Wright goes braless in a slinky turquoise gown at the Loveless Cannes premiere... as she reveals shock at the pay gap with House of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sarah Lancashire and Martin Freeman stage a Labour comeback... and there are 20,000 tickets up for grabs   Here's to YOU, Mrs Robinson... Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive. As The Graduate turns 50, BRIAN VINER reveals its very racy secrets   Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The 42-year-old and the model, 25, called an end to their relationship Is that you Nicole? Actress Kidman is almost unrecognisable as she transforms into a punk-rock alien for new role in How To Talk To Girls At Parties  Busty Kimberley Garner shows off her edgy side in abs-flashing bralet with billowing maxi skirt as she leads the glamour at Cannes Magnum bash Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Loveless premiere at Cannes Film Festival  Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Taking the lunge! Love Island's Kady McDermott is put through her paces as she works on her slender physique during outdoor exercise session  Storm-ing Cannes! Tallia makes her red carpet debut at the annual film festival in stunning style as she flashes some skin in daring black lace halterneck gown EastEnders' Irish spin-off series had two problems - Shane Richie and Jessie Wallace. Tracking down a baby after 33 years proved easy in Kat and Alfie: Redwater, by Jim Shelley  Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, pictured, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Braless Chloe Khan teases a glimpse of her eye-popping assets and surgically enhanced derriere in a sheer gold dress at raucous yacht party in Ibiza Take a consonant and a WOW-el! Countdown's Rachel Riley sizzles in plunging senorita gown at Manchester United Player Of The Year Awards Pins for days! Daisy Lowe makes a very stylish arrival in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival in a flared striped suit and statement black choker Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Beauty and the best at Cannes: Emily Ratajkowski's Audrey Hepburn bangs and Adriana Lima's crimson lipstick top this week's hair and make-up looks Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami He has a ripped physique that drives his fans wild 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Back to reality! Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic Hawaiian holiday 'She felt absolutely mortified': Danniella Westbrook's friend claims the actress was the victim when she was kicked off a flight to Spain 'over an argument with a stag party' Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's £330,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus £40,000 worth of caviar donated by an anonymous Russian  Sure you're not wealthy? Lara Bingle continues lavish French vacation with fashion fittings and a trip to Cannes after claiming her and husband Sam Worthington aren't rich 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes make-up free as she steps out in semi-sheer lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home, built in 1885, was never a working windmill despite its name. Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts her curves on show as she poses alongside 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-inspired swimwear shoot Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  'I've been every size!': Jessica Simpson explains her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds the pavement during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Stars react to rocker Chris Cornell's sudden death at age 52 in Detroit hotel bathroom... but longtime close friend Brad Pitt has yet to comment Having a pitta fun! Emily MacDonagh wears white summer dress with sheer panelling to go souvenir shopping in Santorini with Peter Andre Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday 'I got all the revenge on all the high school boys that turned me down': Alexandra Daddario says new Baywatch gig boosted her confidence 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in jail for fraud A dream in tangerine: Lily-Rose Depp dazzles in a bright orange mini-dress as she puts on another stylish display while jetting out of Cannes Johnny Depp's daughter A sweet treat! Cara Delevingne channels Parisian chic as she flaunts her svelte legs in bardot dress and beret hat at Cannes photocall  She's arrived! Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy My, you've changed! Charlotte Crosby looks completely unrecognisable in a pre-surgery snap shared by Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie 'I haven't got a problem with nudity': Anna Friel discusses stripping off on screen... and says sometimes just showing 'a back or a leg can be sexy' EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Skepta takes home two gongs at the prestigious Ivor Novello Awards... following disappointment at the BRITs where he failed to pick up a prize 'After six months of training and denying myself donuts': Amber Heard shares photo from makeup chair as she begins filming Aquaman That windswept look! Dakota Fanning can't seem to get a grip on her long blonde locks as she battles strong gusts in NYC And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her The 24-year-old Grammy nominee was only 15 upon release She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted Glam squad to the rescue! Victoria Beckham shares funny photo from her pre-photoshoot pampering session as she continues Beijing trip 'I was loose!': Goldie Hawn admits she slept with Kurt Russell on the first date as she reveals it's the key to their long-lasting relationship Together for 34 years Basking in the sun: Adrien Brody and girlfriend Lara Lieto dress down for the day as they take a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a boat The breast of both worlds! Emily Ratajkowski dazzles in an elegant midi dress as she steps out in Cannes after wild night out with Bella Hadid  'It took way too long!' Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez, 32, says she's only just paid off her student loans 'I was told I was getting equal pay and I believed them': Robin Wright reflects on gender pay gap with House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown His Muse could be yours: Matt Bellamy lists Lake Como penthouse he shared with ex Kate Hudson for £1.5m... and George and Amal are neighbours Injury alert! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei twists ankle during DWTS practice with Val Chmerkovskiy ahead of finals Hello world: Chelsea Manning dons a v-neck dress and shows off her new pixie-cut in first photo since her release from prison 'Not a bad way to wake up!' Katherine Heigl enjoys blissful morning of kisses and giggles with baby Joshua It would be nude not to! Holly Willoughby wears pretty dress with floral embroidery and front split to film This Morning Slipped into another stunning dress  Christine Chic-ley: Stunning Irish presenter ditches glamour for laid-back ensemble as she leaves ITV studios Michelle Williams is resplendent in a form-fitting black gown as she joins effortlessly stylish co-star Julianne Moore for Wonderstruck premiere in Cannes Winnie Harlow displays her toned abs in saucy crop top and skintight gym leggings as she jets into Nice ahead of Cannes Film Festival  Feeling sporty 'It's a secret... they don't advertise it': Doctor Who sidekick Pearl Mackie reveals she had no idea she was auditioning for coveted role  By the end, I believed everything except the syrupy story in manipulative Wonderstruck, writes Brian Viner Pamela Anderson turns heads in a chic blue and white sun-dress as she walks her pet pooch through Paris Spending some time in France 'Sad, bewildered and wondering what the point is': Grieving Zoe Ball reveals her emotional turmoil... days after boyfriend Billy Yates is found hanged Singing during surgery? Harry Styles and James Corden burst into song at the worst moments possible during silly Late Late Show sketch 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Feeling a bit squiffy? Sophie Wessex is all giggles as she enjoys a tipple of local cider while visiting the Devon County Show in Exeter  Johnny Depp reveals he once 'hooked up' with a woman in the 'enclosed trunk of a car' as he returns to dating scene after Amber Heard split Braless Billie Faiers shows off her sensational post-baby body in a figure-hugging khaki dress just ten weeks after giving birth Sudden weight loss Pin-credible! Charlotte Crosby displays her enviable lean limbs in flirty floral print playsuit at fashion launch Ex-Geordie Shore star showed SS17 Ravishing redheads: Nicola Roberts takes the plunge in a daring jumpsuit while winner Florence Welch rocks red velvet at star-studded Ivor Novellos The Thorne in her side! Scott Disick's rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross 'showed up to the SAME restaurant' during his dinner date with teen Disney star Bella Gun show! Ryan Reynolds flaunts his bulging biceps on NYC stroll with second wife Blake Lively 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron Rochelle Humes displays her incredible figure in a floaty skirt as she shares her tips for post-pregnancy style on first TV appearance since baby's birth 'They're not dangling anymore!' Lisa Riley unveils perky new boob lift after HALVING her weight to 12 stone... as actress insists she's 'done with surgery'  Best foot forward! Naomi Watts flaunts trim figure in silken floral frock as she stops by The Today Show in New York... but almost loses one of her shoes Secret split! Avengers director Joss Whedon quietly separated from wife Kai five years ago as divorce papers finally surface Who needs politics! Karen Danczuk packs on the PDA with her Spanish toyboy boyfriend as she puts her failed bid to run for parliament behind her Feeling the heat! Ivanka Trump bares her legs in a pretty floral dress - as her Secret Service agents get into a fender bender outside her family's D.C. home 'She still inspires acts of bravery': Prince William pays tribute to mother Diana as he and Harry present inaugural awards established in her memory  Double D date! Paris Hilton shows off some dramatic cleavage as she and beau Chris Zylka enjoy dinner at a Hollywood hotspot Busty display Elegant Susan Sarandon, 70, covers up in a pretty patterned dress as she steps out in Cannes after turning heads in VERY racy low-cut gown  College graduate! Sharon Stone, 59, breaks down in tears at Women's Awards as she reveals Hillary Clinton inspired her to FINALLY get a diploma Shimmered in silver  Rita Ora high-fives a by-passer as she struts into Radio One in baggy denim dungarees and a giant black bow in her hair Another off-the-wall outfit Elle Fanning stuns in a quirky blue frock with eye-catching red heels as she steps out during the Cannes Film Festival Another bright and early start Michelle Williams displays her honed pins in a mini dress while co-star Julianne Moore is a delight in emerald green at Wonderstruck photocall in Cannes Jury service: Beaming Jessica Chastain wears all black ensemble and designer shades to leave her hotel ahead of judging duties at the Cannes Film Festival 'You have to enjoy the ride!' Joe Simpson orders $200K Mercedes to celebrate being cancer free Photographer underwent radiation treatment  EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden reveals her miscarriage drove her to become addicted to prescription drugs - which she mixed with CHAMPAGNE  Taylor Swift's hunky new man Joe Alwyn sets pulses racing as he enjoys steamy love-making scene with co-star Makenzie Leigh in one of his movies Khloe Kardashian's shirtless ex French Montana lets it all hang out as he enjoys beach date with bodacious swimsuit-clad beauty in Miami Sheer magic! Dutch Queen Maxima is radiant in a chic floral dress with a chiffon overlay as she joins King Willem-Alexander for event in The Hague Frost-free reception! Sadie puts on a united front with boyfriend Darren Strowger just days after sparking split speculation with VERY public row Not Jenny from the toilet block! Jennifer Lopez's security team 'shut down restroom for her to use alone' at star-studded gala   Abbey Clancy flaunts her impeccable abs in a leopard print co-ord as she offers advice to Britain's Next Top Model contestants in Cape Verde  Bella Hadid gropes voluptuous Emily Ratajkowski as they dance the night away at a yacht party on Cannes Film Festival's opening night Sending them into a spin! Kylie Jenner shows off her abs in a revealing sports bra and cycling shorts as she films new reality series in West Hollywood Final touch-ups! Workmen make last-minute improvements to St Mark's Church just 48 hours before Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' vows 'I can't wait to see another lady': Strictly Come Dancing's Tess Daly praises 'phenomenal' new head judge Shirley Ballas as she looks stylish in blue Working up a sweat! Jessica Wright shows off her flat stomach in a crop top and matching leggings as she powers through a workout in Dubai 'I date, but I'm really nervous around boys': Alexandra Daddario talks her love life after THAT kiss from Baywatch co-star Zac Efron 'You have to make sure the t**ties bounce correctly': Alexandra Daddario talks about recreating THAT Baywatch slow-motion run scene in the new film 'FINALLY starting to fall in love with myself again!' Gemma Collins reveals she's got her self-esteem back as she shows off slimmer frame in comparison 'Awks...': Susanna Reid cringes after Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini dodges question about ex-wife Cheryl during Good Morning Britain interview Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her baby bump in a skintight khaki dress as she leads the reality TV charge at fashion launch  Is she engaged? Model Jessica Gomes flashes huge ring on THAT finger at the InStyle Awards... after revealing things are 'serious' with Xavier Samuel Bobby Brown breaks down as Tyler Henry makes contact with ex-wife Whitney Houston and late daughter Bobbi Kristina on Hollywood Medium TOWIE's Chloe Lewis and Tallia Storm make a surprising arrival at Cannes Film Festival as they prepare to mingle with Hollywood's elite How did they get invited? 'She's my Winslet!' Ore Oduba gushes over wife Portia as he compares her to Titanic star during Cannes trip... days after cosy display with pal Laura Whitmore Painting the town Red(knapp)! Louise looks in high spirits as she enjoys solo night out in London... after denying marriage to Jamie is in trouble 'It lasts all day and night': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde reveals she's been tormented by debilitating morning sickness Love Island star  Kiss of life! Zac Efron greets female fans at Baywatch premiere in Sydney alongside Alexandra Daddario... after joking about romance rumours Some like it yacht! Chantelle Connelly puts on a busty display in skimpy pink bikini as she's joined by Katie Salmon and Helen Briggs for boat party 'Feeling a little fed up now': Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her blossoming bump in throwback snap as she admits she's finding her last trimester tough I can't feel my hands when I'm with you! Selena Gomez tries bondage and slips into silk negligee in sneak peek of new music video Bad Liar Boldly going where no man has gone before! Michelle Yeoh and Sonequa Martin-Green lead crew 'before Kirk and Spock' in Star Trek: Discovery Bella, Emily and Lily-Rose rule the red carpet as Cannes Film Festival gets off to a dazzling start... but there's ALREADY a wardrobe malfunction!  Susan Sarandon, 70, steals the spotlight from the young models as she flashes her assets in jaw-dropping velvet gown with a racy split at Cannes Opening Gala Master of Ceremonies Monica Bellucci puts on a steamy display with co-host Alex Lutz as she kicks off the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival in sweeping sheer dress Single Red Carpet Female! Emily Ratajkowski mimics Bella Hadid as she sports near-identical version of THAT Cannes slashed dress  Geri Horner, 44, sends Spice Girls fans into a spin as she recreates the iconic Wannabe staircase scene after 21 years Zig a zig ah Karrueche Tran displays her cleavage and shapely legs in a DEEPLY plunging yellow dress as she celebrates 29th birthday with rumoured beau Quavo A ray of sunshine! Naomi Watts shows off enviable figure in a pretty yellow floral sundress during busy day out in New York Hollywood sunshine Alan Thicke's widow reveals they were trying for a child before his death... after she refutes stepsons' claims she threatened them for bigger share of estate Dressed to Kill (Bill)! Uma Thurman, 47, shows off age-defying good looks in pink gown with racy slashed leg as she dazzles at Cannes Opening Gala  Hailey Baldwin oozes glamour in plunging deep purple gown as she arrives at 70th Cannes Film Festival Opening Gala Turning heads One Elle of a dress! Ms. Fanning looks sensational in  sweeping pink gown as she makes a bold entrance at the 70th annual Cannes opening ceremony PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Scott Disick, 33, and Bella Thorne, 19, look cosy as they hang out at tequila bar during night of partying Has he moved on again? Bellissima! Danielle Armstrong displays her sensational figure in a sizzling red bikini as she soaks up the Sicilian sunshine Red hot bikini picture Creating a buzz! Cara Delevingne ditches her pink wig and goes back to the freshly-shaved look as she arrives in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Sam and Billie Faiers are outshone by Paul and Nelly... as tantrums, a failed photoshoot and war over crisps leaves Mummy Diaries viewers in hysterics Making love by Wednesday? On-off couple Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell appear back together as they bicker over Craig David lyrics in cosy clip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Animal Parasiticides Market Analysis, Assessment, Risk Analysis and Forecast 2022 by Types, Technology, Methods, Products and Region OrbisResearch.com is a well-known market research reseller which have published a premium market research report “Animal Parasiticides -Global Market Outlook” to its database According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Animal Parasiticides market is accounted for $8.16 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $12.87 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.7%. Increasing awareness among people about zoonotic disease and rising adoption of pet animals largely across the globe has made a way for the global animal parasiticide market. With the rise in animal health expenditure, animal-derived food products and animal research along with growing research grants, the market is fueling up. However, preferential adoption of vegetarian diets, stringent approval process for animal Parasiticides and restriction on the use of Parasiticides in food-producing animals are restraining the market to a certain extent. Pour-on and Spot-on segment accounted for the largest market share attributing to its formulations in animal parascitides and growing popularity. The dominant market share is swallowed by Europe followed by North America, owing to increasing awareness about animal diseases, growing number of veterinary practitioners and their income levels, and rising demand for animal-derived food products. Moreover, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market owing to rise in livestock population and increasing pet adoption. Some of the key players of the Animal Parasiticides market include Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim, Ceva Sante Animale, Elanco, ELI Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Perrigo Company PLC, Sanofi, Vetoquinol S.A., Virbac SA and Zoetis, Inc.. Browse a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/animal-parasiticides-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Animal types Covered: Food-Producing Animals Cattle Fish Pigs Poultry Sheep and Goats Other Food-Producing Animals Companion Animals Dogs Cats Horses Other Companion Animals Disease causing organisms Covered: Endoparasiticides Heartworms Lungworms Gastrointestinal nematode Ectoparasiticides Fleas Mites Lice Product Types Covered: Endoparasiticides Products Oral Liquids Injectables Oral Solids Dosage Forms (Tablets, Pills, and Granules) Feed Additives Other Endoparasiticide Products Endectocides Products Ectoparasiticides Products Pour-on and Spot-on Sprays DIPS Ear Tags Collars Oral Tablets Other Ectoparasiticide Products  Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/184964 Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Buy a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/184964 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAnimal Parasiticides Market, Animal Parasiticides Market Share, Animal Parasiticides Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ECG Equipment Market Share, Growth, Region Wise Analysis of Top Players, Application, Driver, Existing Trends and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext Epizyme Announces Path Toward Tazemetostat Registration in Epithelioid Sarcoma and Reports New Clinical Data to be Presented at ASCO Search Recent Posts Global Mhealth (Mobile Health) Market expected to grow in near future with a high CAGR of 38+% from 2017 to 2022 Global Diabetic Care Market expected to grow at 9+% CAGR from 2015 to 2022 Small Benchtop Climate Chamber Market 2017 – TPS, CME, Kambic, CSZ, ESPEC, Binder, Climats, Memmert, Hitachi Small Benchtop Climate Chamber Market 2017 – TPS, CME, Kambic, CSZ, ESPEC, Binder, Climats, Memmert, Hitachi Where Will You be When the Bombs Begin to Fall? Survival Board Game „Apochalyptica” Hits Kickstarter Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
05192017Headline: Global Steam Turbines Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 2 mins ago Worldwide LED Track Light Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2017 – Acute Market Reports 13 mins ago China n-Butyl Mercaptan Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports 35 mins ago New Research – Global Levulinic Acid Market Size, Share, Dynamic Research, Insights, Regional Outlook And Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports 35 mins ago Recent Release – Global Liposuction Surgery Devices Market, Share, Size, Dynamic Research, Expert Opinion, Forecasts Report 2017 – Acute Market Reports 55 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market Research Report 2017-2025 Global Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market Research Report 2017-2025 May 18, 2017 | by Satyamspot | According to the latest report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017-2025,” the global bovine respiratory disease treatment market was valued at US$ 998.8 Mn in 2016, and is expected to reach US$ 1,885.3 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of 7.2% from 2017 to 2025. Browse the full report Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment Market – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2017–2025 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/bovine-respiratory-disease-treatment-market Market Insights                                                   Phenomenal rise in animal protein consumption in the global population is one of the most important factors that has resulted in growth in demand for bovine meat. Thus, in order to ensure healthy and disease free meat and better production capacities, rearing healthy cattle has become of vital importance to herders and farm owners. Significant rise in bovine disease epidemics and growth in cattle population has further aided in growing demand for bovine respiratory disease treatment. Growing awareness among consumers regarding healthy meat and animal health management practices and environment protection guidelines additionally contribute to market growth. The trends in global bovine respiratory disease treatment market are expected to be majorly influenced by government regulations on veterinary drugs. High treatment costs for companion and meat animals is expected to restrain the market growth to a minor level during the forecast period. However, growing focus of drug manufacturers towards introducing more efficient drugs at competitive prices will open further avenues particularly in developing countries. Further proliferation of processed meat market on the global front will additionally lead in growth in demand for healthy cattle is anticipated to grow demand for efficient and safe respiratory disease drugs through the forecast period.   Geographically, North America and Europe together occupy the largest revenue share in the global bovine respiratory treatment market. Maturity of veterinary healthcare market in North America and Western Europe significantly contribute to the dominance of these regions. Other factors contributing to the success of North America and Europe markets are existence of well-structured animal husbandry industry, and ready availability of most advanced veterinary healthcare services and drugs. Additionally, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest progressing market for bovine respiratory disease treatment. Rapid proliferation of animal husbandry and meat markets in the region and extensive use of cattle for agriculture purposes majorly drive the Asia Pacific market. Overall competition in the global bovine respiratory disease treatment market is intense and it is anticipated that similar competitive environment shall prevail through the forecast period. Constant introduction of novel drugs with higher efficacy forms the major focus area of the market players to maintain competitive edge in the market. Some of the notable players in the global bovine respiratory disease treatment market are Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bimeda, Ceva, Elanco, Merck & Co., Inc., Merial, Virbac Group, Vetoquinol and Zoetis Services LLC. Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58464 Blog: http://globalpharmaindustry.com/2017/05/11/bovine-respiratory-disease-treatment-market-industry-size-volume-forecast-opportunities-competitive-landscape-outlook-forecast-2017-2025/ About: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Media Contact Name: Chris Smith Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Steam Turbines Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Worldwide LED Track Light Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2017 – Acute Market Reports China n-Butyl Mercaptan Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports New Research – Global Levulinic Acid Market Size, Share, Dynamic Research, Insights, Regional Outlook And Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Steam Turbines Sales Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports Worldwide LED Track Light Market Share, Trends, Global Price, Company Profiles, Demand, Insights 2017 – Acute Market Reports China n-Butyl Mercaptan Market Size, Share, Growth, Outlook and Forecast to 2017: Acute Market Reports New Research – Global Levulinic Acid Market Size, Share, Dynamic Research, Insights, Regional Outlook And Forecasts 2017 – Acute Market Reports Recent Release – Global Liposuction Surgery Devices Market, Share, Size, Dynamic Research, Expert Opinion, Forecasts Report 2017 – Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Classification Of Global Animal Healthcare Industry 2022 Application Market, Future Growth Supply Demand Spot Analysis Investment Opportunity Illuminated By New Report The Report Global Animal Healthcare Market provides Key Benefits, Key Market Segments, Secondary and Primary Research, Analyst Tools and Models to 2021 Description: Animal health market is a growing industry comprising Companion animals and Farm animals. Companion animals are those which people tame or adopt for companionship, house/ office guards, and farm animals are raised for meat and milk related products. Companion animals include dogs, cats and horses. Farm animals are cattle, poultry, swine, fish, etc. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/256346 . Leading companies in the market are actively producing and manufacturing animal health care products, pharmaceuticals and others. This market research report provides in-depth market intelligence of Animal health care industry. The global animal market is growing because of the increasing population of both the types of animals. Increasing consumption of meat and milk products, new diseases in animals and transfer of this disease from animals to human beings are propelling animal healthcare market globally. The changing lifestyle, increasing per capita income and increasing population has led to an increase in meat consumption. The demand of animal rich protein such as meat, eggs and milk is rising and due to this population of farm animals is also increasing. Based on the products, the market is divided into vaccines, parasiticides, anti-infectives and medicinal feed additives. Medicinal feed additives are growing at a faster pace because of people’s awareness for animal health and the connection between animal health and human health. The pharmaceutical and vaccine market is growing due to increasing number of diseases in animal and increasing concern of animal immunization.  Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/256346 . COMPANY PROFILES 1 Zoetis, Inc. 2 Merck & Co. 3 Merial Animal Health 4 Elanco 5 Bayer Animal Health 6 Virbac 7 Boehringer 8 Novartis Animal Health  For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Animal Healthcare Industry, Global Animal Healthcare Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Next-generation Antibody Therapeutics Market is Projected to Exhibit a CAGR of over 13.0% by 2022 Next PostNext Latin America Capnography Equipment Market is Envisaged to Result in its Impressive CAGR of More than 17.5 % by 2021 Search Recent Posts Corporation de Sécurité Garda World annonce l’extension de la Date d’échéance de son Offre d’achat de ses Billets de premier rang échéant en 2021 Global Dairy Ingredients Market Will Flourish by 2016 – 2024 Corporation de Sécurité Garda World annonce l’extension de la Date d’échéance de son Offre de rachat au comptant pour ses Billets de premier rang libellés en dollars américains échéant en 2021 Concrete Admixtures Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities and Restraint to 2025 Nuclear Imaging Equipment Market To Surge at a high CAGR Know About The Factors Driving the market Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Veterinary Vaccines Industry Key benefits, Key Segments and Key Audiences to 2021 Description: Growing numbers of farm and companion animals, increasing use of intensive animal husbandry practices and rising incidence of chronic diseases in animals have propelled the need for better animal healthcare. Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/256345 . Food safety concerns have boosted the usage of vaccines for better farm animal production. The global market for veterinary vaccines is estimated to be worth $12.68 billion in 2014. Expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.84 %, the market is set to reach a value of US$19.35 billion by 2019. Factors responsible for the growth of the market are increasing Zoonotic diseases, increasing investments by government bodies, animal welfare associations and leading players. Recent epidemics like swine flu, avian influenza and anthrax created awareness among livestock owners to avoid the huge production losses due to these diseases. The future of the animal vaccines will be dominated by DNA-related vaccine which can target the particular disease with minimal vaccines shots. Such innovative products will be more capable of providing protection than the conventional vaccines. However, rising maintenance costs for the storage of vaccines, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet in major economies owing to increasing risk of obesity and other chronic diseases are key restraints of this market. Veterinary vaccine market has shown growth in recent years which can be attributed to increasing husbandry practices and better management of farms. This results in estimation of further growth in the market due to advancement in biotechnological research. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-veterinary-vaccines-market-by-disease-animal-and-region-industry-analysis-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecasts-2016-2021 . In country wise analysis, Chinese animal vaccine market is set to grow because the R&D platform and technology has the capability to support the development of various veterinary vaccines and the expansion of governmental tender vaccine. The global veterinary vaccine market is segmented by type of disease in companion and farm animals – poultry vaccines (Bronchitis, Avian Influenza, Marek’s disease, New castle disease), Swine vaccines (Porcine reproductive disease, Swine influenza, Swine Pneumonia). By vaccine technology, the market is segmented into toxoid vaccines, recombinant vaccines, inactivated vaccines and live attenuated vaccines. Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/256345 . By geography, the market is divided into North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe and the rest of world. Europe accounts for the largest share of the animal vaccines market, followed by North America. While North America and Europe have decelerated growth in veterinary vaccines due to quality safety, high maturity and other factors, developing regions like Asia-pacific and other developing countries have fast growing animal vaccine market. Pfizer (U.S.), Merck (U.S.), Sanofi-Aventis (France), Bayer HealthCare (Germany), Virbac (France), Novartis (Switzerland), Boehringer Ingelheim (Germany), Heska Corporation (U.S.), Bioniche Animal Health Canada, Inc. (Canada) are the key players in the global animal vaccines market. COMPANY PROFILES 1 ZOETIS ANIMAL HEALTHCARE 1.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 1.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 1.3 PRODUCTS 2 ABAXIS, INC. 2.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 2.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 2.3 PRODUCTS 3 NEOGEN CORPORATION 3.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 3.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 3.3 PRODUCTS 4 HESKA CORPORATION 4.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 4.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 4.3 PRODUCTS 5 IDEXX LABORATORIES 5.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 5.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 5.3 PRODUCTS 6 QIAGEN 1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 3 PRODUCTS 7 VIRBAC SA 7.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 7.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 7.3 PRODUCTS 8 PRIONICS AG 8.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 8.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 8.3 PRODUCTS 9 BIOCHEK 9.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 9.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 9.3 PRODUCTS 10 IDVET 10.1 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 10.2 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 10.3 PRODUCTS  For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsFood industry, Healthcare, market research reports, Orbis Research, Veterinary Vaccines Industry, Veterinary Vaccines industry 2021 forecast, veterinary vaccines market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Packaged Water Treatment System 2017 Americas Market Key Players – GE Water & Process Technologies, RWL Water, WesTech Engineering, Inc, Smith & Loveless Inc, Napier-Reid Ltd., Enviroquip, and Corix Water System And Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Global Halal Cosmetics Market Expert Opinion Report 2023: Credence Research Search Recent Posts Transcript and Audio Links: May 17 Press Briefing with co-hosts of the African Air Chiefs Symposium 2017 ICD Signs MOU with the City Bank Limited to Strengthen Collaboration ICD, Saba Islamic Bank (SIB) and Al-Kuraimi Islamic Microfinance Bank (KIMB) support Business Resilience of MSMEs in Yemen under BRAVE Project Marcus Hiles Examines the Increase of Over 25% on Home Mortgage Payments in a Year Laguna Blends Completes Acquisition of Isodiol and Announces Private Placement for up to $4,000,000 and Change of Director and Officer Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Global Sleep Aids Market is Predicted to Grow at a CAGR of 5.7% by 2020 According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “Global Market Study on Sleep Aids: Sleep Apnea to Witness Highest Growth by 2020”, the global sleep aids market was valued at US$ 58.1 Bn in 2014 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 5.7% to account for US$80.8 Bn by 2020. Sleep aids are drugs and medical devices that help a person to fall asleep. Lack of quality sleep leads to a medical condition known as a sleep disorder. Sleep disorder occurs due to changes in sleeping pattern of a person which can be caused by physical disturbances, medical issues, psychiatric problems, and environmental issues.  Globally, the sleep aids market is witnessing significant growth due to rising incidence of sleep disorders due to growing geriatric population, increasing demand for sleeping pills due to stressful modern lifestyle and rising initiatives by various health organizations to increase awareness about sleep disorders. However, factors such as side effects associated with sleep aids medications and patent expiration of major sleep drugs are key restraints for the growth of the global sleep aids market. The global sleep aids market was valued at US$ 58.1 Bn in 2014 and expected to account for US$ 80.8 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 5.7%. North America has the largest market for the global Sleep Aids market. This is due to technological advancements in the region. The North American sleep aids market was valued at US$ 31.9 Bn in 2014 and is expected to account for US$ 44.5 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 5.7%. In terms of sleep disorders, sleep apnea is the fastest growing segment. In terms of product, mattresses and pillows are the largest segments in the sleep aids market. In terms of medication, prescription medications are the largest segment in the market. Some of the latest trends in the global sleep aids market are increasing usage of home sleep test for diagnosis of sleep apnea, continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) therapy to treat sleep apnea, and growing adoption of wearable monitors and passive-off body sensors. A Sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2832 Sanofi, Merck & Co., Pfizer, Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Philips), GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Care Fusion Corporation, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. are some of the leading players in the global market for Sleep Aids market. Some of the other major players in Sleep Aids market are; Cadwell, SleepMed, Inc, Natus Medical manufactures, DeVilbiss Healthcare LLC, and Compumedics Limited. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/2832 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsGlobal Sleep Aids, Global Sleep Aids Market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Sleep Aids, Sleep Aids Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Epoxy Grout Market to Register a Strong Growth by 2025 Next PostNext Villas of Distinction® Gives Customers Up To $3,000 With All Holiday Bookings Search Recent Posts Velan Inc. Reports Its Year-End and Fourth Quarter 2016/17 Financial Results CPP Fund Totals $316.7 Billion at 2017 Fiscal Year-End Mizuho Hires Massimo Tassan-Solet as Head of Derivatives Trading Global Mhealth (Mobile Health) Market expected to grow in near future with a high CAGR of 38+% from 2017 to 2022 KORA Organics, Created By Miranda Kerr, to Launch NEW Noni Glow Collection In ALL Sephora Doors Nationwide, May 19th Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ENT Disorder Treatment Market 2.17% CAGR by 2021 Driven by Deteriorating Environmental Conditions Global ENT Disorder Treatment Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. This report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global ENT disorder treatment market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales from both branded and generic drugs. Complete Report available at www.reportsnreports.com/reports/994468-global-ent-disorde… ENT also known as otolaryngology, is an area of medicine that deals with disorders of ear, nose, and throat. Dysfunction of these body parts can affect quality of life and in certain cases may even lead to medical emergency. The market encompasses drugs that are used for the treatment of the ENT disorder. It mainly considers the various drug class used for the treatment of numerous symptoms of the disease. The major ENT disorders included in the report are rhinitis, sinusitis, otitis media, and tonsillitis. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA Key vendors • ALK • GSK • Novartis • Sanofi Inquire for Discount at www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=994468 Other prominent vendors • Allergan • AstraZeneca • Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories • Lupin • Merck • Mylan • Otonomy • Pfizer • Sun Pharma • Teva Pharmaceuticals The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. Market driver • Deteriorating environmental conditions. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Growing cases of anti-bacterial resistance. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend • Growing consolidation in industry particularly for rhinitis. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Purchase directly at www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=994468 Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? About Us: ReportsnReports.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, metropole, Next to inox theatre, Bund garden road, Pune-411001. + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious North America High-end Copper Foil Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2022 Next PostNext MorphoSys to Present Clinical Data on Proprietary Programs at Upcoming ASCO Annual Meeting 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Sensing Satellite Market studied with Product description, Application, forecast and many more for 2017-2021 Velan Inc. Reports Its Year-End and Fourth Quarter 2016/17 Financial Results CPP Fund Totals $316.7 Billion at 2017 Fiscal Year-End Mizuho Hires Massimo Tassan-Solet as Head of Derivatives Trading Musician Chris Cornell Dies at 52 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Thu, May 18 2017. 08 47 AM IST Businesses from PepsiCo to Pfizer have a stake in who leads WHO The World Health Organization’s 194 member-states will vote for a new director-general next week, who will succeed the incumbent Margaret Chan on 1 July Subscribe to our newsletter. Albertina Torsoli With $4 billion annual budget, WHO’s influence extends to virtually all of humanity, from food quality and environmental hazards to immunizations and the response to pandemics. Photo: Bloomberg Geneva: The World Health Organization’s 194 member-states will vote for a new director-general next week, choosing a doctor to lead the planet’s top technical agency on all matters health. With a $4 billion annual budget, WHO’s influence extends to virtually all of humanity, from food quality and environmental hazards to immunizations and the response to pandemics. One of three candidates will be elected at the Palais des Nations in Geneva on 23 May for a five-year term to provide the leadership, muster the resources, and implement the strategies that are central to global health, security, and development. Nominees to succeed current Director-General Margaret Chan on 1 July are David Nabarro (UK); Sania Nishtar (Pakistan); and Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus (Ethiopia). Whoever wins the top spot will also need to drum up financial support for the beleaguered, 69-year-old agency after the Trump Administration flagged reducing funding to the United Nations, of which the WHO is part. 1. Pandemic warnings WHO decides when to raise the alarm on pandemics and international health emergencies, which influence governments’ decisions on everything from pharmaceutical purchases to travel policies. The response to disease threats resonates across industries, especially aviation, tourism, insurance and re-insurance, whose businesses are among the hardest hit during major disease outbreaks. West Africa’s Ebola epidemic in 2014-15 cost Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone a combined $2.8 billion, the World Bank estimated. 2. Controlling tobacco WHO sets enforceable rules on tobacco control, restricting the way cigarette makers can advertise, promote, and market their products, making the agency’s policies especially important to companies such as Philip Morris International Inc., British American Tobacco Plc, Japan Tobacco Inc. and Imperial Brands Plc. 3. Healthy diets WHO makes dietary and nutrition recommendations aimed at tackling conditions from obesity and hypertension to stroke and heart attack. Salt and sugar targets influence the ingredients of foods and beverages, including those made by Nestle SA, Unilever, General Mills Inc., Kellogg Co., PepsiCo Inc. and the Coca-Cola Co. 4. Procuring medicines WHO formulates a model list of essential medicines that recommend the most important drugs governments should stock for the health of their people. Pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can get a sales boost from having a product added to the list. The list is especially important for makers of generic medications, such as Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Mylan NV, Novartis AG’s Sandoz unit and Sun Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd. WHO is pushing for wider access to ground-breaking new treatments for hepatitis C, cancer, and multi-drug resistant tuberculosis, and is lobbying to make the medicines more affordable—an effort that has ramifications for drugmakers such as Gilead Sciences Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Roche Holding AG and AstraZeneca Plc. It also helps other UN agencies procure billions of dollars of pharmaceutical products by vetting manufacturers to ensure they meet WHO standards and specifications. 5. Health-insurance for all WHO is helping governments achieve universal health coverage by 2030 with the goal of ensuring even the poorest people have access to safe and effective essential services and treatment. Already, governments are being encouraged to have sufficient high-priority equipment on hand, including endoscopes, imaging and scanning machines, linear accelerators for radiotherapy, and other devices made by companies from Becton, Dickinson & Co. and Medtronic Plc, to Olympus Corp. and Siemens AG. 6. Breast is best WHO sets standards for the marketing of breast-milk substitutes that restrict some promotional practices of infant-formula makers, which include Nestle SA, Danone and Mead Johnson Nutrition Co., which is being acquired by Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc. 7. Calling the shots WHO scrutinizes the safety and efficacy of vaccines, and makes recommendations on which ones should be routinely administered to children, which ones should be stockpiled, and which ones should be developed for future use. Immunization recommendations are important for vaccine makers, including Merck & Co., Sanofi, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Pfizer Inc. and the Serum Institute of India Pvt. 8. Saving antibiotics WHO is trying to stave off resistance to antimicrobial medicines, including broad-spectrum antibiotics that are losing their potency because of overuse. The agency is also encouraging the development of new infection-fighting medicines. Working with veterinary, food and agriculture organizations, WHO is pushing for restrictions on the use of critically important antibiotics in food and livestock production that have relevance for food retailers, such as McDonald’s Corp. and Yum! Brands Inc., as well as Merck & Co., Bayer AG, Zoetis Inc. and other companies with animal-health interests. 9. Battling the bottle WHO is tackling the harmful use of alcohol, helping governments implement policies that curb excessive boozing and communicate its public health risks—a program with implications for beverage companies such as Diageo Plc, Pernod Ricard SA, Anheuser-Busch InBev NV and Carlsberg A/S in Europe to Suntory Holdings Ltd and Asahi Group Holdings Ltd. 10. Labelling carcinogens WHO reviews scientific evidence to appraise the cancer-risk of everything from agricultural chemicals, such as Monsanto Co.’s Roundup, and 2,4-D made by companies including Dow Chemical Co. and Nufarm Ltd., to drinking scalding-hot beverages, and eating red meat. “There is enormous interest in the business community about global health security,” said Lawrence Gostin, the Founding O’Neill Chair in Global Health Law at Washington’s Georgetown University. “Because of disruption in markets and consumer behaviour, the potential for restrictions on travel, trade and tourism can make a huge difference.” Bloomberg Albertina Torsoli Topics: WHO WHO director general PepsiCo Pfizer Margaret Chan More From Livemint READ MORE The perfect holiday is a five-letter word At the French Open, it’s an open race for the women’s singles title The oligarchy that is men’s tennis First Published: Thu, May 18 2017. 08 47 AM IST Editor's Picks How safe are sanitary pads in India? Paytm looking to acquire 500 million new customers: Vijay Shekhar Sharma Reliance Jio’s free services and the carnage in telecom Latest News The perfect holiday is a five-letter word At the French Open, it’s an open race for the women’s singles title The oligarchy that is men’s tennis Orissa HC grants bail to Trinamool MP Sudip Bandyopadhyay in Rose Valley case Uber threatens to fire self-driving car engineer in trade secrets case Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Friday, May 19, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Medical Vaccine may cut HPV infections, an oral cancer risk, in men This is the first study of oral HPV prevention in young men ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 18, 2017 | Updated 10:44 a. m. Tom Jackson, 65, of Houston, shows where he first noticed a tumor related to his HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013. ASSOCIATED PRESS Tom Jackson, 65, of Houston, talks about contracting and surviving HPV-related tonsil cancer. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print The HPV vaccine that helps prevent cervical cancer in women also might lower the risk in young men of oral infections that can cause mouth and throat cancers, a new study finds. These cancers are rising fast, especially in men, and research suggests that HPV, the human papillomavirus, is spreading through oral sex. The actor Michael Douglas brought attention to this risk several years ago when he blamed his cancer on it. This is the first study of whether the vaccine might prevent oral HPV infections in young men, and the results suggest it can. No men who had received at least one dose were later found to have infections of HPV strains linked to cancer, but more than 2 percent of unvaccinated men had them. “There may be additional benefits to vaccinating your son or daughter” besides the problems the vaccine already is known to prevent, said Dr. Maura Gillison of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. Results were released Wednesday by the American Society of Clinical Oncology ahead of presentation at its annual meeting next month. THE VIRUS HPV is very common — most sexually active people have been exposed to it. Some types cause genital warts. Usually, the virus causes no symptoms and goes away, but some people develop long-lasting infections of strains that can cause cancer. The vaccine was approved in 2006 to prevent cervical cancers in women, and later, for some others including anal cancer in men. But acceptance has been slow — only about half of those eligible are getting it now, according to the latest information. Now, awareness is growing of HPV’s other risks — oral infections are blamed for 70 percent of cancers in the mouth and back of the throat. About 11,600 of these occur each year in the U.S. and rates are rising 5 percent per year. They’re four times more common in men than women. There are now more mouth and throat cancers caused by HPV in the U.S. each year than there are cervical cancers. Oral sex is the main risk factor for getting an HPV infection in the mouth or throat, Gillison said. While “oral sex does not give you cancer,” the infection in rare cases can develop into cancer over many years, she explained. THE STUDY She led the study, funded by the National Cancer Institute, while previously at Ohio State University. Researchers interviewed 2,627 men and women ages 18 to 33 years in a national health study from 2011 to 2014 about whether they had been vaccinated, and tested oral rinse samples from them for HPV. Infections with worrisome HPV strains were found in far fewer people who had received any shots — an 88 percent lower risk. The results in men were striking — no infections in the vaccinated group versus 2.13 percent of the others. The study was observational, so it can’t prove the vaccine was responsible. But it may no longer be ethical to do an experiment where one group gets no vaccine, because its benefits for preventing other cancers is known. It might be possible to do such a study in people over 26, the age limit now for HPV vaccination, Gillison said. If a benefit were shown, it might lead to expanding the group for whom the vaccine is recommended. The bottom line is that the vaccine helps, and “so few people who should be getting it are,” said Dr. Richard Schilsky, chief medical officer of the oncology society who had no role in the study. WHAT PATIENTS SAY Scott Courville wishes it existed when he was young. The 43-year-old construction inspector from St. Martinville, Louisiana, was treated last year for HPV-related tonsil cancer that spread to lymph nodes. “I went through 33 rounds of radiation and six rounds of chemotherapy,” lost 100 pounds, and now has damaged taste buds and sinuses, and constant ringing in his ears, he said. His three teenaged sons and stepsons are getting the vaccine. “There was no question at all” that they would, only how soon, he said. Tom Jackson also had an HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013, and works to fight stigma over an infection that is largely sexually spread. As a school board trustee in Houston, “I believe strongly that all children should receive all vaccinations,” Jackson said. “The horror of HPV cancer is tremendous,” and not to be “whitewashed” by squeamishness or reluctance to discuss prevention, he said. THE VACCINES The vaccines are recommended mostly for young people, ideally before they’re exposed to HPV. Merck’s Gardasil is approved in the U.S. for females 9 through 26 to prevent cervical, vulvar, vaginal and anal cancers and genital warts. For males ages 9 through 26, it’s approved for preventing anal cancer and genital warts. A newer version of Gardasil that includes more HPV virus types is approved for males 9 through 15. GlaxoSmithKline’s Cervarix vaccine is approved for females 9 through 25 to prevent cervical cancer. All require two or three shots, depending on age. Other ways to help prevent oral HPV infections are limiting the number of sex partners and not smoking. Condoms or dental dams may help. Signs and symptoms of mouth and throat cancers may include a long-lasting sore throat, earaches, hoarseness, enlarged lymph nodes and pain when swallowing. Related Items Michael Douglas , GlaxoSmithKline , united states , north america Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market Will Reach US$ 2,655.9 Mn by 2024 New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/18/2017 — According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research, titled „Asia Pacific Alopecia Treatment Market: Industry Analysis and Forecast (2016–2024)”, revenue from the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.6% during the forecast period 2016 – 2024. In the report, the Asia-Pacific alopecia treatment market is analyzed on the basis of, type of alopecia, treatment type, and end user. On the basis of the type of alopecia, the overall market has been segmented into alopecia areata, alopecia totalis, and alopecia universalis. Topical drugs (creams, oils, lotions, gels, shampoos, and foam), oral drugs, injectable (platelet rich plasma therapy, steroid, and injectable fillers), hair transplant services and low-level laser therapy form the basis of treatment type. By end user segment, the market has been segmented into hospitals, dermatology and trichology clinics, home care settings, and aesthetic clinics. In the overall market, oral solid dosage formulations are expected to witness increased acceptance owing to ease of consumption by patients in Asia Pacific. Accordingly, oral drugs segment is anticipated to witness an increase in value from US$ 556.6 Mn in 2016 to US$ 1,005.1 Mn by the end of 2024. Rising global demand for effective hair loss treatment medications especially oral drugs is the prime driver of the market. Oral hair loss treatment drugs are gaining popularity as they help in maintaining patient-safety through reduced number of medicine dosages, but with increased drug efficacy. However, changing lifestyle along with the increase in stress level among working class population, cosmeceutical drug manufacturers focusing on expanding their hair treatment and scalp treatment product line, and cytokine therapy gaining momentum for alopecia treatment are other factors that expected to fuel the market growth for alopecia treatment market over the forecast period. Patent expiry of major blockbuster drugs resulting in market exclusivity for some brands and various side effects associated with the hair loss treatments is expected to hamper the overall market growth. Some of the side effects such as allergies, depression, and chances of permanent sexual dysfunctions. Other market deterrents include the limited efficacy of the hair loss treatment drugs and lack of reimbursement facilities for hair loss treatments services, such as laser treatments. Based on countries, the market has been divided into China, Japan, Australia & New Zealand, Malaysia, Singapore, India, Vietnam, Philippines and Rest of Asia-Pacific. Developed pharmaceuticals markets such as the China and Japan are expected to emerge as the main sourcing markets. This report assesses trends by type of alopecia, treatment type, end user, and countries; to offer analytical insights about the potential demand emerging for particular alopecia treatments in specific regions. China is estimated to dominate the alopecia treatment market accounting for maximum revenue share of the overall market by end of 2016. By 2024 end, China and Japan markets are expected to account for over three-fifth share of the Asia Pacific alopecia treatment market revenue. In terms of market share by value, China is estimated to retain its dominant position, registering a CAGR of 7.1% over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11077 Some key companies covered in this report include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Cipla Ltd., Cellmid Ltd., The Himalaya Drug Company, Taisho Pharmaceutical Holdings Co., Ltd, Shiseido Co., Ltd., and Zhangguang 101 Science & Technology Co., Ltd. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and the introduction of innovative and cost-effective advanced manufacturing procedures in order to gain higher market share and to strengthen their respective positions in the Asia Pacific market. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/asia-pacific-alopecia-treatment-market/toc CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UEC apresenta os mais novos motores russos para aviões e helicópteros na SITDEF no Peru Next PostNext Riassunto: Merz festeggia un risultato straordinario: un milione di trattamenti in tutto il mondo con Ultherapy® Search Recent Posts Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 Diagnostic Ultrasound Scanner Industry Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Europe Digital Mammography Equipment Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 Global Cross Linked Polyethylene Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Interventional Radiology Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Vaccine may cut HPV infections, an oral cancer risk, in men - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Derby 2017 Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford Derby 2017 U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Keith Kaiser Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Western Middle School Hardsteppers Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Vaccine may cut HPV infections, an oral cancer risk, in men Posted: Wednesday, May 17, 2017 5:16 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, May 18, 2017 7:01 PM EDT (AP Photo/ John L. Mone). Tom Jackson, 65, of Houston, shows where he first noticed a tumor related to his HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013. Jackson spoke from his home on Wednesday, May 17, 2017. He said doctors told him the cancer could haven... (AP Photo/John L. Mone). Tom Jackson, 65, of Houston, talks about contracting and surviving HPV-related tonsil cancer, on Wednesday, May 17, 2017. Jackson says he's fighting the stigma associated with that cancer he found four years ago. U.S. & World NewsMore>> Official: Boy found dead in car that was stolen, 3 arrests Official: Boy found dead in car that was stolen, 3 arrests Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:59:15 GMT Prosecutor: 3 young Mississippi men arrested hours after 6-year-old boy found shot dead in car stolen while his mother went into a supermarket.More >> Prosecutor: 3 young Mississippi men arrested hours after 6-year-old boy found shot dead in car stolen while his mother went into a supermarket.More >> US, Turkey spar over Erdogan visit violence, Kurdish support US, Turkey spar over Erdogan visit violence, Kurdish support Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:54:54 GMT The Trump administration is facing growing calls to respond forcefully to violence on American soil by Turkish presidential guards who were detained but then set free.More >> The Trump administration is facing growing calls to respond forcefully to violence on American soil by Turkish presidential guards who were detained but then set free.More >> French President Macron talks to Putin, faces media uproar French President Macron talks to Putin, faces media uproar Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:54:41 GMT French President Emmanuel Macron has gathered his newly-named officials for his first Cabinet meeting _ an assembly that looks significantly different than previous French governments.More >> French President Emmanuel Macron has gathered his newly-named officials for his first Cabinet meeting _ an assembly that looks significantly different than previous French governments.More >> A look at Iran's presidential candidates A look at Iran's presidential candidates Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:54:33 GMT A look at Iran's presidential candidates as voters head to the polls.More >> A look at Iran's presidential candidates as voters head to the polls.More >> Brazil's president may lead a 'walking dead administration' Brazil's president may lead a 'walking dead administration' Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:54:20 GMT Brazilian President Michel Temer is defiantly promising to remain in power despite a damaging new corruption allegation, but Latin America's largest nation could very well be rudderless as long as he stays leading...More >> Brazilian President Michel Temer is defiantly promising to remain in power despite a damaging new corruption allegation, but Latin America's largest nation could very well be rudderless as long as he stays leading a "walking dead administration.".More >> Trump says he's 'very close' to naming a new FBI director Trump says he's 'very close' to naming a new FBI director Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:54:14 GMT Four potential candidates to lead the FBI _ including former Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman _ met with President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday.More >> Four potential candidates to lead the FBI _ including former Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman _ met with President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday.More >> Trump, dogged by questions at home, makes first trip abroad Trump, dogged by questions at home, makes first trip abroad Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:54:11 GMT President Donald Trump is about to embark on his maiden foreign trip to the Middle East and Europe.More >> President Donald Trump is about to embark on his maiden foreign trip to the Middle East and Europe.More >> Polls open in first Iran presidential vote since atomic deal Polls open in first Iran presidential vote since atomic deal Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:54 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:54:06 GMT Iranians vote in the country's first presidential election since the nuclear deal with world powers, as incumbent Hassan Rouhani faces a hard-line opponent and two other challengers.More >> Iranians vote in the country's first presidential election since the nuclear deal with world powers, as incumbent Hassan Rouhani faces a hard-line opponent and two other challengers.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Car plows into Times Square crowd; 1 dead, about 20 hurt Car plows into Times Square crowd; 1 dead, about 20 hurt A law enforcement official says a car that plowed into a crowd of pedestrians in Times Square killed one person and injured about 20 othersMore >> A law enforcement official says a car that plowed into a crowd of pedestrians in Times Square killed one person and injured about 20 othersMore >> Roger Ailes, media guru and political strategist, dies at 77 Roger Ailes, media guru and political strategist, dies at 77 Fox News Channel founder Roger Ailes has died at 77, his wife said.More >> Fox News Channel founder Roger Ailes has died at 77, his wife said.More >> Russian president Vladimir Putin speaks out concerning classified info leak Russian president Vladimir Putin speaks out concerning classified info leak Russian president Vladimir Putin weighs in on the current state of U.S. politics surrounding the allegations of President Trump leaking classified information to Russian officials.More >> Russian president Vladimir Putin weighs in on the current state of U.S. politics surrounding the allegations of President Trump leaking classified information to Russian officials.More >> Special counsel Mueller named to probe Trump-Russia ties Special counsel Mueller named to probe Trump-Russia ties The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> Special prosecutor abruptly named to probe Trump-Russia ties Special prosecutor abruptly named to probe Trump-Russia ties The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> The Justice Department appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller Wednesday evening as a special counsel to oversee the federal investigation into allegations Russia and Donald Trump's campaign collaborated to influence the 2016 presidential electionMore >> Worst treatment ever, Trump grumbles; Dems demand deep probe Worst treatment ever, Trump grumbles; Dems demand deep probe President Trump complained Wednesday that "no politician in history" has been treated worse. Democrats demanded an independent commission to dig into his firing of FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautioned against "rushing to judgment."More >> President Trump complained Wednesday that "no politician in history" has been treated worse. Democrats demanded an independent commission to dig into his firing of FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautioned against "rushing to judgment."More >> No rush to Trump judgment, Ryan says; Dems demand deep probe No rush to Trump judgment, Ryan says; Dems demand deep probe Pressing for answers to mushrooming questions, congressional Democrats demand an immediate investigation into President Donald Trump's dealings with now-fired FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautions against "rushing to judgment."More >> Pressing for answers to mushrooming questions, congressional Democrats demand an immediate investigation into President Donald Trump's dealings with now-fired FBI Director James Comey. House Speaker Paul Ryan cautions against "rushing to judgment."More >> The Latest: WH says Trump didn't know where info came from The Latest: WH says Trump didn't know where info came from President Donald Trump's national security adviser says Trump didn't know where information that he shared with Russian officials came from.More >> President Donald Trump's national security adviser says Trump didn't know where information that he shared with Russian officials came from.More >>    By MARILYNN MARCHIONE AP Chief Medical Writer The HPV vaccine that helps prevent cervical cancer in women also might lower the risk in young men of oral infections that can cause mouth and throat cancers, a new study finds. These cancers are rising fast, especially in men, and research suggests that HPV, the human papillomavirus, is spreading through oral sex. The actor Michael Douglas brought attention to this risk several years ago when he blamed his cancer on it. This is the first study of whether the vaccine might prevent oral HPV infections in young men, and the results suggest it can. No men who had received at least one dose were later found to have infections of HPV strains linked to cancer, but more than 2 percent of unvaccinated men had them. "There may be additional benefits to vaccinating your son or daughter" besides the problems the vaccine already is known to prevent, said Dr. Maura Gillison of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. Results were released Wednesday by the American Society of Clinical Oncology ahead of presentation at its annual meeting next month. THE VIRUS HPV is very common - most sexually active people have been exposed to it. Some types cause genital warts. Usually, the virus causes no symptoms and goes away, but some people develop long-lasting infections of strains that can cause cancer. The vaccine was approved in 2006 to prevent cervical cancers in women, and later, for some others including anal cancer in men. But acceptance has been slow - only about half of those eligible are getting it now, according to the latest information. Now, awareness is growing of HPV's other risks - oral infections are blamed for 70 percent of cancers in the mouth and back of the throat. About 11,600 of these occur each year in the U.S. and rates are rising 5 percent per year. They're four times more common in men than women. There are now more mouth and throat cancers caused by HPV in the U.S. each year than there are cervical cancers. Oral sex is the main risk factor for getting an HPV infection in the mouth or throat, Gillison said. While "oral sex does not give you cancer," the infection in rare cases can develop into cancer over many years, she explained. THE STUDY She led the study, funded by the National Cancer Institute , while previously at Ohio State University. Researchers interviewed 2,627 men and women ages 18 to 33 years in a national health study from 2011 to 2014 about whether they had been vaccinated, and tested oral rinse samples from them for HPV. Infections with worrisome HPV strains were found in far fewer people who had received any shots - an 88 percent lower risk. The results in men were striking - no infections in the vaccinated group versus 2.13 percent of the others. The study was observational, so it can't prove the vaccine was responsible. But it may no longer be ethical to do an experiment where one group gets no vaccine, because its benefits for preventing other cancers is known. It might be possible to do such a study in people over 26, the age limit now for HPV vaccination, Gillison said. If a benefit were shown, it might lead to expanding the group for whom the vaccine is recommended. The bottom line is that the vaccine helps, and "so few people who should be getting it are," said Dr. Richard Schilsky, chief medical officer of the oncology society who had no role in the study. WHAT PATIENTS SAY Scott Courville wishes it existed when he was young. The 43-year-old construction inspector from St. Martinville, Louisiana, was treated last year for HPV-related tonsil cancer that spread to lymph nodes. "I went through 33 rounds of radiation and six rounds of chemotherapy," lost 100 pounds, and now has damaged taste buds and sinuses, and constant ringing in his ears, he said. His three teenaged sons and stepsons are getting the vaccine. "There was no question at all" that they would, only how soon, he said. Tom Jackson also had an HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013, and works to fight stigma over an infection that is largely sexually spread. As a school board trustee in Houston, "I believe strongly that all children should receive all vaccinations," Jackson said. "The horror of HPV cancer is tremendous," and not to be "whitewashed" by squeamishness or reluctance to discuss prevention, he said. THE VACCINES The vaccines are recommended mostly for young people, ideally before they're exposed to HPV. Merck's Gardasil is approved in the U.S. for females 9 through 26 to prevent cervical, vulvar, vaginal and anal cancers and genital warts. For males ages 9 through 26, it's approved for preventing anal cancer and genital warts. A newer version of Gardasil that includes more HPV virus types is approved for males 9 through 15. GlaxoSmithKline's Cervarix vaccine is approved for females 9 through 25 to prevent cervical cancer. All require two or three shots, depending on age. Other ways to help prevent oral HPV infections are limiting the number of sex partners and not smoking. Condoms or dental dams may help. Signs and symptoms of mouth and throat cancers may include a long-lasting sore throat, earaches, hoarseness, enlarged lymph nodes and pain when swallowing. ___ Marilynn Marchione can be followed on Twitter: @MMarchioneAP Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Official: Boy found dead in car that was stolen, 3 arrests Official: Boy found dead in car that was stolen, 3 arrests Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:59 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:59:15 GMT Prosecutor: 3 young Mississippi men arrested hours after 6-year-old boy found shot dead in car stolen while his mother went into a supermarket.More >> Prosecutor: 3 young Mississippi men arrested hours after 6-year-old boy found shot dead in car stolen while his mother went into a supermarket.More >> Officials: Man who ran over pedestrians was 'hearing voices' Officials: Man who ran over pedestrians was 'hearing voices' Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:53 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:53:49 GMT Law enforcement officials say a man accused of steering his car onto one of the busiest sidewalks in the U.S. and mowing down pedestrians for three blocks told police he was 'hearing voices'.More >> Law enforcement officials say a man accused of steering his car onto one of the busiest sidewalks in the U.S. and mowing down pedestrians for three blocks told police he was 'hearing voices'.More >> Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:47 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:47:49 GMT Ousted Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn will not honor a subpoena issued by a Senate committee looking into Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election.More >> Ousted Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn will not honor a subpoena issued by a Senate committee looking into Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election.More >> Chaffetz to resign, raising doubts about Trump probe Chaffetz to resign, raising doubts about Trump probe Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:47 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:47:45 GMT A top Utah state lawmaker says that U.S. Rep. Jason Chaffetz is expected to leave office by the end of June.More >> A top Utah state lawmaker says that U.S. Rep. Jason Chaffetz is expected to leave office by the end of June.More >> Basquiat painting fetches record $110.5M at New York auction Basquiat painting fetches record $110.5M at New York auction Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:46 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:46:47 GMT An artwork by Jean-Michel Basquiat (zhahn mee-SHEHL' BAH'-skee-aht) sold for a record $110.5 million at auction in New York.More >> An artwork by Jean-Michel Basquiat (zhahn mee-SHEHL' BAH'-skee-aht) sold for a record $110.5 million at auction in New York.More >> 9 years after recession began, some states still unrecovered 9 years after recession began, some states still unrecovered Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:45 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:45:44 GMT Even as the nation has left behind the job-market trauma of 2008 and 2009, some states have been slow to recover.More >> Even as the nation has left behind the job-market trauma of 2008 and 2009, some states have been slow to recover.More >> Birthplace of grunge mourns 'Seattle's son' Chris Cornell Birthplace of grunge mourns 'Seattle's son' Chris Cornell Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:32 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:32:35 GMT Seattle awoke Thursday to the news Thursday of the death of Chris Cornell, one of its most famous musicians and one whose forceful, somber songs came to help cement the city's place in rock history.More >> Seattle awoke Thursday to the news Thursday of the death of Chris Cornell, one of its most famous musicians and one whose forceful, somber songs came to help cement the city's place in rock history.More >> US forecasters: Here comes another hotter than normal summer US forecasters: Here comes another hotter than normal summer Updated: Friday, May 19 2017 2:28 AM EDT2017-05-19 06:28:08 GMT The National Weather Service is forecasting that the summer will be hotter than normal for most of the United States except for a small circle of states in the northern Midwest.More >> The National Weather Service is forecasting that the summer will be hotter than normal for most of the United States except for a small circle of states in the northern Midwest.More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share European Shares Extend Selloff As Trump Worries Grow 5/18/2017 7:05 AM ET European stocks extended losses on Thursday amid worries that the firing of FBI Director James Comey will hinder U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed tax overhaul and his broader economic stimulus agenda. While the euro held somewhat steady, the pound rose above $1.30 for the first time since September in the wake of the growing scandal engulfing Trump and amid strong retail sales data. U.K. retail sales volume including auto fuel grew 2.3 percent month-on-month in April, reversing a 1.4 percent drop in March, official data showed. This was the fastest growth since January 2016. Likewise, retail sales excluding auto fuel climbed 2 percent in contrast to March's 1.2 percent decrease. Elsewhere, France's unemployment rate based on ILO norms unexpectedly dropped to 9.6 percent in the first quarter, the lowest level in five years, from 10 percent in each of the previous three quarters, preliminary data from INSEE showed. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index was down nearly 1 percent at 387.41 in late opening deals after declining 1.2 percent the previous day. The German DAX was losing 0.8 percent, France's CAC 40 index was declining 1.1 percent and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 was down 1.3 percent. Banks fell broadly, with Commerzbank, Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Barclays and HSBC Holdings losing 1-2 percent. Mining stocks also succumbed to selling pressure as copper hit one-week low on uncertainty about Trump's economic agenda. Anglo American, Antofagasta, BHP Billiton and Glencore fell 2-3 percent. Swedish debt collection firm Intrum Justitia slumped 11 percent after it proposed a string of divestments to meet EU demands related to a planned merger with Norwegian rival Lindorff. Italy's Fiat Chrysler fell over 6 percent after reports that the U.S. Justice Department is preparing to sue the company over excess diesel emissions. Land Securities, Britain's largest listed property developer, lost 2 percent after warning of Brexit uncertainty hitting the London office market. German life sciences group Merck KgaA shed 1 percent after its first-quarter net profit declined 11.8 percent from a year earlier. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Dubai For Lunch? The 10 Longest Non-Stop Flights On Earth The 10 Worst Countries in the World For Health Care Music City Miracle: The 10 Hottest U.S. Housing Markets May Surprise You Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories Company Spotlight: GlycoMimetics European Shares Seeking Rebound Asian Markets Exhibit Mixed Trend Gainers & Losers Of May 18: ACHN, IMGN, GTHX, ELGX, NLNK... Disney Won't Pay "Pirates" Ransom To Hackers Spurs Fan Sues Over Kawhi Leonard Injury Southwest: Aloha To Hawaii Next Year? Trump Reiterates Claim Russia Investigation Is A Witch Hunt Bargain Hunting Contributes To Rebound On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Lidl To Rival Aldi And Walmart, Bringing 5,000 Jobs To U.S. FCC Votes To Move Forward With Efforts To Roll Back Net Neutrality Chaffetz Reportedly Set To Announce Early Departure From Congress Government Looking To Settle Wolf Of Wall Street Case Trump Administration Announces Intent To Renegotiate NAFTA Stocks Remain Mostly Positive Following Early Rebound - U.S. Commentary <<Previous        94 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed FCC Votes To Move Forward With Efforts To Roll Back Net Neutrality Fox News Mastermind Roger Ailes Has Died GM Quits India, South Africa Household Debt Rises Above 2008 Peak Walmart Q1 EPS Up, Tops View; Sees Higher Comps In Q2 Alex Jones Apologizes To Chobani, Settles Lawsuit Merck KgaA Q1 Profit Dips, Adj. EBITDA Rises; Backs FY17 Sales Growth View Valeant, Activis Call Truce Over Xifaxan Biz Stone To Save The Day At Twitter? Ford Cutting White-Collar Jobs, Mostly Via Buyouts Thailand Doesn't Ban Facebook After King Crop-Top Video Facebook Refunds Some Advertisers After Measurement Error AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls Gainers & Losers Of May 16: AKBA, MTFB, TTNP, IMUC, CAPR... Gainers & Losers Of May 15: CBMG, ETRM, ALNY, EGRX, ONCS... Thailand Doesn't Ban Facebook After King Crop-Top Video SNDX Rises On Entinostat Data, Kalydeco Gets FDA Nod, Concert Fails To Enthrall Gainers & Losers Of May 17: SNDX, PULM, PBYI, CNCE, XLRN... AZN's PACIFIC Proves To Have Depth, ARDX Abuzz, No Flashy Data From ALLSTAR Riding High: Hortonworks Inc. U.S. Dips On Fragile States Index; South Sudan Most Fragile State Lyft, Waymo Sign Collaboration Deal On Self-driving Cars Court Says Google Is Not Generic Merck KgaA Q1 Profit Dips, Adj. EBITDA Rises; Backs FY17 Sales Growth View MP3 Creators Declare Format Dead General Mills Giving Away Marshmallow-Only Lucky Charms K3 Business Now Sees FY Results Significantly Below Market View; Stock Plunges SGL Carbon Backs Net Loss Forecast For FY17; Sees Higher Sales - Quick Facts Baby Wipes Recalled For Mold Risk The TJX Companies, Inc. Q1 Income Climbs 5% AKBA Abuzz, ANTH On Track For RESULT, IMUC Faces Cash Crunch, IONS Falls Lyndon Rive, Former SolarCity CEO, To Leave Tesla ABN AMRO Intends To Appoint Abrahams As Member Of Executive Board And CFO EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of Clean Diesel Technologies Inc. Q1 Earnings Report Johnson & Johnson Posting Strong Gain On Upgrade By JPMorgan Ionis Pharmaceuticals Posting Steep Loss In Afternoon Trading Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
HPV vaccine for men may cut oral infection risk: study | CTV News Video Shows Canada World Politics Entertainment Sci-Tech Health Autos Business Sports CTV News Mobile CTV Search Search CTV News X Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links Home Headlines Diet and Nutrition Fitness Body and Mind Lifestyle Advertisement HPV vaccine for men may cut oral infection risk: study The HPV vaccine helps prevent cervical cancer in women and might also lower the risk in young men. (andresr/Istock.com) Marilynn Marchione, The Associated Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 6:39AM EDT Last Updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 10:45AM EDT The HPV vaccine that helps prevent cervical cancer in women also might lower the risk in young men of oral infections that can cause mouth and throat cancers, a new study finds. These cancers are rising fast, especially in men, and research suggests that HPV, the human papillomavirus, is spreading through oral sex. The actor Michael Douglas brought attention to this risk several years ago when he blamed his cancer on it. This is the first study of whether the vaccine might prevent oral HPV infections in young men, and the results suggest it can. No men who had received at least one dose were later found to have infections of HPV strains linked to cancer, but more than 2 per cent of unvaccinated men had them. "There may be additional benefits to vaccinating your son or daughter" besides the problems the vaccine already is known to prevent, said Dr. Maura Gillison of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. Results were released Wednesday by the American Society of Clinical Oncology ahead of presentation at its annual meeting next month. THE VIRUS HPV is very common -- most sexually active people have been exposed to it. Some types cause genital warts. Usually, the virus causes no symptoms and goes away, but some people develop long-lasting infections of strains that can cause cancer. The vaccine was approved in 2006 to prevent cervical cancers in women, and later, for some others including anal cancer in men. But acceptance has been slow -- only about half of those eligible are getting it now, according to the latest information. Now, awareness is growing of HPV's other risks -- oral infections are blamed for 70 per cent of cancers in the mouth and back of the throat. About 11,600 of these occur each year in the U.S. and rates are rising 5 per cent per year. They're four times more common in men than women. There are now more mouth and throat cancers caused by HPV in the U.S. each year than there are cervical cancers. Oral sex is the main risk factor for getting an HPV infection in the mouth or throat, Gillison said. While "oral sex does not give you cancer," the infection in rare cases can develop into cancer over many years, she explained. THE STUDY She led the study, funded by the National Cancer Institute , while previously at Ohio State University. Researchers interviewed 2,627 men and women ages 18 to 33 years in a national health study from 2011 to 2014 about whether they had been vaccinated, and tested oral rinse samples from them for HPV. Infections with worrisome HPV strains were found in far fewer people who had received any shots -- an 88 per cent lower risk. The results in men were striking -- no infections in the vaccinated group versus 2.13 per cent of the others. The study was observational, so it can't prove the vaccine was responsible. But it may no longer be ethical to do an experiment where one group gets no vaccine, because its benefits for preventing other cancers is known. It might be possible to do such a study in people over 26, the age limit now for HPV vaccination, Gillison said. If a benefit were shown, it might lead to expanding the group for whom the vaccine is recommended. The bottom line is that the vaccine helps, and "so few people who should be getting it are," said Dr. Richard Schilsky, chief medical officer of the oncology society who had no role in the study. WHAT PATIENTS SAY Scott Courville wishes it existed when he was young. The 43-year-old construction inspector from St. Martinville, Louisiana, was treated last year for HPV-related tonsil cancer that spread to lymph nodes. "I went through 33 rounds of radiation and six rounds of chemotherapy," lost 100 pounds, and now has damaged taste buds and sinuses, and constant ringing in his ears, he said. His three teenaged sons and stepsons are getting the vaccine. "There was no question at all" that they would, only how soon, he said. Tom Jackson also had an HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013, and works to fight stigma over an infection that is largely sexually spread. As a school board trustee in Houston, "I believe strongly that all children should receive all vaccinations," Jackson said. "The horror of HPV cancer is tremendous," and not to be "whitewashed" by squeamishness or reluctance to discuss prevention, he said. THE VACCINES The vaccines are recommended mostly for young people, ideally before they're exposed to HPV. Merck's Gardasil is approved in the U.S. for females 9 through 26 to prevent cervical, vulvar, vaginal and anal cancers and genital warts. For males ages 9 through 26, it's approved for preventing anal cancer and genital warts. A newer version of Gardasil that includes more HPV virus types is approved for males 9 through 15. GlaxoSmithKline's Cervarix vaccine is approved for females 9 through 25 to prevent cervical cancer. All require two or three shots, depending on age. Other ways to help prevent oral HPV infections are limiting the number of sex partners and not smoking. Condoms or dental dams may help. Signs and symptoms of mouth and throat cancers may include a long-lasting sore throat, earaches, hoarseness, enlarged lymph nodes and pain when swallowing. Related Stories Mouth, throat cancers caused by HPV on the rise, especially among Canadian men 1 in 4 U.S. men have cancer-linked HPV genital infections Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Thursday, May 18, 2017 Air Date: May 18, 2017 false MyNews: Driver's close call on the highway Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump’s defiant denials Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Tulip trouble: Canada 150 bulbs show wrong colour Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Drunk driver causes chaos Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Music pioneer dies Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: TSB releases report on crash Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: U.S. triggers NAFTA talks Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Nanaimo teen missing since March found dead Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Fox News creator dies Air Date: May 18, 2017 false CTV National News: Jays' suspend Kevin Pillar Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Chris Cornell’s death a suicide: Medical examiner Air Date: May 18, 2017 More Stories from Health News Manitoba man relieved to be off the hook for US$36K medical flight Cuba reports a surge of Zika but still fewer than neighbours Certain nuts linked to reduced risk of colon cancer return: study Bill to make it easier to create safe injection sites becomes law Pope embraces Huntington's afflicted in bid to end stigma Swallowable balloons help curb obesity in experimental study Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false 'Single greatest witch hunt in American history': Trump false U.S. starts the 90 day clock on free trade negotiations false Trail of destruction in NYC leaves one dead, many injured false Alberta’s Wildrose and PC parties signal intent to unite CTV National News for May 18: Trump slams investigation Most Popular Stories 1 Lauded rocker Chris Cornell dies at 52 7 2 Vehicle slams into Times Square crowd, 1 dead 7 3 Supreme Court of Canada would okay random breath testing: expert 4 School's out by noon? Not so fast, parents say 1 5 Check your wallet: RCMP warn of 'splice-and-tape' counterfeit bills 3 6 Military, police deployed overseas to get tax exemptions, Sajjan says 1 7 Blue Jays' Pillar suspended two games for yelling homophobic slur 7 8 Canada ready for NAFTA renegotiation: Freeland 8 9 Frostbitten man who crossed Manitoba border granted refugee status 2 10 Alberta PCs, Wildrose to form new entity called United Conservative Party 6 Don't Miss false Caught on Cam: Driver's close call with transport truck false Tulip trouble: Some Canada 150 flowers showing wrong colour false Omar may be world's longest cat MyHealth Videos false More skin cancer cases identified among men: StatsCan study false LED light from screens may contribute to digital eye strain false Some N.B. seniors homes phasing out antipsychotic drugs CTV News My Health CANADA Prince William and Harry give Ontario teen Legacy Award Frostbitten man who crossed Manitoba border granted refugee status Police failed to warn Quebec Muslims before mosque shooting, survivor says WORLD U.S. Senate chairman: Flynn has not responded to subpoena U.S. imposes sanctions on Venezuela Supreme Court Trump assails 'witch hunt' after naming of special counsel ENTERTAINMENT Sorry, not sorry: Jennifer Lawrence owns up to pole dancing Shawn Mendes, Grimes, A Tribe Called Red lead iHeartRadio Canada MMVA nominees Netflix announces 5th season of 'Arrested Development' HEALTH Manitoba man relieved to be off the hook for US$36K medical flight Cuba reports a surge of Zika but still fewer than neighbours Certain nuts linked to reduced risk of colon cancer return: study POLITICS Canada ready for NAFTA renegotiation: Freeland Alberta PCs, Wildrose to form new entity called United Conservative Party Kenney says he'd work with Wall to sue feds over carbon tax SCI-TECH MIT student sues CIA for info on Twitter jokes Vancouver among cities at risk as coastal flooding expected to double: study Google creates VR voyage to Italy BUSINESS Constitution gives Ottawa right to impose carbon price on provinces: McKenna Canada-European Union pact worries U.S. lobster industry Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier AUTOS Supreme Court of Canada would okay random breath testing: expert Lamborghini gives 650 reasons to lust after its new SUV Volvo testing out autonomous garbage truck SPORTS Blue Jays' Pillar suspended two games for yelling homophobic slur After win over Germany, Canada will play Russia in world championship semifinal 2018 Games head says NHL not being greedy, will co-operate Lifestyle 'Caleb's Superhero Suite': Hospital room transformed in boy's memory Britain sees record visitor numbers on Brexit-hit pound Almost 40 per cent of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, new research shows CTV News on the Go false Trump plans to ‘modernize’ NAFTA Chris Cornell’s death a suicide: Medical examiner Iraqi soldier risks life to stop suicide bomber In Pictures   Musician Chris Cornell dies at 52 Couple lives on man-made, off-the-grid island in B.C. 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Biopharmaceuticals Market to Grow Rapidly at a CAGR of approximately 9.4% by 2020 According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “Global Market Study on Biopharmaceuticals: Asia to Witness Highest Growth by 2020”, the global biopharmaceuticals market was valued at US$ 162 Bn in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.4% from 2014 to 2020, to reach an estimated value of US$ 278 Bn by 2020. Biopharmaceuticals are medicinal drugs, produced by isolation of the medicinal products from biological sources such as from animals, plants, humans and microorganisms, using biotechnological techniques such as recombinant DNA technology. They can also be produced using transgenic organisms, particularly animals and plants that have been genetically engineered to produce drugs. These drugs help in prevention and treatment of various diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, psoriasis, cardiovascular disease, anemia arising from chemotherapy, chronic renal failure, cancer, and diabetes. Globally, the biopharmaceuticals market is witnessing significant growth due to increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, rising aging population, technological advancements in biopharmaceuticals, and increasing R&D investments. In addition, the capability of biopharmaceuticals to approach a particular target with high efficacy helps in the treatment of various chronic diseases and disorders. Biopharmaceuticals, such as monoclonal antibodies, hormones, cytokines, clotting factors, cell therapies, antisense drugs, recombinant insulin, and vaccines, have the potential to prevent, treat, and completely heal the diseases which are otherwise difficult to cure or have no available treatment. This, in turn, fuels growth of the biopharmaceuticals market. However, factors such as high costs of biopharmaceuticals, the risk of side–effects, and availability of low-cost biosimilars are restraining the growth of the global market for biopharmaceuticals. The global biopharmaceuticals market was valued at US$ 162 Bn in 2014 and is expected to reach US$ 278 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 9.4% during the forecast period. North America is the largest market for biopharmaceuticals. This is due to technological advancements in the region. The North America market for biopharmaceuticals was valued at US$ 64.7 Bn in 2014 and is expected to reach US$ 111.5 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 9.5% over the forecast period. In terms of type, monoclonal antibodies are the fastest growing segment. In terms of therapeutic application, oncology is the largest segment in the biopharmaceuticals market. Biopharmaceuticals have wide applications in the pharmaceutical industry. One of the latest trends in the global biopharmaceuticals market is that of outsourcing, where biopharmaceutical companies are dependent on contract manufacturing organizations to produce a biopharmaceutical drug substance, which helps reducing investments for a new product launch. A Sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2827 Pfizer, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Sanofi, Amgen Inc., AbbVie Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Biogen Idec, Bayer AG, Eli Lilly and Company, and Novartis AG are leading players in the global biopharmaceuticals market. Some of the other players in the biopharmaceuticals market are GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, AstraZeneca PLC, and Abbott Laboratories. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/2827 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBiopharmaceuticals, Biopharmaceuticals Market, Global Biopharmaceuticals Market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe, Middle East and Africa Medical Coatings Industry and Global Market Expected to Grow with a Strong CAGR Next PostNext United States Printing Toners Market 2017 Industry Research Report and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Riassunto: ERYTECH fornisce aggiornamenti sulla società e dati finanziari relativi al primo trimestre del 2017 Dominion Diamond Provides Exploration Update and Announces Maiden Resource at Leslie Pipe at Ekati Pink Jeep Tours Wins Prestigious Concierge Award For Sixth Consecutive Year 2016 Billing Company of the Year ML Billing Reaches Its 30th Anniversary – With No Signs of Slowing Down Copart, Inc. to Webcast Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Biological Drugs Market to Growth in this Market and Results in its healthy CAGR of More than 10.1% by 2020 According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research “Global Market Study on Biological Drugs: North America to Witness Highest Growth By 2020”, the global biological drugs market was valued at US$ 161,056.5 Mn in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.1% from 2014 to 2020, to reach US$ 287,139.7 Mn by 2020. Biological drugs are typically derived from living cells and are used in the prevention and treatment of various diseases such as cancer, blood disorders, auto-immune diseases, and other medical disorders. Biological drugs have more complex structures compared to that of conventional drugs. Globally, the biological drugs market is witnessing significant growth due to the increasing prevalence of chronic diseases and growing geriatric population. In addition, health and awareness initiatives by various government associations are also supporting the growth of the biological drugs market. However, high costs of biological drugs and patent expiry of blockbuster drugs impede the growth of the biological drugs market. Moreover, risks of adverse effects associated with biologic injectable drugs also inhibit the growth of the market. The global biological drugs market is anticipated to grow from an estimated US$ 161,056.5 Mn in 2014 to US$ 287,139.7 Mn by 2020 at a CAGR 10.1% during the forecast period. North America dominates the global biological drugs market. This is due to increasing use of biological drugs in the treatment of diseases such as cancer, diabetes, and other chronic diseases in the region. In addition, several clinics in the region are focusing on biological drugs for the treatment of various diseases. The biological drugs market in Europe is growing due to increasing aging population in the region. For instance, according to a UN report, elderly people accounted for 23.2% of the total population in Germany in 2000, and the number is expected to reach 33.2% by 2025. Aging can lead to certain disorders such as age-related macular degeneration and glaucoma, which require effective biological drugs for their treatment. Low manufacturing costs in Asia are attracting biopharmaceutical companies to invest in the region, supporting the growth of the biological drugs market. Moreover, governments of some Asian countries are also supporting the growth of the biological drugs market by providing funds to life sciences research institutes and biotech companies for the construction of R&D and manufacturing facilities. A Sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2997 Novartis AG, Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc., and Merck & Co., Inc. are some of the leading players in the global biological drugs market. Other major players in the market include Abbott Laboratories, Baxter International Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly and Company, Biogen Idec, and Amgen Inc. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/2883 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsBiological, Biological Drugs, Biological Drugs Market, Drugs Market, Global Biological Drugs Market, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Brushed Aluminum Market 2017 – North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India Next PostNext 5 ways to kick writer’s block to the curb Search Recent Posts Riassunto: ERYTECH fornisce aggiornamenti sulla società e dati finanziari relativi al primo trimestre del 2017 Dominion Diamond Provides Exploration Update and Announces Maiden Resource at Leslie Pipe at Ekati Pink Jeep Tours Wins Prestigious Concierge Award For Sixth Consecutive Year 2016 Billing Company of the Year ML Billing Reaches Its 30th Anniversary – With No Signs of Slowing Down Copart, Inc. to Webcast Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Results Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Looking 10 mg Zetia compare prices. Cheap Pharmacy No Perscription Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 18 de Maio de 2017 Looking 10 mg Zetia compare prices Generic Zetia Best Pharmacy To Purchase Generic Zetia Now. Zetia (ezetimibe) is used either alone or with other drugs, along with a low cholesterol/low fat diet, to help lower cholesterol in the blood. Reducing cholesterol helps prevent strokes and heart attacks. Ezetimibe works by reducing the amount of cholesterol your body absorbs from your diet. Generic Zetia may also be marketed as: Ezedoc, Ezetrol, Ezetimibe. *Zetia® is a registered trademark of Merck. Rating 4.5 stars, based on 317 comments Price from $1.24 Per pill Use this link to Order Generic Zetia (Ezetimibe) NOW! Buy Zetia Online With Mastercard Ezetimibe No Prescription Order Beställ Online Zetia Washington Best Site Buy Generic Ezetimibe Zetia Pills For Cheap Where To Get Cheap Zetia Inglaterra Purchase Ezetimibe Discover Card Köp Online Zetia Stockholm Buy Online Zetia Detroit Order Ezetimibe C.O.D Billig Online Zetia Inghilterra Ezetimibe Brand For Sale Where To Get Online Zetia Phoenix Billig Online Zetia Washington How Much Does Zetia Cost Online greensavers.sapo.ao buy Tenormin cheap Famvir generic Levitra Do You Need Prescription Buy Ezetimibe Zetia Brand Buy Ezetimibe Buy Best Where To Order Generic Zetia Paris How Much Does A Prescription Of Zetia Cost Ezetimibe Tablets Wholesale Genuine Ezetimibe For Sale Buy Zetia Cash On Delivery Zetia Generic Order Online No Prescription Cheapest Price For Ezetimibe Ezetimibe Generic Buying Acheter Cheap Zetia England Ezetimibe Cheap Fedex Buy Ezetimibe Walmart Peut On Acheter Du Ezetimibe Sans Ordonnance Köp Generic Zetia Phoenix Meilleur Site Achat Ezetimibe Chicago Zetia Where To Get Combien Online Zetia Australia Best Pharmacy To Buy Ezetimibe Order Brand Ezetimibe Cheapest Ezetimibe Prescription Purchase Online Zetia Amsterdam Köp Generic Zetia Belgique Ou Acheter Du Ezetimibe Générique Cheap Ezetimibe Pills Order Generic Zetia Where To Purchase Online Zetia Minneapolis Zetia Ordering Achat Ezetimibe Livraison Express Cheap Generic Ezetimibe Online Order Cheap Zetia Paris Acheter Zetia Le Vrai Acheter Zetia En Securite Combien Online Zetia Angleterre Zetia Purchased Costo Ezetimibe One Day Buy Generic Zetia Norge Purchase Cheap Zetia Phoenix Order Online Zetia L’espagne Cheapest Generic Ezetimibe Ezetimibe Cheap Ezetimibe Buy Brand Ezetimibe No Prescription Ezetimibe Original For Sale Cheap Site Pour Acheter Du Ezetimibe Beställ Generic Zetia La Safe Place Order Zetia Online Where To Buy Generic Zetia Angleterre Achat Cheap Zetia Dallas Achat Online Zetia Houston Cheapest Zetia Pharmacy Zetia Online Ordering Where To Purchase Generic Zetia Japan Order Generic Zetia Online No Prescription Where To Purchase Generic Zetia Minneapolis Buy Name Brand Ezetimibe Online Order Zetia Online Safe Best Places To Buy Zetia Beställ Cheap Zetia Norge Cheap Zetia Pharmacy Brand Name Ezetimibe For Sale How Much Does Ezetimibe Cost Per Pill Purchase Cheap Zetia Inglaterra Zetia For Sale On Line Acheter Zetia Générique En Ligne Best Place To Order Zetia Buy Cheap Zetia No Rx Order Generic Zetia Danmark Safe To Order Ezetimibe Online Combien Generic Zetia Paris Ezetimibe Zetia Cheap Zetia To Order Where To Buy Generic Zetia Houston Where To Get Generic Zetia Suisse Where To Buy Cheap Zetia Los Angeles Can Buy Ezetimibe Pharmacy Buy Genuine Ezetimibe Online Beställ Cheap Zetia Stockholm Costo Zetia Italia Purchase Zetia Paypal Generic Zetia On Sale Acheter Generic Zetia San Francisco Buy Zetia Original Online Order Cheap Zetia Uae Ou Acheter Du Zetia Achat Generic Zetia Sydney cheap Kamagra Oral Jelly generic Mestinon cheap Apcalis jelly Köpa Risperdal receptfritt generic Zebeta WXr89c Related Posts Dove posso ordinare 500 mg Ceftin / Spediamo con lo SME, Fedex, UPS e Altro / Miglior Rx Online Pharmacy Angola vai comprar lã de rocha portuguesa Avalide 150 mg Sans Prescription – prix le plus bas Massagem sueca pode ajudar a reduzir o nível de cortisol Sconto 800mg Cialis Black – Miglior prezzo e di alta qualità – Negozio online di droga, Grandi sconti 60 mg Priligy For Sale. Cheapest Prices. Best U.S. Online Pharmacy Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Utan Recept Famciclovir 250 mg Inköp :: Bästa Att Beställa... Anterior Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Nation SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Finding Lisa: a story of murders, mysteries, loss, and, incredibly, new life Blue Jays' Kevin Pillar suspended two games for anti-gay slur Harvard student submits rap album as his senior thesis Saudi Arabia will give Trump a royal welcome, ignore his slights Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Vaccine might cut HPV infections in men E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share By Marilynn Marchione Associated Press  May 18, 2017 The HPV vaccine that helps prevent cervical cancer in women also might lower the risk in young men of oral infections that can cause mouth and throat cancers, a new study finds. These cancers are rising fast, especially in men, and research suggests that HPV, the human papillomavirus, is spreading through oral sex. The actor Michael Douglas brought attention to this risk several years ago when he blamed his cancer on it. Advertisement This is the first study of whether the vaccine might prevent oral HPV infections in young men, and the results suggest it can. No men who had received at least one dose were later found to have infections of HPV strains linked to cancer, but more than 2 percent of unvaccinated men had them. ‘‘There may be additional benefits to vaccinating your son or daughter’’ besides the problems the vaccine already is known to prevent, Dr. Maura Gillison of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center said. Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Results were released Wednesday by the American Society of Clinical Oncology ahead of presentation at its annual meeting next month. HPV is very common — most sexually active people have been exposed to it. Some types cause genital warts. Usually, the virus causes no symptoms and goes away, but some people develop long-lasting infections of strains that can cause cancer. The vaccine was approved in 2006 to prevent cervical cancers in women, and later for some others including anal cancer in men. But acceptance has been slow — only about half of those eligible are getting it now, according to the latest information. Advertisement Now, awareness is growing of HPV’s other risks — oral infections are blamed for 70 percent of cancers in the mouth and back of the throat. About 11,600 of these occur each year in the United States, and rates are rising 5 percent per year. They’re four times more common in men than women. There are now more mouth and throat cancers caused by HPV in the United States each year than there are cervical cancers. Oral sex is the main risk factor for getting an HPV infection in the mouth or throat, Gillison said. While ‘‘oral sex does not give you cancer,’’ the infection in rare cases can develop into cancer over many years, she explained. Gillison led the study, funded by the National Cancer Institute, while previously at Ohio State University. Researchers interviewed 2,627 men and women ages 18 to 33 years in a national health study from 2011 to 2014 about whether they had been vaccinated and tested oral rinse samples from them for HPV. Infections with worrisome HPV strains were found in far fewer people who had received any shots — an 88 percent lower risk. The results in men were striking — no infections in the vaccinated group versus 2.13 percent of the others. The study was observational, so it can’t prove the vaccine was responsible. But it might no longer be ethical to do an experiment where one group gets no vaccine because its benefits for preventing other cancers is known. It might be possible to do such a study in people over 26, the age limit now for HPV vaccination, Gillison said. If a benefit were shown, it might lead to expanding the group for whom the vaccine is recommended. The bottom line is that the vaccine helps, and ‘‘so few people who should be getting it are,’’ said Dr. Richard Schilsky, chief medical officer of the oncology society who had no role in the study. ‘There may be additional benefits to vaccinating your son or daughter’ besides what the vaccine already is known to prevent. Scott Courville wishes it existed when he was young. The 43-year-old construction inspector from St. Martinville, La., was treated last year for HPV-related tonsil cancer that spread to lymph nodes. ‘‘I went through 33 rounds of radiation and six rounds of chemotherapy,’’ lost 100 pounds, and now has damaged taste buds and sinuses, and constant ringing in his ears, he said. His three teenaged sons and stepsons are getting the vaccine. ‘‘There was no question at all’’ that they would, only how soon, he said. Tom Jackson also had an HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013, and works to fight stigma over an infection that is largely sexually spread. As a school board trustee in Houston, ‘‘I believe strongly that all children should receive all vaccinations,’’ Jackson said. ‘‘The horror of HPV cancer is tremendous,’’ and not to be ‘‘whitewashed’’ by squeamishness or reluctance to discuss prevention, he said. The vaccines are recommended mostly for young people, ideally before they’re exposed to HPV. Merck’s Gardasil is approved in the United States for females 9 through 26 to prevent cervical, vulvar, vaginal, and anal cancers, and genital warts. For males ages 9 through 26, it’s approved for preventing anal cancer and genital warts. A newer version of Gardasil that includes more HPV virus types is approved for males 9 through 15. GlaxoSmithKline’s Cervarix vaccine is approved for females 9 through 25 to prevent cervical cancer. All require two or three shots, depending on age. Other ways to help prevent oral HPV infections are limiting the number of sex partners and not smoking. Condoms or dental dams might help. Signs and symptoms of mouth and throat cancers may include a long-lasting sore throat, earaches, hoarseness, enlarged lymph nodes, and pain when swallowing. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report nation-world Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Lake County Geauga County Cuyahoga County Ohio Nation & World Crime Weather Traffic Opinion Sports High School Sports Ohio State Cavaliers NFL MLB NBA Business Entertainment TV/Movies Lifestyle Celebrations Neighborhood News County Kids Local Guides Lottery Results Horoscopes Obituaries Browns Indians Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Classifieds Net Me a Job Tools Contact Us Advertise With Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Newsstand Locations E-Paper Mobile Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education Gasbuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â nation-world Vaccine may cut HPV infections, an oral cancer risk, in men Tom Jackson, 65, of Houston, shows where he first noticed a tumor related to his HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013. Jackson spoke from his home on Wednesday. He said doctors told him the cancer could haven taken away his voice. John L. Mone — The Associated Press By Marilynn Marchione, The Associated Press Posted: 05/17/17, 8:08 PM EDT | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments Tom Jackson, 65, of Houston, talks about contracting and surviving HPV-related tonsil cancer, on Wednesday, . Jackson says he’s fighting the stigma associated with that cancer he found four years ago. John L. Mone — The Associated Press The HPV vaccine that helps prevent cervical cancer in women also might lower the risk in young men of oral infections that can cause mouth and throat cancers, a new study finds. These cancers are rising fast, especially in men, and research suggests that HPV, the human papillomavirus, is spreading through oral sex. The actor Michael Douglas brought attention to this risk several years ago when he blamed his cancer on it. This is the first study of whether the vaccine might prevent oral HPV infections in young men, and the results suggest it can. No men who had received at least one dose were later found to have infections of HPV strains linked to cancer, but more than 2 percent of unvaccinated men had them. “There may be additional benefits to vaccinating your son or daughter” besides the problems the vaccine already is known to prevent, said Dr. Maura Gillison of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. Advertisement Results were released Wednesday by the American Society of Clinical Oncology ahead of presentation at its annual meeting next month. THE VIRUS HPV is very common — most sexually active people have been exposed to it. Some types cause genital warts. Usually, the virus causes no symptoms and goes away, but some people develop long-lasting infections of strains that can cause cancer. The vaccine was approved in 2006 to prevent cervical cancers in women, and later, for some others including anal cancer in men. But acceptance has been slow — only about half of those eligible are getting it now, according to the latest information. Now, awareness is growing of HPV’s other risks — oral infections are blamed for 70 percent of cancers in the mouth and back of the throat. About 11,600 of these occur each year in the U.S. and rates are rising 5 percent per year. They’re four times more common in men than women. There are now more mouth and throat cancers caused by HPV in the U.S. each year than there are cervical cancers. Oral sex is the main risk factor for getting an HPV infection in the mouth or throat, Gillison said. While “oral sex does not give you cancer,” the infection in rare cases can develop into cancer over many years, she explained. THE STUDY She led the study, funded by the National Cancer Institute , while previously at Ohio State University. Researchers interviewed 2,627 men and women ages 18 to 33 years in a national health study from 2011 to 2014 about whether they had been vaccinated, and tested oral rinse samples from them for HPV. Infections with worrisome HPV strains were found in far fewer people who had received any shots — an 88 percent lower risk. The results in men were striking — no infections in the vaccinated group versus 2.13 percent of the others. The study was observational, so it can’t prove the vaccine was responsible. But it may no longer be ethical to do an experiment where one group gets no vaccine, because its benefits for preventing other cancers is known. It might be possible to do such a study in people over 26, the age limit now for HPV vaccination, Gillison said. If a benefit were shown, it might lead to expanding the group for whom the vaccine is recommended. The bottom line is that the vaccine helps, and “so few people who should be getting it are,” said Dr. Richard Schilsky, chief medical officer of the oncology society who had no role in the study. WHAT PATIENTS SAY Scott Courville wishes it existed when he was young. The 43-year-old construction inspector from St. Martinville, Louisiana, was treated last year for HPV-related tonsil cancer that spread to lymph nodes. “I went through 33 rounds of radiation and six rounds of chemotherapy,” lost 100 pounds, and now has damaged taste buds and sinuses, and constant ringing in his ears, he said. His three teenaged sons and stepsons are getting the vaccine. “There was no question at all” that they would, only how soon, he said. Tom Jackson also had an HPV-related tonsil cancer, found in 2013, and works to fight stigma over an infection that is largely sexually spread. As a school board trustee in Houston, “I believe strongly that all children should receive all vaccinations,” Jackson said. “The horror of HPV cancer is tremendous,” and not to be “whitewashed” by squeamishness or reluctance to discuss prevention, he said. THE VACCINES The vaccines are recommended mostly for young people, ideally before they’re exposed to HPV. Merck’s Gardasil is approved in the U.S. for females 9 through 26 to prevent cervical, vulvar, vaginal and anal cancers and genital warts. For males ages 9 through 26, it’s approved for preventing anal cancer and genital warts. A newer version of Gardasil that includes more HPV virus types is approved for males 9 through 15. GlaxoSmithKline’s Cervarix vaccine is approved for females 9 through 25 to prevent cervical cancer. All require two or three shots, depending on age. Other ways to help prevent oral HPV infections are limiting the number of sex partners and not smoking. Condoms or dental dams may help. Signs and symptoms of mouth and throat cancers may include a long-lasting sore throat, earaches, hoarseness, enlarged lymph nodes and pain when swallowing. Marilynn Marchione can be followed on Twitter: @MMarchioneAP Subscribe to Home Delivery and SAVE! Top Stories ‹ › Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The News-Herald Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feed Copyright © The News-Herald Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
