Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials Watch Science Connect Events Laboratory Design Conference RD 100 Conference Search Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Guides Companies Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels R&D LDN SC Advertisement Advertisement Drug Pipeline Merck Enters Licensing Agreement for Teijin Pharma's Alzheimer's Candidate Tue, 05/30/2017 - 1:00pm Comments by Merck Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that it has entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Teijin Pharma for the development, manufacture and commercialization of an investigational preclinical antibody candidate targeting the protein tau. Changes in tau are associated with a number of diseases affecting the nervous system, including Alzheimer’s disease (AD). “Securing alliances with leading industry partners is a key part of The Teijin Group strategy,” said Mr. Akihisa Nabeshima, president, Teijin Pharma. “Teijin Pharma believes that Merck’s strong neuroscience expertise makes it well suited to maximize the potential of this candidate.” Under terms of the agreement Merck will have exclusive world-wide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize the anti-tau antibody. In exchange, Merck will make an upfront payment to Teijin Pharma who is also eligible to receive development, regulatory and sales milestone payments. In addition, Teijin Pharma will receive royalties on product sales and retains an option to co-promote an approved product in Japan. “Teijin Pharma scientists have made important progress to advance this investigational anti-tau antibody to this stage of development,” said Darryle Schoepp, vice president, neuroscience discovery, Merck Research Laboratories. “Merck remains committed to developing meaningful therapeutic options for the treatment of Alzheimer’s and other neurological diseases.” The addition of this antibody targeting tau will complement Merck’s portfolio of candidates being investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. This includes [18F]-MK-6240, a tau ligand currently being evaluated as a potential Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging agent for quantifying the brain burden of neurofibrillary tangle pathology in people with AD. Merck is evaluating verubecestat (MK-8931) an investigational small molecule inhibitor of the beta-site amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme 1 (BACE1), in a Phase 3 study of people with prodromal AD (APECS). Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Drug Discovery & Development Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Receives FDA Approval of ISENTRESS HD (raltegravir), a New Once-Daily Option, in Combination with Other Antiretroviral Agents, for the Treatment of HIV-1 Infection in Appropriate Patients KENILWORTH, N.J.–( )–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved ISENTRESS® HD, a new 1200 mg once-daily dose of the company’s integrase inhibitor, ISENTRESS® (raltegravir), to be administered orally as two 600 mg film-coated tablets with or without food, in combination with other antiretroviral agents, for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults, and pediatric patients weighing at least 40 kg, who are treatment-naïve or whose virus has been suppressed on an initial regimen of ISENTRESS 400 mg given twice daily. “ISENTRESS has been used as a component of treatment regimens for patients diagnosed with HIV-1 for almost a decade,” said Dr. Michael S. Saag, associate dean for global health, and director of the Center for AIDS Research at the University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Medicine. “The addition of a convenient once-daily version with a comparable efficacy and safety profile at 48 weeks to the existing twice-daily version of ISENTRESS provides physicians with a new therapeutic option for some patients with HIV-1 infection.” ISENTRESS and ISENTRESS HD do not cure HIV-1 infection or AIDS. Severe, potentially life-threatening and fatal skin reactions have been reported. This includes cases of Stevens-Johnson syndrome, hypersensitivity reaction, and toxic epidermal necrolysis. Immediately discontinue treatment with ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD and other suspect agents if severe hypersensitivity, severe rash, or rash with systemic symptoms or liver aminotransferase elevations develop and monitor clinical status, including liver aminotransferases closely. For more information, see “Selected Safety Information” below. The FDA approval of once-daily ISENTRESS HD (raltegravir) is supported by data from the pivotal Phase 3 ONCEMRK trial. At Week 48, 89 percent (N=531) of treatment-naïve HIV-1 infected patients receiving ISENTRESS HD 1200 mg (2 x 600 mg) once a day achieved viral suppression of HIV-1 RNA <40 copies/mL compared to 88 percent (N=266) of patients receiving ISENTRESS 400 mg twice a day, each in combination therapy with emtricitabine + tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, with a treatment difference of 0.5 percent, and a 95 percent confidence interval of -4.2, 5.2. This was consistent across demographic groups at initiation of therapy and a variety of patient populations, including those with high viral load (HIV-1 RNA >100,000 copies/mL). “Because of improvements in the effectiveness of antiretroviral therapies and with appropriate access to care, HIV infection can now be managed as a chronic disease,” said Carl Schmid, deputy executive director of the AIDS Institute. “For people living with HIV, having a wide range of effective therapies is important because it provides options to fit patients’ individual needs and lifestyles.” In ONCEMRK, through 48 weeks, the rate of discontinuation of therapy due to adverse events was low (1 percent in patients receiving ISENTRESS HD 1200 mg once daily and 2 percent in patients receiving ISENTRESS 400 mg twice daily). There were no drug-related clinical adverse reactions of moderate to severe intensity occurring in ≥2 percent of patients in either treatment group. Clinical adverse reactions of all intensities (mild, moderate, and severe) occurring in ≥2 percent of patients on ISENTRESS HD or ISENTRESS included abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting, and decreased appetite. Treatment-emergent viral mutations leading to any drug resistance were detected in less than 1 percent (4/531) of those treated with ISENTRESS HD once daily. ISENTRESS HD can be co-administered with a wide range of antiretroviral agents and non-antiretroviral agents. The potential for drug-drug interactions must be considered prior to and during therapy. The co-administration of ISENTRESS HD with aluminum and/or magnesium-containing antacids, calcium carbonate antacids, rifampin, tipranavir/ritonavir, etravirine, and other strong inducers of drug metabolizing enzymes (e.g., carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and phenytoin) is not recommended. “ISENTRESS HD exemplifies Merck’s unwavering commitment to innovation in HIV therapy, and we are pleased to be able to offer this option to a broad range of appropriate adult and pediatric patients weighing at least 40 kg who are living with HIV,” said Dr. Eliav Barr, senior vice president, global clinical development, infectious diseases and vaccines, Merck Research Laboratories. The price of ISENTRESS HD will be the same as ISENTRESS twice daily. Merck anticipates ISENTRESS HD to be available in pharmacies in approximately four weeks. About ONCEMRK The ONCEMRK study is an ongoing Phase 3 multicenter, double-blind, randomized, active comparator-controlled clinical trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of once-daily ISENTRESS HD 1200 mg, given as two 600 mg oral tablets, compared to twice-daily ISENTRESS 400 mg, each in combination therapy with emtricitabine + tenofovir disoproxil fumarate in previously untreated adults with HIV-1 infection with HIV-1 RNA ≥1000 copies/mL. The primary efficacy objective was the proportion of patients achieving HIV-1 RNA <40 copies/mL at Week 48. Selected Safety Information about ISENTRESS HD (raltegravir) and ISENTRESS (raltegravir) Immune reconstitution syndrome can occur, including the occurrence of autoimmune disorders with variable time to onset, which may necessitate further evaluation and treatment. ISENTRESS chewable tablets contain phenylalanine, a component of aspartame, which may be harmful to patients with phenylketonuria. Co-administration of ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD with drugs that induce uridine diphosphate glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) 1A1 may result in reduced plasma concentrations of raltegravir. Co-administration of ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD with drugs that inhibit UGT1A1 may increase plasma levels of raltegravir. Co-administration of ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD and other drugs may alter the plasma concentration of raltegravir. The potential for drug-drug interactions must be considered prior to and during therapy. Co-administration or staggered administration of aluminum and/or magnesium hydroxide-containing antacids and ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD is not recommended. Co-administration of ISENTRESS HD with calcium carbonate antacids, tipranavir/ritonavir, or etravirine is also not recommended. During co-administration with rifampin, the recommended dosage of ISENTRESS in adults is 800 mg twice daily. Rifampin, a strong inducer of UGT1A1, reduces plasma concentrations of ISENTRESS. There are no data to guide co-administration of ISENTRESS with rifampin in patients below 18 years of age. Co-administration with rifampin is not recommended with ISENTRESS HD. The impact of other strong inducers of drug metabolizing enzymes on raltegravir is unknown (e.g., Carbamazepine, Phenobarbital, and Phenytoin). Co-administration of ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD with other strong inducers is not recommended. About ISENTRESS (raltegravir) Approved in 2007, ISENTRESS was the first integrase inhibitor developed for the treatment of HIV-1 infection. ISENTRESS is one of the regimen options recommended by the Department of Health and Human Services – in combination with other antiretroviral agents – as a first-line therapy in treatment-naïve HIV-1 infected adults. ISENTRESS chewable tablets and oral suspension, each in combination therapy, are approved to treat pediatric patients aged at least four weeks of age, and weighing less than 20 kg. ISENTRESS works by inhibiting the insertion of HIV-1 DNA into human DNA by the integrase enzyme and has demonstrated rapid antiviral activity. Inhibiting integrase from performing this essential function limits the ability of the virus to replicate and infect new cells. ISENTRESS is approved as part of combination therapy in 112 countries for treatment of HIV-1 infection in adult patients. ISENTRESS, in combination therapy, for use in children and adolescents with HIV-1 aged two years and older has also been approved for use in 69 countries, and ISENTRESS oral suspension for infants at least four weeks of age is approved for use in 33 countries. Selected Safety Information about ISENTRESS HD (raltegravir) and ISENTRESS (raltegravir) Continued The most commonly reported (≥2 percent) drug-related clinical adverse reactions of moderate to severe intensity in treatment-naïve adult patients receiving ISENTRESS compared with efavirenz were headache (4 percent vs. 5 percent), insomnia (4 percent vs. 4 percent), nausea (3 percent vs. 4 percent), dizziness (2 percent vs. 6 percent), and fatigue (2 percent vs. 3 percent), respectively. The most commonly reported (≥2 percent) clinical adverse reactions of all intensities (Mild, Moderate, and Severe) in treatment-naïve adult patients receiving ISENTRESS HD compared with ISENTRESS through 48 weeks included abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting, and decreased appetite. Intensities were defined as follows: Mild (awareness of sign or symptom, but easily tolerated); Moderate (discomfort enough to cause interference with usual activity); or Severe (incapacitating with inability to work or do usual activity). Grade 2–4 creatine kinase laboratory abnormalities were observed in subjects treated with ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD. Myopathy and rhabdomyolysis have been reported with ISENTRESS. Use with caution in patients at increased risk of myopathy or rhabdomyolysis, such as patients receiving concomitant medications known to cause these conditions and patients with a history of rhabdomyolysis, myopathy, or increased serum creatine kinase. There is a pregnancy exposure registry that monitors pregnancy outcomes in women exposed to ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD during pregnancy. Healthcare providers are encouraged to register patients by calling the Antiretroviral Pregnancy Registry (APR) at 1-800-258-4263. Women infected with HIV-1 should be instructed not to breastfeed if they are receiving ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD due to the potential for HIV transmission. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on , , Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Microbial Fertilizer Market 2017 Antibiotice, Biomax, Labiofam, Novozymes, Symborg, Agri Life Next PostNext IoT Tech Expo : les principaux conférenciers de T-Systems, Microsoft, Sigfox, Coca-Cola, Lufthansa, Nestlé, BMW & Visa sont prêts pour le plus grand salon IdO d’Europe – Ouverture cette semaine ! Search Recent Posts How to Find the Best Memory Foam Mattress for You Holly Clegg appears on The 700 Club, CBN, with Eating Well To Fight Arthritis cookbook for National Thujopsene Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Heavy Duty Caster Manufacturer, Caster Concepts, Offers Drive Caster Packages Supersoul AudioVidz App Puts Intuitive Playlist Technology in the Hands of People Everywhere Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
A- A+ only search openDemocracy.net About Submit Login or Register openDemocracy About NorthAfricaWestAsia openGlobalRights Human rights and the internet Shine A Light CanEuropeMakeIt? oD-UK About Donate OurNHS New Economics OurBeeb openJustice Civil Society Futures oDR About Beyond propaganda Cultural politics Green Eurasia Migration matters Rights for all Uncivil society oD 50.50 Gender Politics Religion Women, Peace & Security People on the Move Our Africa AIDS Gender & Human Rights More democraciaAbierta Quiénes somos Consejo Asesor Calidad Democratica Experimentación Política Violencias BeyondSlavery Transformation Activism Economics Intersectionality Nonviolence Culture Love and Spirit Environment Care More Politics & Parliaments Drug policy digitaLiberties Mediterranean journeys in hope openSecurity openMovements openDemocracy oD UK oDR oD 50.50 democraciaAbierta Transformation ourBeeb About us Can Europe Make It? North Africa West Asia openGlobalRights Beyond Slavery Shine A Light OurNHS DigitaLiberties Support us→ Ebola strikes back in the DRC Amanda Clarkson 30 May 2017 Western governments need to realise that to completely rely on the for-profit pharmaceutical sector to drive the process to develop vaccines will be disastrous for public health. ECHO Flight transports aid workers and medical supplies to Ebola outbreak in DRC, May 2017. European Commission/Flickr. Some rights reserved.Just when you thought it was safe to go back to the African subcontinent, Ebola strikes back. The World Health Organisation (WHO) confirmed that a new outbreak of the disease had occurred in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) on May 12th. On May 21st, it revealed that a fourth person – one of the 43 believed to have been affected and the 400 now being tracked as potential patients – was believed to have died as a result of the virus. However, unlike the chaos that surrounded the first Ebola outbreak, the authorities seem largely in control.  Despite the significant logistical challenge of getting the right medical help deep into the jungles of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Matshidiso Rebecca Moeti, the WHO Regional Director for Africa says that she is “optimistic” that the outbreak can be halted quickly. She also notes that WHO Africa has learned lessons from the last outbreak to become a “more responsive, accountable, effective and transparent organization”.    And of course, this time, doctors are coming armed with the rVSV-ZEBOV vaccine candidate, developed by pharmaceutical giant Merck. The drug is slated to be 100% effective against one of the five strands of the virus and has demonstrated “compelling results” in previous trials, but it has not been licensed yet. Undeterred by this minor detail, the WHO has 300,000 doses on hand and Moeti has indicated that the WHO “could potentially mount a campaign within a week if all of the conditions are met and personnel, financing and logistics are in place.” And on May 23rd, the DRC submitted a formal vaccine trial protocol to an ethical review board, the first step towards deploying the vaccine.  A damp squib in the fight against Ebola? Recent reports have cast a long shadow over Merck’s vaccine. Indeed, the US National Academy of Medicine has challenged the methodology of the 4160-patient clinical trial and made the lukewarm statement that while the vaccine “most likely provides some protection to recipients,” the protection “could in reality be quite low”. Not only is the vaccine ineffective against four strands of the Ebola virus, but also it might be altogether useless on people with compromised immune systems (HIV positive) or pregnant women.  Beyond raising questions about the way treatments are developed for infectious diseases with public and private funds, rVSV-ZEBOV’s fate seems to parallel another boom-bust: the experimental drug ZMapp. Despite being one of the most sought-after drugs at the height of the Ebola crisis and seen by many as having already been responsible for saving lives, ZMapp has narrowly missed the statistical threshold that researchers have set to prove the drug’s effectiveness. For this reason, the authors of a study conducted by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases concede that ZMapp has probably lost its chance to prove its worth as an Ebola treatment. Therefore, future clinical trials would be better off focusing on “one of a small number of other promising, but unproven, treatments that have emerged since the beginning of the recent crisis.”  Luckily, the Merck vaccine is just one of several candidates now in different phases of development. Among the most promising is GSK’s cAd3-ZEBOV vaccine, with the company touting “very encouraging” findings after the first tests, albeit with the caveat that it will only be available in the second half of 2018. And earlier in May, scientists at New York’s Albert Einstein College of Medicine have also indicated that they have identified two antibodies  – ADI-15878 and ADI-15742  – that they believe will be able to thwart the five known Ebola viruses.  Johnson and Johnson is developing a 2-dose vaccination approach, while China has also thrown down the gauntlet and is working on the Ad5-EBOV vaccine, based on work done by a Chinese military research unit. Another promising candidate comes from an unlikely source – Guinea. Russian scientists working in a medical research centre built by the aluminium company UC Rusal in the country have devised a vaccine, the Gam-Evak-Kombi, which claims to be 100% effective. After the recent Ebola outbreak in the DRC, Moscow started shipping the drug to Guinea in case the DRC outbreak expands. States to the rescue With so many vaccines in the works, one would be forgiven for thinking that the lessons of 2014, when Ebola claimed 11,000 lives, were learned. In actuality, up until 2014, treating such diseases had usually been the remit of national governments  - like the US, Canada, the UK, China or Russia - as the scale of previous outbreaks of infectious diseases was never sufficient to justify billions being invested by profit-driven private pharmaceutical companies.  And Ebola isn’t going to be the health challenge that leads them to change their ways. Writing in The Independent, Oxford University’s Professor Adrian Hill observes that there was never a real business case for the Ebola vaccine “because of the nature of the outbreak…because of the number of people likely to be affected was, until now, thought to be very small and [because] the people affected are in some of the poorest countries in the world and can't afford to pay for a new vaccine."  In short, thousands died due to a “market failure”, as the WHO’s outgoing Director Margaret Chan, once said. This is borne out by the fact that the work to create a vaccine actually started 10 years ago. But the research stalled at the Phase One clinical trial juncture due to a lack of funding. Only when the recent outbreak started did interest in the vaccine resurface.  Western governments need to realise that to completely rely on the for-profit pharmaceutical sector to drive the process to develop vaccines is to accept that only drugs that have a lucrative market will ever be developed. As the Ebola crisis proved, this is disastrous for public health. Governments need to change their approach and understand they need to invest significantly larger sums in prevention and vaccines. The pharma sector won’t change, so they will have to. About the author Amanda Clarkson holds an MA in Global Development from the University of Leeds and has worked in West Africa as a development consultant in education. She is currently based in London as a consultant in development policy. She is a regular contributor to the International Policy Digest. Related Articles Ebola: exposing the failure of international development Amber Huff Ebola, human rights, and poverty – making the links Alicia Ely Yamin Related Articles Ebola: exposing the failure of international development Amber Huff Ebola, human rights, and poverty – making the links Alicia Ely Yamin  This article is published under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International licence. If you have any queries about republishing please contact us. Please check individual images for licensing details. We encourage anyone to comment, please consult the oD commenting guidelines if you have any questions. View the discussion thread. Highlights The human cost of global drug policy What are the alternatives to prohibition? So, is it a refugee crisis? It's a crisis of values and solidarity The sexual politics of meat A normalised and naturalised violence New thinking for the British economy An openDemocracy-UK debate Kremlinology: an intervention Examining Russia 'from below' ‘A training in violence’ The connecting line between France’s ‘war on drugs’ and jihadism Sound the trumpet A long period of resistance lies ahead Trump’s victory: time for action We must avoid the easy answers and evasions that got us here Amidst Trumpian disorder, China eyes up its opportunity Will China prosper in the era of president Trump? Elites, right wing populism, and the left The left must reclaim its ideology The Daily Mail takes power Where does Theresa May's ideology come from? Previous Pause Next Most Popular What Corbyn’s debate victory tells us about bias in the British media Des Freedman Is language as we know it still relevant for the digital age? Pavlo Shopin How to culture jam a populist in four easy steps Andrés Miguel Rondón Global connectivity and personal disconnect: filter bubbles and the collapse of public discourse Richard Raber and Francesco Fanti Rovetta No, the link between terrorism and our foreign policy isn’t simple. But Jeremy Corbyn is basically right. Gilbert Ramsay openDemocracy on Twitter Tweets about "opendemocracy" openDemocracy About Submit Team Supporters What they say Contact Jobs Privacy Licensing & Syndication Advertise Media Inquiries Vacancies RSS Feed Sections openDemocracy Free thinking for the world openDemocracy UK Investigating the crisis of democracy in Britain oDR Russia and beyond 50.50 Critical perspectives: social justice, gender, pluralism DemocraciaAbierta Global platform for Latin American voices Transformation Where love meets social justice Most Popular What Corbyn’s debate victory tells us about bias in the British media Des Freedman Is language as we know it still relevant for the digital age? Pavlo Shopin How to culture jam a populist in four easy steps Andrés Miguel Rondón Global connectivity and personal disconnect: filter bubbles and the collapse of public discourse Richard Raber and Francesco Fanti Rovetta No, the link between terrorism and our foreign policy isn’t simple. But Jeremy Corbyn is basically right. Gilbert Ramsay Recent comments
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Highlights Ongoing Commitment to Fighting Infectious Diseases With More than 20 Data Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that researchers are scheduled to provide more than 20 scientific data presentations on the company’s established and investigational infectious disease medicines at the American Society for Microbiology’s ASM Microbe 2017 meeting in New Orleans, June 1-5. “At Merck, we remain deeply committed to developing medicines and vaccines that prevent and treat serious infectious diseases to help address some of the most pressing public health threats in the world today,” said Dr. Joan Butterton, executive director and section head for antibacterials/CMV, infectious disease clinical research, Merck Research Laboratories. “We also continue to collaborate with researchers, clinicians and other stakeholders worldwide to provide important surveillance data and to advocate for responsible use of anti-infectives.” Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 will include new analyses of data from the pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of letermovir, Merck’s investigational antiviral medicine for prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection or disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). Researchers also will present real-world susceptibility data as well as data on the in vitro activity of ZERBAXA. ZERBAXA® 1.5 g (ceftolozane 1 g and tazobactam 0.5 g) is indicated for the treatment of adults with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, and in combination with metronidazole, complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by designated susceptible Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Other studies to be presented include data on the in vitro activity of relebactam, Merck’s investigational beta-lactamase inhibitor, in combination with imipenem/cilastatin (an approved carbapenem antibiotic), collected as part of the SMART (Study for Monitoring Antimicrobial Resistance Trends) surveillance program. SMART was initiated by Merck in 2002 to monitor the in vitro susceptibility of clinical isolates to several commonly used antibiotics in different regions of the world to monitor changing trends in antibiotic susceptibility. Bacterial samples have been collected and characterized from patients with intra-abdominal, urinary tract and lower-respiratory tract infections. Select data presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 include: Letermovir Exposure-Response Analysis of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Patients, M. Prohn Oral Presentation 4, 11:30 – 11:45 a.m., Monday, June 5, Room 217) Population Pharmacokinetcs (POPPK) of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Recipients, A. Viberg (Poster 376, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) Balanced Diversity of CMV DNA Sequences in a Clinical Study of Letermovir (MK-8228), C. M. Douglas (Poster 380, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Antimicrobial Activity of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam Tested against Contemporary (2014-2016) Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolates from US Hospitals, D. Shortridge (Poster 50, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam (C/T) to Pseudomonas aeruginosa Clinical Isolates in Hospitalized Patients: A Multicenter Evaluation, J. M. Pogue (Poster 75, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam against Isolates Collected from Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Patients in US Hospitals from 2014-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 76, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Global Surveillance: Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazbactam against Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. and Escherichia coli Isolates Collected in Asia Pacific, North and Latin America, and Europe from 2011-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 29, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m., Saturday, June 3, Exhibit Hall D) Imipenem/Relebactam In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 44, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae and Pseudomonas aeruginosa from Latin America – SMART 2015, R. Badal (Poster 45, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against P. aeruginosa from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 49, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) For more information, including a complete list of presentation titles, please visit the ASM Microbe 2017 website at www.ASM.org. Merck’s commitment to infectious diseases For more than 80 years, Merck has contributed to the discovery and development of novel medicines and vaccines to combat infectious diseases. In addition to a combined portfolio of antibiotic and antifungal medicines, vaccines, and medicines for HIV and HCV, Merck has multiple programs that span discovery through late-stage development. Merck currently has nine compounds in Phase 2/Phase 3 clinical trials for the potential treatment or prevention of infectious diseases. About ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) ZERBAXA is an antibacterial combination product for intravenous infusion consisting of the cephalosporin antibacterial drug ceftolozane sulfate and the beta-lactamase inhibitor tazobactam sodium. ZERBAXA is approved in the United States and is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, caused by the following Gram-negative microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. ZERBAXA used in combination with metronidazole is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by the following Gram-negative and Gram-positive microorganisms: Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Bacteroides fragilis, Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus constellatus, and Streptococcus salivarius. To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of ZERBAXA and other antibacterial drugs, ZERBAXA should be used only to treat infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. When culture and susceptibility information are available, they should be considered in selecting or modifying antibacterial therapy. In the absence of such data, local epidemiology and susceptibility patterns may contribute to the empiric selection of therapy. Important Safety Information about ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Patients with renal impairment: Decreased efficacy of ZERBAXA has been observed in patients with baseline CrCl of 30 to ≤50 mL/min. In a clinical trial, patients with cIAIs with CrCl >50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 85.2% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 87.9% when treated with meropenem. In the same trial, patients with CrCl 30 to ≤50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 47.8% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 69.2% when treated with meropenem. A similar trend was also seen in the cUTI trial. Monitor CrCl at least daily in patients with changing renal function and adjust the dose of ZERBAXA accordingly. Hypersensitivity: ZERBAXA is contraindicated in patients with known serious hypersensitivity to ceftolozane/tazobactam, piperacillin/tazobactam, or other members of the beta-lactam class. Serious and occasionally fatal hypersensitivity (anaphylactic) reactions have been reported in patients receiving beta-lactam antibacterials. Before initiating therapy with ZERBAXA, make careful inquiry about previous hypersensitivity reactions to cephalosporins, penicillins, or other beta-lactams. If an anaphylactic reaction to ZERBAXA occurs, discontinue use and institute appropriate therapy. Clostridium difficile–associated diarrhea (CDAD), ranging from mild diarrhea to fatal colitis, has been reported with nearly all systemic antibacterial agents, including ZERBAXA. Careful medical history is necessary because CDAD has been reported to occur more than two months after the administration of antibacterial agents. If CDAD is confirmed, antibacterial use not directed against C. difficile should be discontinued, if possible. Development of drug-resistant bacteria: Prescribing ZERBAXA in the absence of a proven or strongly suspected bacterial infection is unlikely to provide benefit to the patient and increases the risk of the development of drug-resistant bacteria. Adverse reactions: The most common adverse reactions occurring in ≥5% of patients were headache (5.8%) in the cUTI trial, and nausea (7.9%), diarrhea (6.2%) and pyrexia (5.6%) in the cIAI trial. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zerbaxa/zerbaxa_pi.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Milacron Completes Successful Showing at Chinaplas 2017; Focuses on Industry Leading Injection Machine Technologies Next PostNext Internet of Things Inc. Enters Joint Venture Agreement With Chinese Global Conglomerate New Hope Group Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Highlights Ongoing Commitment to Fighting Infectious Diseases With More than 20 Data Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that researchers are scheduled to provide more than 20 scientific data presentations on the company’s established and investigational infectious disease medicines at the American Society for Microbiology’s ASM Microbe 2017 meeting in New Orleans, June 1-5. “At Merck, we remain deeply committed to developing medicines and vaccines that prevent and treat serious infectious diseases to help address some of the most pressing public health threats in the world today,” said Dr. Joan Butterton, executive director and section head for antibacterials/CMV, infectious disease clinical research, Merck Research Laboratories. “We also continue to collaborate with researchers, clinicians and other stakeholders worldwide to provide important surveillance data and to advocate for responsible use of anti-infectives.” Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 will include new analyses of data from the pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of letermovir, Merck’s investigational antiviral medicine for prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection or disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). Researchers also will present real-world susceptibility data as well as data on the in vitro activity of ZERBAXA. ZERBAXA® 1.5 g (ceftolozane 1 g and tazobactam 0.5 g) is indicated for the treatment of adults with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, and in combination with metronidazole, complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by designated susceptible Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Other studies to be presented include data on the in vitro activity of relebactam, Merck’s investigational beta-lactamase inhibitor, in combination with imipenem/cilastatin (an approved carbapenem antibiotic), collected as part of the SMART (Study for Monitoring Antimicrobial Resistance Trends) surveillance program. SMART was initiated by Merck in 2002 to monitor the in vitro susceptibility of clinical isolates to several commonly used antibiotics in different regions of the world to monitor changing trends in antibiotic susceptibility. Bacterial samples have been collected and characterized from patients with intra-abdominal, urinary tract and lower-respiratory tract infections. Select data presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 include: Letermovir Exposure-Response Analysis of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Patients, M. Prohn Oral Presentation 4, 11:30 – 11:45 a.m., Monday, June 5, Room 217) Population Pharmacokinetcs (POPPK) of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Recipients, A. Viberg (Poster 376, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) Balanced Diversity of CMV DNA Sequences in a Clinical Study of Letermovir (MK-8228), C. M. Douglas (Poster 380, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Antimicrobial Activity of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam Tested against Contemporary (2014-2016) Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolates from US Hospitals, D. Shortridge (Poster 50, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam (C/T) to Pseudomonas aeruginosa Clinical Isolates in Hospitalized Patients: A Multicenter Evaluation, J. M. Pogue (Poster 75, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam against Isolates Collected from Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Patients in US Hospitals from 2014-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 76, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Global Surveillance: Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazbactam against Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. and Escherichia coli Isolates Collected in Asia Pacific, North and Latin America, and Europe from 2011-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 29, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m., Saturday, June 3, Exhibit Hall D) Imipenem/Relebactam In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 44, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae and Pseudomonas aeruginosa from Latin America – SMART 2015, R. Badal (Poster 45, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against P. aeruginosa from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 49, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) For more information, including a complete list of presentation titles, please visit the ASM Microbe 2017 website at www.ASM.org. Merck’s commitment to infectious diseases For more than 80 years, Merck has contributed to the discovery and development of novel medicines and vaccines to combat infectious diseases. In addition to a combined portfolio of antibiotic and antifungal medicines, vaccines, and medicines for HIV and HCV, Merck has multiple programs that span discovery through late-stage development. Merck currently has nine compounds in Phase 2/Phase 3 clinical trials for the potential treatment or prevention of infectious diseases. About ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) ZERBAXA is an antibacterial combination product for intravenous infusion consisting of the cephalosporin antibacterial drug ceftolozane sulfate and the beta-lactamase inhibitor tazobactam sodium. ZERBAXA is approved in the United States and is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, caused by the following Gram-negative microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. ZERBAXA used in combination with metronidazole is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by the following Gram-negative and Gram-positive microorganisms: Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Bacteroides fragilis, Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus constellatus, and Streptococcus salivarius. To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of ZERBAXA and other antibacterial drugs, ZERBAXA should be used only to treat infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. When culture and susceptibility information are available, they should be considered in selecting or modifying antibacterial therapy. In the absence of such data, local epidemiology and susceptibility patterns may contribute to the empiric selection of therapy. Important Safety Information about ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Patients with renal impairment: Decreased efficacy of ZERBAXA has been observed in patients with baseline CrCl of 30 to ≤50 mL/min. In a clinical trial, patients with cIAIs with CrCl >50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 85.2% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 87.9% when treated with meropenem. In the same trial, patients with CrCl 30 to ≤50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 47.8% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 69.2% when treated with meropenem. A similar trend was also seen in the cUTI trial. Monitor CrCl at least daily in patients with changing renal function and adjust the dose of ZERBAXA accordingly. Hypersensitivity: ZERBAXA is contraindicated in patients with known serious hypersensitivity to ceftolozane/tazobactam, piperacillin/tazobactam, or other members of the beta-lactam class. Serious and occasionally fatal hypersensitivity (anaphylactic) reactions have been reported in patients receiving beta-lactam antibacterials. Before initiating therapy with ZERBAXA, make careful inquiry about previous hypersensitivity reactions to cephalosporins, penicillins, or other beta-lactams. If an anaphylactic reaction to ZERBAXA occurs, discontinue use and institute appropriate therapy. Clostridium difficile–associated diarrhea (CDAD), ranging from mild diarrhea to fatal colitis, has been reported with nearly all systemic antibacterial agents, including ZERBAXA. Careful medical history is necessary because CDAD has been reported to occur more than two months after the administration of antibacterial agents. If CDAD is confirmed, antibacterial use not directed against C. difficile should be discontinued, if possible. Development of drug-resistant bacteria: Prescribing ZERBAXA in the absence of a proven or strongly suspected bacterial infection is unlikely to provide benefit to the patient and increases the risk of the development of drug-resistant bacteria. Adverse reactions: The most common adverse reactions occurring in ≥5% of patients were headache (5.8%) in the cUTI trial, and nausea (7.9%), diarrhea (6.2%) and pyrexia (5.6%) in the cIAI trial. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zerbaxa/zerbaxa_pi.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Milacron Completes Successful Showing at Chinaplas 2017; Focuses on Industry Leading Injection Machine Technologies Next PostNext Internet of Things Inc. Enters Joint Venture Agreement With Chinese Global Conglomerate New Hope Group Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Highlights Ongoing Commitment to Fighting Infectious Diseases With More than 20 Data Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that researchers are scheduled to provide more than 20 scientific data presentations on the company’s established and investigational infectious disease medicines at the American Society for Microbiology’s ASM Microbe 2017 meeting in New Orleans, June 1-5. “At Merck, we remain deeply committed to developing medicines and vaccines that prevent and treat serious infectious diseases to help address some of the most pressing public health threats in the world today,” said Dr. Joan Butterton, executive director and section head for antibacterials/CMV, infectious disease clinical research, Merck Research Laboratories. “We also continue to collaborate with researchers, clinicians and other stakeholders worldwide to provide important surveillance data and to advocate for responsible use of anti-infectives.” Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 will include new analyses of data from the pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of letermovir, Merck’s investigational antiviral medicine for prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection or disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). Researchers also will present real-world susceptibility data as well as data on the in vitro activity of ZERBAXA. ZERBAXA® 1.5 g (ceftolozane 1 g and tazobactam 0.5 g) is indicated for the treatment of adults with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, and in combination with metronidazole, complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by designated susceptible Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Other studies to be presented include data on the in vitro activity of relebactam, Merck’s investigational beta-lactamase inhibitor, in combination with imipenem/cilastatin (an approved carbapenem antibiotic), collected as part of the SMART (Study for Monitoring Antimicrobial Resistance Trends) surveillance program. SMART was initiated by Merck in 2002 to monitor the in vitro susceptibility of clinical isolates to several commonly used antibiotics in different regions of the world to monitor changing trends in antibiotic susceptibility. Bacterial samples have been collected and characterized from patients with intra-abdominal, urinary tract and lower-respiratory tract infections. Select data presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 include: Letermovir Exposure-Response Analysis of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Patients, M. Prohn Oral Presentation 4, 11:30 – 11:45 a.m., Monday, June 5, Room 217) Population Pharmacokinetcs (POPPK) of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Recipients, A. Viberg (Poster 376, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) Balanced Diversity of CMV DNA Sequences in a Clinical Study of Letermovir (MK-8228), C. M. Douglas (Poster 380, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Antimicrobial Activity of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam Tested against Contemporary (2014-2016) Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolates from US Hospitals, D. Shortridge (Poster 50, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam (C/T) to Pseudomonas aeruginosa Clinical Isolates in Hospitalized Patients: A Multicenter Evaluation, J. M. Pogue (Poster 75, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam against Isolates Collected from Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Patients in US Hospitals from 2014-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 76, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Global Surveillance: Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazbactam against Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. and Escherichia coli Isolates Collected in Asia Pacific, North and Latin America, and Europe from 2011-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 29, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m., Saturday, June 3, Exhibit Hall D) Imipenem/Relebactam In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 44, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae and Pseudomonas aeruginosa from Latin America – SMART 2015, R. Badal (Poster 45, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against P. aeruginosa from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 49, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) For more information, including a complete list of presentation titles, please visit the ASM Microbe 2017 website at www.ASM.org. Merck’s commitment to infectious diseases For more than 80 years, Merck has contributed to the discovery and development of novel medicines and vaccines to combat infectious diseases. In addition to a combined portfolio of antibiotic and antifungal medicines, vaccines, and medicines for HIV and HCV, Merck has multiple programs that span discovery through late-stage development. Merck currently has nine compounds in Phase 2/Phase 3 clinical trials for the potential treatment or prevention of infectious diseases. About ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) ZERBAXA is an antibacterial combination product for intravenous infusion consisting of the cephalosporin antibacterial drug ceftolozane sulfate and the beta-lactamase inhibitor tazobactam sodium. ZERBAXA is approved in the United States and is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, caused by the following Gram-negative microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. ZERBAXA used in combination with metronidazole is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by the following Gram-negative and Gram-positive microorganisms: Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Bacteroides fragilis, Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus constellatus, and Streptococcus salivarius. To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of ZERBAXA and other antibacterial drugs, ZERBAXA should be used only to treat infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. When culture and susceptibility information are available, they should be considered in selecting or modifying antibacterial therapy. In the absence of such data, local epidemiology and susceptibility patterns may contribute to the empiric selection of therapy. Important Safety Information about ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Patients with renal impairment: Decreased efficacy of ZERBAXA has been observed in patients with baseline CrCl of 30 to ≤50 mL/min. In a clinical trial, patients with cIAIs with CrCl >50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 85.2% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 87.9% when treated with meropenem. In the same trial, patients with CrCl 30 to ≤50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 47.8% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 69.2% when treated with meropenem. A similar trend was also seen in the cUTI trial. Monitor CrCl at least daily in patients with changing renal function and adjust the dose of ZERBAXA accordingly. Hypersensitivity: ZERBAXA is contraindicated in patients with known serious hypersensitivity to ceftolozane/tazobactam, piperacillin/tazobactam, or other members of the beta-lactam class. Serious and occasionally fatal hypersensitivity (anaphylactic) reactions have been reported in patients receiving beta-lactam antibacterials. Before initiating therapy with ZERBAXA, make careful inquiry about previous hypersensitivity reactions to cephalosporins, penicillins, or other beta-lactams. If an anaphylactic reaction to ZERBAXA occurs, discontinue use and institute appropriate therapy. Clostridium difficile–associated diarrhea (CDAD), ranging from mild diarrhea to fatal colitis, has been reported with nearly all systemic antibacterial agents, including ZERBAXA. Careful medical history is necessary because CDAD has been reported to occur more than two months after the administration of antibacterial agents. If CDAD is confirmed, antibacterial use not directed against C. difficile should be discontinued, if possible. Development of drug-resistant bacteria: Prescribing ZERBAXA in the absence of a proven or strongly suspected bacterial infection is unlikely to provide benefit to the patient and increases the risk of the development of drug-resistant bacteria. Adverse reactions: The most common adverse reactions occurring in ≥5% of patients were headache (5.8%) in the cUTI trial, and nausea (7.9%), diarrhea (6.2%) and pyrexia (5.6%) in the cIAI trial. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zerbaxa/zerbaxa_pi.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Milacron Completes Successful Showing at Chinaplas 2017; Focuses on Industry Leading Injection Machine Technologies Next PostNext Internet of Things Inc. Enters Joint Venture Agreement With Chinese Global Conglomerate New Hope Group Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Highlights Ongoing Commitment to Fighting Infectious Diseases With More than 20 Data Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that researchers are scheduled to provide more than 20 scientific data presentations on the company’s established and investigational infectious disease medicines at the American Society for Microbiology’s ASM Microbe 2017 meeting in New Orleans, June 1-5. “At Merck, we remain deeply committed to developing medicines and vaccines that prevent and treat serious infectious diseases to help address some of the most pressing public health threats in the world today,” said Dr. Joan Butterton, executive director and section head for antibacterials/CMV, infectious disease clinical research, Merck Research Laboratories. “We also continue to collaborate with researchers, clinicians and other stakeholders worldwide to provide important surveillance data and to advocate for responsible use of anti-infectives.” Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 will include new analyses of data from the pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of letermovir, Merck’s investigational antiviral medicine for prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection or disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). Researchers also will present real-world susceptibility data as well as data on the in vitro activity of ZERBAXA. ZERBAXA® 1.5 g (ceftolozane 1 g and tazobactam 0.5 g) is indicated for the treatment of adults with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, and in combination with metronidazole, complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by designated susceptible Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Other studies to be presented include data on the in vitro activity of relebactam, Merck’s investigational beta-lactamase inhibitor, in combination with imipenem/cilastatin (an approved carbapenem antibiotic), collected as part of the SMART (Study for Monitoring Antimicrobial Resistance Trends) surveillance program. SMART was initiated by Merck in 2002 to monitor the in vitro susceptibility of clinical isolates to several commonly used antibiotics in different regions of the world to monitor changing trends in antibiotic susceptibility. Bacterial samples have been collected and characterized from patients with intra-abdominal, urinary tract and lower-respiratory tract infections. Select data presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 include: Letermovir Exposure-Response Analysis of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Patients, M. Prohn Oral Presentation 4, 11:30 – 11:45 a.m., Monday, June 5, Room 217) Population Pharmacokinetcs (POPPK) of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Recipients, A. Viberg (Poster 376, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) Balanced Diversity of CMV DNA Sequences in a Clinical Study of Letermovir (MK-8228), C. M. Douglas (Poster 380, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Antimicrobial Activity of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam Tested against Contemporary (2014-2016) Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolates from US Hospitals, D. Shortridge (Poster 50, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam (C/T) to Pseudomonas aeruginosa Clinical Isolates in Hospitalized Patients: A Multicenter Evaluation, J. M. Pogue (Poster 75, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam against Isolates Collected from Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Patients in US Hospitals from 2014-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 76, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Global Surveillance: Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazbactam against Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. and Escherichia coli Isolates Collected in Asia Pacific, North and Latin America, and Europe from 2011-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 29, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m., Saturday, June 3, Exhibit Hall D) Imipenem/Relebactam In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 44, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae and Pseudomonas aeruginosa from Latin America – SMART 2015, R. Badal (Poster 45, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against P. aeruginosa from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 49, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) For more information, including a complete list of presentation titles, please visit the ASM Microbe 2017 website at www.ASM.org. Merck’s commitment to infectious diseases For more than 80 years, Merck has contributed to the discovery and development of novel medicines and vaccines to combat infectious diseases. In addition to a combined portfolio of antibiotic and antifungal medicines, vaccines, and medicines for HIV and HCV, Merck has multiple programs that span discovery through late-stage development. Merck currently has nine compounds in Phase 2/Phase 3 clinical trials for the potential treatment or prevention of infectious diseases. About ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) ZERBAXA is an antibacterial combination product for intravenous infusion consisting of the cephalosporin antibacterial drug ceftolozane sulfate and the beta-lactamase inhibitor tazobactam sodium. ZERBAXA is approved in the United States and is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, caused by the following Gram-negative microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. ZERBAXA used in combination with metronidazole is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by the following Gram-negative and Gram-positive microorganisms: Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Bacteroides fragilis, Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus constellatus, and Streptococcus salivarius. To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of ZERBAXA and other antibacterial drugs, ZERBAXA should be used only to treat infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. When culture and susceptibility information are available, they should be considered in selecting or modifying antibacterial therapy. In the absence of such data, local epidemiology and susceptibility patterns may contribute to the empiric selection of therapy. Important Safety Information about ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Patients with renal impairment: Decreased efficacy of ZERBAXA has been observed in patients with baseline CrCl of 30 to ≤50 mL/min. In a clinical trial, patients with cIAIs with CrCl >50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 85.2% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 87.9% when treated with meropenem. In the same trial, patients with CrCl 30 to ≤50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 47.8% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 69.2% when treated with meropenem. A similar trend was also seen in the cUTI trial. Monitor CrCl at least daily in patients with changing renal function and adjust the dose of ZERBAXA accordingly. Hypersensitivity: ZERBAXA is contraindicated in patients with known serious hypersensitivity to ceftolozane/tazobactam, piperacillin/tazobactam, or other members of the beta-lactam class. Serious and occasionally fatal hypersensitivity (anaphylactic) reactions have been reported in patients receiving beta-lactam antibacterials. Before initiating therapy with ZERBAXA, make careful inquiry about previous hypersensitivity reactions to cephalosporins, penicillins, or other beta-lactams. If an anaphylactic reaction to ZERBAXA occurs, discontinue use and institute appropriate therapy. Clostridium difficile–associated diarrhea (CDAD), ranging from mild diarrhea to fatal colitis, has been reported with nearly all systemic antibacterial agents, including ZERBAXA. Careful medical history is necessary because CDAD has been reported to occur more than two months after the administration of antibacterial agents. If CDAD is confirmed, antibacterial use not directed against C. difficile should be discontinued, if possible. Development of drug-resistant bacteria: Prescribing ZERBAXA in the absence of a proven or strongly suspected bacterial infection is unlikely to provide benefit to the patient and increases the risk of the development of drug-resistant bacteria. Adverse reactions: The most common adverse reactions occurring in ≥5% of patients were headache (5.8%) in the cUTI trial, and nausea (7.9%), diarrhea (6.2%) and pyrexia (5.6%) in the cIAI trial. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zerbaxa/zerbaxa_pi.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Milacron Completes Successful Showing at Chinaplas 2017; Focuses on Industry Leading Injection Machine Technologies Next PostNext Internet of Things Inc. Enters Joint Venture Agreement With Chinese Global Conglomerate New Hope Group Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Highlights Ongoing Commitment to Fighting Infectious Diseases With More than 20 Data Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that researchers are scheduled to provide more than 20 scientific data presentations on the company’s established and investigational infectious disease medicines at the American Society for Microbiology’s ASM Microbe 2017 meeting in New Orleans, June 1-5. “At Merck, we remain deeply committed to developing medicines and vaccines that prevent and treat serious infectious diseases to help address some of the most pressing public health threats in the world today,” said Dr. Joan Butterton, executive director and section head for antibacterials/CMV, infectious disease clinical research, Merck Research Laboratories. “We also continue to collaborate with researchers, clinicians and other stakeholders worldwide to provide important surveillance data and to advocate for responsible use of anti-infectives.” Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 will include new analyses of data from the pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of letermovir, Merck’s investigational antiviral medicine for prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection or disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). Researchers also will present real-world susceptibility data as well as data on the in vitro activity of ZERBAXA. ZERBAXA® 1.5 g (ceftolozane 1 g and tazobactam 0.5 g) is indicated for the treatment of adults with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, and in combination with metronidazole, complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by designated susceptible Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Other studies to be presented include data on the in vitro activity of relebactam, Merck’s investigational beta-lactamase inhibitor, in combination with imipenem/cilastatin (an approved carbapenem antibiotic), collected as part of the SMART (Study for Monitoring Antimicrobial Resistance Trends) surveillance program. SMART was initiated by Merck in 2002 to monitor the in vitro susceptibility of clinical isolates to several commonly used antibiotics in different regions of the world to monitor changing trends in antibiotic susceptibility. Bacterial samples have been collected and characterized from patients with intra-abdominal, urinary tract and lower-respiratory tract infections. Select data presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 include: Letermovir Exposure-Response Analysis of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Patients, M. Prohn Oral Presentation 4, 11:30 – 11:45 a.m., Monday, June 5, Room 217) Population Pharmacokinetcs (POPPK) of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Recipients, A. Viberg (Poster 376, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) Balanced Diversity of CMV DNA Sequences in a Clinical Study of Letermovir (MK-8228), C. M. Douglas (Poster 380, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Antimicrobial Activity of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam Tested against Contemporary (2014-2016) Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolates from US Hospitals, D. Shortridge (Poster 50, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam (C/T) to Pseudomonas aeruginosa Clinical Isolates in Hospitalized Patients: A Multicenter Evaluation, J. M. Pogue (Poster 75, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam against Isolates Collected from Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Patients in US Hospitals from 2014-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 76, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Global Surveillance: Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazbactam against Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. and Escherichia coli Isolates Collected in Asia Pacific, North and Latin America, and Europe from 2011-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 29, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m., Saturday, June 3, Exhibit Hall D) Imipenem/Relebactam In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 44, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae and Pseudomonas aeruginosa from Latin America – SMART 2015, R. Badal (Poster 45, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against P. aeruginosa from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 49, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) For more information, including a complete list of presentation titles, please visit the ASM Microbe 2017 website at www.ASM.org. Merck’s commitment to infectious diseases For more than 80 years, Merck has contributed to the discovery and development of novel medicines and vaccines to combat infectious diseases. In addition to a combined portfolio of antibiotic and antifungal medicines, vaccines, and medicines for HIV and HCV, Merck has multiple programs that span discovery through late-stage development. Merck currently has nine compounds in Phase 2/Phase 3 clinical trials for the potential treatment or prevention of infectious diseases. About ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) ZERBAXA is an antibacterial combination product for intravenous infusion consisting of the cephalosporin antibacterial drug ceftolozane sulfate and the beta-lactamase inhibitor tazobactam sodium. ZERBAXA is approved in the United States and is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, caused by the following Gram-negative microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. ZERBAXA used in combination with metronidazole is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by the following Gram-negative and Gram-positive microorganisms: Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Bacteroides fragilis, Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus constellatus, and Streptococcus salivarius. To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of ZERBAXA and other antibacterial drugs, ZERBAXA should be used only to treat infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. When culture and susceptibility information are available, they should be considered in selecting or modifying antibacterial therapy. In the absence of such data, local epidemiology and susceptibility patterns may contribute to the empiric selection of therapy. Important Safety Information about ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Patients with renal impairment: Decreased efficacy of ZERBAXA has been observed in patients with baseline CrCl of 30 to ≤50 mL/min. In a clinical trial, patients with cIAIs with CrCl >50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 85.2% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 87.9% when treated with meropenem. In the same trial, patients with CrCl 30 to ≤50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 47.8% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 69.2% when treated with meropenem. A similar trend was also seen in the cUTI trial. Monitor CrCl at least daily in patients with changing renal function and adjust the dose of ZERBAXA accordingly. Hypersensitivity: ZERBAXA is contraindicated in patients with known serious hypersensitivity to ceftolozane/tazobactam, piperacillin/tazobactam, or other members of the beta-lactam class. Serious and occasionally fatal hypersensitivity (anaphylactic) reactions have been reported in patients receiving beta-lactam antibacterials. Before initiating therapy with ZERBAXA, make careful inquiry about previous hypersensitivity reactions to cephalosporins, penicillins, or other beta-lactams. If an anaphylactic reaction to ZERBAXA occurs, discontinue use and institute appropriate therapy. Clostridium difficile–associated diarrhea (CDAD), ranging from mild diarrhea to fatal colitis, has been reported with nearly all systemic antibacterial agents, including ZERBAXA. Careful medical history is necessary because CDAD has been reported to occur more than two months after the administration of antibacterial agents. If CDAD is confirmed, antibacterial use not directed against C. difficile should be discontinued, if possible. Development of drug-resistant bacteria: Prescribing ZERBAXA in the absence of a proven or strongly suspected bacterial infection is unlikely to provide benefit to the patient and increases the risk of the development of drug-resistant bacteria. Adverse reactions: The most common adverse reactions occurring in ≥5% of patients were headache (5.8%) in the cUTI trial, and nausea (7.9%), diarrhea (6.2%) and pyrexia (5.6%) in the cIAI trial. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zerbaxa/zerbaxa_pi.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Milacron Completes Successful Showing at Chinaplas 2017; Focuses on Industry Leading Injection Machine Technologies Next PostNext Internet of Things Inc. Enters Joint Venture Agreement With Chinese Global Conglomerate New Hope Group Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Highlights Ongoing Commitment to Fighting Infectious Diseases With More than 20 Data Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that researchers are scheduled to provide more than 20 scientific data presentations on the company’s established and investigational infectious disease medicines at the American Society for Microbiology’s ASM Microbe 2017 meeting in New Orleans, June 1-5. “At Merck, we remain deeply committed to developing medicines and vaccines that prevent and treat serious infectious diseases to help address some of the most pressing public health threats in the world today,” said Dr. Joan Butterton, executive director and section head for antibacterials/CMV, infectious disease clinical research, Merck Research Laboratories. “We also continue to collaborate with researchers, clinicians and other stakeholders worldwide to provide important surveillance data and to advocate for responsible use of anti-infectives.” Presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 will include new analyses of data from the pivotal Phase 3 clinical study of letermovir, Merck’s investigational antiviral medicine for prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection or disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT). Researchers also will present real-world susceptibility data as well as data on the in vitro activity of ZERBAXA. ZERBAXA® 1.5 g (ceftolozane 1 g and tazobactam 0.5 g) is indicated for the treatment of adults with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, and in combination with metronidazole, complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by designated susceptible Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Other studies to be presented include data on the in vitro activity of relebactam, Merck’s investigational beta-lactamase inhibitor, in combination with imipenem/cilastatin (an approved carbapenem antibiotic), collected as part of the SMART (Study for Monitoring Antimicrobial Resistance Trends) surveillance program. SMART was initiated by Merck in 2002 to monitor the in vitro susceptibility of clinical isolates to several commonly used antibiotics in different regions of the world to monitor changing trends in antibiotic susceptibility. Bacterial samples have been collected and characterized from patients with intra-abdominal, urinary tract and lower-respiratory tract infections. Select data presentations at ASM Microbe 2017 include: Letermovir Exposure-Response Analysis of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Patients, M. Prohn Oral Presentation 4, 11:30 – 11:45 a.m., Monday, June 5, Room 217) Population Pharmacokinetcs (POPPK) of Letermovir (LET) Following Oral and IV Administration in Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation (HCT) Recipients, A. Viberg (Poster 376, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) Balanced Diversity of CMV DNA Sequences in a Clinical Study of Letermovir (MK-8228), C. M. Douglas (Poster 380, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m. Sunday, June 4, Exhibit Hall D) ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Antimicrobial Activity of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam Tested against Contemporary (2014-2016) Pseudomonas aeruginosa Isolates from US Hospitals, D. Shortridge (Poster 50, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam (C/T) to Pseudomonas aeruginosa Clinical Isolates in Hospitalized Patients: A Multicenter Evaluation, J. M. Pogue (Poster 75, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazobactam against Isolates Collected from Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Patients in US Hospitals from 2014-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 76, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) Global Surveillance: Susceptibility of Ceftolozane/Tazbactam against Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. and Escherichia coli Isolates Collected in Asia Pacific, North and Latin America, and Europe from 2011-2016, D. Shortridge (Poster 29, 12:15 – 2:15 p.m., Saturday, June 3, Exhibit Hall D) Imipenem/Relebactam In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 44, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against Enterobacteriaceae and Pseudomonas aeruginosa from Latin America – SMART 2015, R. Badal (Poster 45, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) In Vitro Activity of Imipenem-Relebactam (MK-7655) against P. aeruginosa from United States ICU and Non-ICU Wards – SMART 2015-2016, R. Badal (Poster 49, 12:45 – 2:45 p.m., Friday, June 2, Exhibit Hall D) For more information, including a complete list of presentation titles, please visit the ASM Microbe 2017 website at www.ASM.org. Merck’s commitment to infectious diseases For more than 80 years, Merck has contributed to the discovery and development of novel medicines and vaccines to combat infectious diseases. In addition to a combined portfolio of antibiotic and antifungal medicines, vaccines, and medicines for HIV and HCV, Merck has multiple programs that span discovery through late-stage development. Merck currently has nine compounds in Phase 2/Phase 3 clinical trials for the potential treatment or prevention of infectious diseases. About ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) ZERBAXA is an antibacterial combination product for intravenous infusion consisting of the cephalosporin antibacterial drug ceftolozane sulfate and the beta-lactamase inhibitor tazobactam sodium. ZERBAXA is approved in the United States and is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI), including pyelonephritis, caused by the following Gram-negative microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. ZERBAXA used in combination with metronidazole is indicated in adult patients for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections (cIAI) caused by the following Gram-negative and Gram-positive microorganisms: Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Bacteroides fragilis, Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus constellatus, and Streptococcus salivarius. To reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of ZERBAXA and other antibacterial drugs, ZERBAXA should be used only to treat infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. When culture and susceptibility information are available, they should be considered in selecting or modifying antibacterial therapy. In the absence of such data, local epidemiology and susceptibility patterns may contribute to the empiric selection of therapy. Important Safety Information about ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) Patients with renal impairment: Decreased efficacy of ZERBAXA has been observed in patients with baseline CrCl of 30 to ≤50 mL/min. In a clinical trial, patients with cIAIs with CrCl >50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 85.2% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 87.9% when treated with meropenem. In the same trial, patients with CrCl 30 to ≤50 mL/min had a clinical cure rate of 47.8% when treated with ZERBAXA plus metronidazole vs. 69.2% when treated with meropenem. A similar trend was also seen in the cUTI trial. Monitor CrCl at least daily in patients with changing renal function and adjust the dose of ZERBAXA accordingly. Hypersensitivity: ZERBAXA is contraindicated in patients with known serious hypersensitivity to ceftolozane/tazobactam, piperacillin/tazobactam, or other members of the beta-lactam class. Serious and occasionally fatal hypersensitivity (anaphylactic) reactions have been reported in patients receiving beta-lactam antibacterials. Before initiating therapy with ZERBAXA, make careful inquiry about previous hypersensitivity reactions to cephalosporins, penicillins, or other beta-lactams. If an anaphylactic reaction to ZERBAXA occurs, discontinue use and institute appropriate therapy. Clostridium difficile–associated diarrhea (CDAD), ranging from mild diarrhea to fatal colitis, has been reported with nearly all systemic antibacterial agents, including ZERBAXA. Careful medical history is necessary because CDAD has been reported to occur more than two months after the administration of antibacterial agents. If CDAD is confirmed, antibacterial use not directed against C. difficile should be discontinued, if possible. Development of drug-resistant bacteria: Prescribing ZERBAXA in the absence of a proven or strongly suspected bacterial infection is unlikely to provide benefit to the patient and increases the risk of the development of drug-resistant bacteria. Adverse reactions: The most common adverse reactions occurring in ≥5% of patients were headache (5.8%) in the cUTI trial, and nausea (7.9%), diarrhea (6.2%) and pyrexia (5.6%) in the cIAI trial. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZERBAXA (ceftolozane and tazobactam) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zerbaxa/zerbaxa_pi.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Milacron Completes Successful Showing at Chinaplas 2017; Focuses on Industry Leading Injection Machine Technologies Next PostNext Internet of Things Inc. Enters Joint Venture Agreement With Chinese Global Conglomerate New Hope Group Search Recent Posts SonicWall designa a Michael Berg, experto en canal y distribución IT, para dirigir su programa europeo de canal Riassunto: CTA sceglie i Paesi Bassi, una nazione tecnologicamente avanzata, per ospitare CES Unveiled USD Partners to Attend 2017 MLPA Investor Conference IQ4I Research & Consultancy published a new report on “In-Vitro Diagnostics *IVD) Global Market – Forecast To 2023” Myobuddy Massager announces new MS Support Program Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Grass Growth Shop Advertising Contact Jobs Marts Factory Prices Farm Plastics Centres Blowfly Map Get The App Dairy Beef Tillage Sheep Machinery Opinion Featured Agri-Business Country Living Home Dairy Beef Tillage Sheep Machinery N.Ireland Opinion Country Living Agri-Business Featured Grass Other Agri Food Forestry Environment EU Government Pig/Poultry World News Events Advertising About Contact Download The App Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Dairy Beef Tillage Sheep Machinery N.Ireland Opinion Country Living Agri-Business Featured Schemes Other Farm Building Forestry Government EU Pig/Poultry Environment Agri Food World News Events Search Home » Country Living » Pharmaceutical giant MSD expands Irish operations Pharmaceutical giant MSD expands Irish operations 12:35 pm - May 30, 2017 Sylvester Phelan Email The multi-national pharmaceutical giant MSD – whose animal health division manufactures farm vaccines and medication – has announced the creation of 330 jobs in Ireland over the coming three years. These new jobs will be created at the company’s bases in Cork and Carlow in a €280m investment by MSD. While jobs have not been created in the animal health division itself, which is based in Dublin, the move will boost overall company operations and add to the individual site regions – in rural Co. Cork and on the outskirts of Carlow town respectively. Over 200 new employees will be hired in the MSD plant in Brinny, Co. Cork, which works on medicines for lung cancer, melanoma, hepatitis C and rheumatoid arthritis. Meanwhile, a further 120 recruits will be brought in at the company’s Carlow plant, which is a manufacturing site and, according to MSD, “the company’s first stand-alone vaccine and biologics facility outside the US”. The firm, with headquarters in the USA, will bring its total number of employees up to more than 1,900 with the move. This move is designed to meet the increased global demand for MSD’s medicines and vaccines produced in Ireland, according to the company. There will be various types of jobs created such as biochemistry, biology, engineering, technical, quality and operations roles. MSD has a current workforce over 1,600 people in Ireland with plants in Dublin, Cork, Carlow and Tipperary. Its Irish operations had a turnover of €4.7 billion in 2016. MSD creates common farm vaccines such as Bovilis BVD, Bovilis IBR Marker, Blackleg Vaccine and Bovivac S. It also produces a range of animal antibiotics and pour-ons. Sanat Chattopadhyay, MSD Executive Vice President and President of MSD’s Manufacturing Division, spoke at the announcement of the move, stating: “Today’s announcement is a reflection of MSD Ireland’s positive standing in our global network, a vote of confidence in our people and their work, and a sign of MSD’s future commitment to Ireland. The expansion of our presence in Ireland is a testament to the talent of our Irish employees. In recent years our Irish businesses have played an increasingly important role in the production of some of MSD’s most important breakthrough medicines for the global market. Minster for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation, Mary Mitchell O’Connor, welcomed the move and the locations chosen, noting: “It is particularly gratifying that this expansion and additional job creation will take place in two regional locations, thereby strengthening the government’s efforts to ensure balanced industrial development around the country.” Related Stories Zurich seeking candidates with farming experience for insurance apprenticeship Read More From Agri-Business Job creation Minister for Jobs Enterprise and Innovation MSD MSD Animal Health Vaccines Connect With Us Hide Comments Please be considerate of others when commenting. All comments posted are subject to our commenting policy. Comments violating this policy will be removed without notice. More Stories For You Flavours of Fingal County Show brings farming to the city May 31, 2017 Country Living The fifth annual Flavours of Fingal County Show, held in the grounds of Newbridge… Loss of CAP payments in the UK could cost 250,000 non-farm jobs May 30, 2017 Agri-Business The loss of Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) payments in the UK could result in… ‘Proposed hunting changes could prevent farmers protecting their livestock’ May 30, 2017 Country Living Farmers may not be able to effectively protect their livestock if proposed changes to… Major processor could be fined over $3 billion for its role in Brazilian meat scandal May 30, 2017 Agri-Business The controlling shareholder in a major Brazilian meat processing company, JBS SA, could be fined… Silage fields ‘go purple’ for Crumlin Children’s Hospital May 30, 2017 Country Living Farmers cutting silage this summer have the opportunity to support the Children’s Medical &… Dairygold annual Milk Quality Awards winner announced May 30, 2017 Country Living John Walsh, a dairy farmer from Co. Tipperary, has won the overall Dairygold Milk… Zurich seeking candidates with farming experience for insurance apprenticeship May 29, 2017 Country Living Zurich Insurance is currently seeking candiates with farming experience for an apprenticeship in insurance… Arrabawn achieves 2020 milk supply targets 3 years ahead of schedule May 29, 2017 Agri-Business Arrabawn Co-op has already achieved its 2020 milk supply targets, some three years ahead… Popular Posts Man airlifted to hospital following farm machinery accident May 28, 2017 Video: Watch this new CAT tackle the silage scene in Clare May 28, 2017 Cork dairy farmer the latest victim of quad theft crime-spree May 29, 2017 New importer for McCormick and Landini tractors May 29, 2017 Donegal Mart manager calls for removal of ‘roadblocks’ on live exports May 27, 2017 Cattle condemned at NI processing plants due to ID status queries May 30, 2017 Special Offers Provimi Lamb Milk Replacer Buy now for €30 Sale Himalayan Rock Salt Licks Was €45 Now €30 Flexi Splint Buy now for €33 Sale Calf Dehorning Paste Was €30 Now €24 Dunlop Purofort Plus Wellington Buy now for €54.95 Shop Now Join Our Newsletter Join Recent Posts Sheep marts: Spring lamb prices improve by €5-7/head 6:15 am May 31, 2017 Flavours of Fingal County Show brings farming to the city 6:00 am May 31, 2017 Farmers’ own labour to be included in cost analyses 5:45 am May 31, 2017 Cattle marts: Exporters make their presence felt at the ringside 5:30 am May 31, 2017 Details of Glanbia’s Fixed Milk Price Scheme announced 6:39 pm May 30, 2017 Zetor churns out over 3,000 tractors in a ‘tough’ 2016 5:34 pm May 30, 2017 Business Manager Dairy Herd Milker/ General Farm Worker 6 Month Dairy Farm Placement Course Tutors / Third Level Teaching Positions X3 Education & Training Manager - Senior & Junior Warehouse Operative General Operative/Yard Person Agri Counter Sales Staff Place A Job Dairy News Beef News Tillage News Sheep News Agri Food Machinery News Northern Ireland News Country Living Agri Business News Pig & Poultry News Environment News Ploughing Championships Agri Schemes Farm Buildings Government EU Farming News © Copyright 2017 Agriland Media Ltd. About Contact Agriland App Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Advertising Recruitment Commenting Policy We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website, by using this site you agree to our cookie policy Read More Thank You For Stopping By! Before you go, have you signed up for our FREE weekly newsletter? Every week we will send you a roundup of the most important news in farming and agriculture, completely free! Just enter your email below to join our list Join Newsletter No Thanks
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Receives FDA Approval of ISENTRESS® HD (raltegravir), a New Once-Daily Option, in Combination with Other Antiretroviral Agents, for the Treatment of HIV-1 Infection in Appropriate Patients KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved ISENTRESS® HD, a new 1200 mg once-daily dose of the company’s integrase inhibitor, ISENTRESS® (raltegravir), to be administered orally as two 600 mg film-coated tablets with or without food, in combination with other antiretroviral agents, for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults, and pediatric patients weighing at least 40 kg, who are treatment-naïve or whose virus has been suppressed on an initial regimen of ISENTRESS 400 mg given twice daily. “ISENTRESS has been used as a component of treatment regimens for patients diagnosed with HIV-1 for almost a decade,” said Dr. Michael S. Saag, associate dean for global health, and director of the Center for AIDS Research at the University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Medicine. “The addition of a convenient once-daily version with a comparable efficacy and safety profile at 48 weeks to the existing twice-daily version of ISENTRESS provides physicians with a new therapeutic option for some patients with HIV-1 infection.” ISENTRESS and ISENTRESS HD do not cure HIV-1 infection or AIDS. Severe, potentially life-threatening and fatal skin reactions have been reported. This includes cases of Stevens-Johnson syndrome, hypersensitivity reaction, and toxic epidermal necrolysis. Immediately discontinue treatment with ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD and other suspect agents if severe hypersensitivity, severe rash, or rash with systemic symptoms or liver aminotransferase elevations develop and monitor clinical status, including liver aminotransferases closely. For more information, see “Selected Safety Information” below. The FDA approval of once-daily ISENTRESS HD (raltegravir) is supported by data from the pivotal Phase 3 ONCEMRK trial. At Week 48, 89 percent (N=531) of treatment-naïve HIV-1 infected patients receiving ISENTRESS HD 1200 mg (2 x 600 mg) once a day achieved viral suppression of HIV-1 RNA <40 copies/mL compared to 88 percent (N=266) of patients receiving ISENTRESS 400 mg twice a day, each in combination therapy with emtricitabine + tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, with a treatment difference of 0.5 percent, and a 95 percent confidence interval of -4.2, 5.2. This was consistent across demographic groups at initiation of therapy and a variety of patient populations, including those with high viral load (HIV-1 RNA >100,000 copies/mL). “Because of improvements in the effectiveness of antiretroviral therapies and with appropriate access to care, HIV infection can now be managed as a chronic disease,” said Carl Schmid, deputy executive director of the AIDS Institute. “For people living with HIV, having a wide range of effective therapies is important because it provides options to fit patients’ individual needs and lifestyles.” In ONCEMRK, through 48 weeks, the rate of discontinuation of therapy due to adverse events was low (1 percent in patients receiving ISENTRESS HD 1200 mg once daily and 2 percent in patients receiving ISENTRESS 400 mg twice daily). There were no drug-related clinical adverse reactions of moderate to severe intensity occurring in ≥2 percent of patients in either treatment group. Clinical adverse reactions of all intensities (mild, moderate, and severe) occurring in ≥2 percent of patients on ISENTRESS HD or ISENTRESS included abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting, and decreased appetite. Treatment-emergent viral mutations leading to any drug resistance were detected in less than 1 percent (4/531) of those treated with ISENTRESS HD once daily. ISENTRESS HD can be co-administered with a wide range of antiretroviral agents and non-antiretroviral agents. The potential for drug-drug interactions must be considered prior to and during therapy. The co-administration of ISENTRESS HD with aluminum and/or magnesium-containing antacids, calcium carbonate antacids, rifampin, tipranavir/ritonavir, etravirine, and other strong inducers of drug metabolizing enzymes (e.g., carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and phenytoin) is not recommended. “ISENTRESS HD exemplifies Merck’s unwavering commitment to innovation in HIV therapy, and we are pleased to be able to offer this option to a broad range of appropriate adult and pediatric patients weighing at least 40 kg who are living with HIV,” said Dr. Eliav Barr, senior vice president, global clinical development, infectious diseases and vaccines, Merck Research Laboratories. The price of ISENTRESS HD will be the same as ISENTRESS twice daily. Merck anticipates ISENTRESS HD to be available in pharmacies in approximately four weeks. About ONCEMRK The ONCEMRK study is an ongoing Phase 3 multicenter, double-blind, randomized, active comparator-controlled clinical trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of once-daily ISENTRESS HD 1200 mg, given as two 600 mg oral tablets, compared to twice-daily ISENTRESS 400 mg, each in combination therapy with emtricitabine + tenofovir disoproxil fumarate in previously untreated adults with HIV-1 infection with HIV-1 RNA ≥1000 copies/mL. The primary efficacy objective was the proportion of patients achieving HIV-1 RNA <40 copies/mL at Week 48. Selected Safety Information about ISENTRESS HD (raltegravir) and ISENTRESS (raltegravir) Immune reconstitution syndrome can occur, including the occurrence of autoimmune disorders with variable time to onset, which may necessitate further evaluation and treatment. ISENTRESS chewable tablets contain phenylalanine, a component of aspartame, which may be harmful to patients with phenylketonuria. Co-administration of ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD with drugs that induce uridine diphosphate glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) 1A1 may result in reduced plasma concentrations of raltegravir. Co-administration of ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD with drugs that inhibit UGT1A1 may increase plasma levels of raltegravir. Co-administration of ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD and other drugs may alter the plasma concentration of raltegravir. The potential for drug-drug interactions must be considered prior to and during therapy. Co-administration or staggered administration of aluminum and/or magnesium hydroxide-containing antacids and ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD is not recommended. Co-administration of ISENTRESS HD with calcium carbonate antacids, tipranavir/ritonavir, or etravirine is also not recommended. During co-administration with rifampin, the recommended dosage of ISENTRESS in adults is 800 mg twice daily. Rifampin, a strong inducer of UGT1A1, reduces plasma concentrations of ISENTRESS. There are no data to guide co-administration of ISENTRESS with rifampin in patients below 18 years of age. Co-administration with rifampin is not recommended with ISENTRESS HD. The impact of other strong inducers of drug metabolizing enzymes on raltegravir is unknown (e.g., Carbamazepine, Phenobarbital, and Phenytoin). Co-administration of ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD with other strong inducers is not recommended. About ISENTRESS (raltegravir) Approved in 2007, ISENTRESS was the first integrase inhibitor developed for the treatment of HIV-1 infection. ISENTRESS is one of the regimen options recommended by the Department of Health and Human Services – in combination with other antiretroviral agents – as a first-line therapy in treatment-naïve HIV-1 infected adults. ISENTRESS chewable tablets and oral suspension, each in combination therapy, are approved to treat pediatric patients aged at least four weeks of age, and weighing less than 20 kg. ISENTRESS works by inhibiting the insertion of HIV-1 DNA into human DNA by the integrase enzyme and has demonstrated rapid antiviral activity. Inhibiting integrase from performing this essential function limits the ability of the virus to replicate and infect new cells. ISENTRESS is approved as part of combination therapy in 112 countries for treatment of HIV-1 infection in adult patients. ISENTRESS, in combination therapy, for use in children and adolescents with HIV-1 aged two years and older has also been approved for use in 69 countries, and ISENTRESS oral suspension for infants at least four weeks of age is approved for use in 33 countries. Selected Safety Information about ISENTRESS HD (raltegravir) and ISENTRESS (raltegravir) Continued The most commonly reported (≥2 percent) drug-related clinical adverse reactions of moderate to severe intensity in treatment-naïve adult patients receiving ISENTRESS compared with efavirenz were headache (4 percent vs. 5 percent), insomnia (4 percent vs. 4 percent), nausea (3 percent vs. 4 percent), dizziness (2 percent vs. 6 percent), and fatigue (2 percent vs. 3 percent), respectively. The most commonly reported (≥2 percent) clinical adverse reactions of all intensities (Mild, Moderate, and Severe) in treatment-naïve adult patients receiving ISENTRESS HD compared with ISENTRESS through 48 weeks included abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting, and decreased appetite. Intensities were defined as follows: Mild (awareness of sign or symptom, but easily tolerated); Moderate (discomfort enough to cause interference with usual activity); or Severe (incapacitating with inability to work or do usual activity). Grade 2–4 creatine kinase laboratory abnormalities were observed in subjects treated with ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD. Myopathy and rhabdomyolysis have been reported with ISENTRESS. Use with caution in patients at increased risk of myopathy or rhabdomyolysis, such as patients receiving concomitant medications known to cause these conditions and patients with a history of rhabdomyolysis, myopathy, or increased serum creatine kinase. There is a pregnancy exposure registry that monitors pregnancy outcomes in women exposed to ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD during pregnancy. Healthcare providers are encouraged to register patients by calling the Antiretroviral Pregnancy Registry (APR) at 1-800-258-4263. Women infected with HIV-1 should be instructed not to breastfeed if they are receiving ISENTRESS or ISENTRESS HD due to the potential for HIV transmission. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ISENTRESS (raltegravir) and ISENTRESS HD (raltegravir) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/i/isentress/isentress_pi.pdf, Patient Information for ISENTRESS and ISENTRESS HD (raltegravir) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/i/isentress/isentress_ppi.pdf. The Instructions for use also are available at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/i/isentress/isentress_ifu.pdf. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aquarium Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast Next PostNext Artificial Grass Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Fracking Chemicals and Fluid Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Need for Cost Reduction and Faster Time to Pure Play Software Testing Services Market 2017-2021 Lithium Carbonate Market Report On Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, By Players, Types and Applications 2017-2022 Global Bio banking Market to reach $15.01 Billion with CAGR 8% from 2017 to 2022 Present Steel Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017 Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest ‘It is a truly exciting time for industrial design’ Before Facebook and Google, there was Sony and Toyota SoftBank’s bid to become biggest global tech investor bang on track Dropbox appoints its first ever CIO, Sylvie Veilleux Nickelodeon acquires global broadcast rights to Irish cartoon The Day Henry Met Irish software firm CarTrawler could be set for third sale in €694m deal Mobile payments an exploding scene, especially in China Future-proofing the Irish healthcare system Who doubted HTTPS? Wikipedia switch thwarts state censorship Xilinx CIO Kevin Cooney honoured by Irish Computer Society China looks to crack down on cyberterrorism with new laws Vodafone Ireland invests €120m in digital transformation project Five firms win Ireland’s first 5G licenses in €78m auction Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up Death of net neutrality in America: FCC votes for internet fast and slow lanes Eir wants to shake up mobile market with new Wi-Fi Calling service Ireland needs a digital master plan for its regions The future is 5G: Verizon buys Straight Path for $3.1bn More than half of NDRC companies attract follow-on investment Ambr Eyewear has a vision to save the eyes of digital workers Draper Esprit’s Nicola McClafferty: ‘Nothing can prepare you for start-up life’ Sugru inventor inspired by wisdom of the crowd Dublin is the second most preferred location in Europe for US start-ups Irish drone software start-up to get €50,000 as first client of ESA incubator ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Ireland a ‘phenomenal place’ to develop drugs of tomorrow Dublin faces many challenges in bid to be new EMA host, but can it win? Side effects of CRISPR lead to hundreds of unintended mutations Ireland on the cusp of a Pentium-like era in life sciences Ireland adds another fish counter after salmon stock recovery ‘Clean tech’ Dublin buses on way amid €1bn overhaul How willing are we to let a robot be our future doctor? Here’s how to take part in the soft robotics workshop at Inspirefest 2017 Cork tech firm in €1.2m ‘internet of trees’ deal with European Space Agency TSSG researchers are working on a next-generation AR comms system The failure rate of internet of things projects is amazing Breakthrough could ‘drastically’ improve smartphone screen resolution How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How to bring more talent into the world of life sciences What will working in biopharma look like in the future? Ireland is a home for 24 of the world’s top biotech and pharma companies How can you land a job in a crowded market? Your emotional intelligence could be the secret to success Could a bad company culture ruin your chance at a successful career? Want to work in biopharma? Here’s what you need to study 9 tips to kick-start an amazing software developer career Have your team’s stress levels reached breaking point? How to become a web developer later in life 4 ways to wow with your interview presentation Want to be a top developer? These are the languages you need to know The new gold standard: How will the latest research prevent aneurysms? 10 people to follow if you want a career in life sciences Working to cure cancer: The research that could make it treatable The best thing about working in biopharma? The passion is infectious Workplace wellness: How companies can improve their employees’ health Eimear Noone: How a 10p gig for Metal Gear Solid spawned a career in video game music 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful 9 top companies hiring in biopharma right now How can you make your career matter? Spend it saving lives Google’s new job search tool already seen in the wild MSD to create 330 new jobs in Cork and Carlow in massive €280m expansion 10 life sciences areas recruiting hard in 2017 €60m on offer for regional job creation initiatives in Ireland ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Google: You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave Palm-sized drone, perfect for selfies – haven’t we heard this before? Should you pee on a jellyfish sting? It might not be the best idea … Smartphones ‘biggest challenge’ facing teachers, many students ‘addicted’ WHO study finds kids’ use of technology is wreaking havoc on their health Google Maps might be able to solve a decades-old border dispute in Asia Google reveals new GIF maker, for journalists not in a rush Beneath the Surface: Microsoft is now making its own silicon This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Amazon plans to reveal revamped Echo to keep ahead of its rivals Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles ALL Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit Liberty IT creates an environment where people love coming to work Jet is looking for talented people to join the team Fraunhofer Project Centre opens at Dublin City University Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation What are the biggest cybersecurity trends right now? ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT All Advice People Employers Jobs Jobs Gary Collins, director of operations for biologics, MSD. Image: Luke Maxwell How can you make your career matter? Spend it saving lives by Kirsty Tobin 4 hours ago3 Shares For most people, it’s hard to know how to make a career worthwhile. In biopharma, it’s a little easier: you’re saving lives. This morning (30 May), pharma giant MSD announced 330 new jobs as part of a €280m investment in Ireland. That investment will see sites in Cork and Carlow expanding production facilities and capacity to meet global demand for medicines and vaccines. Speaking at the announcement, the executive VP of MSD, Sanat Chattopadhyay, said: “The expansion of our presence in Ireland is a testament to the talent of our Irish employees.” While specific roles were not announced, current openings at the sites include technical, engineering, biochemistry, biology, quality and operations positions. But why should someone want to pursue one of these roles? We’ve all been there. After a tough week in work, we ask ourselves: ‘Is it all worth it? Am I making any difference at all?’ For those working in biopharma, that question is a little less nebulous. Every day, they’re helping to save people. At a National Institute for Bioprocessing Research and Training (NIBRT) event in April of this year, we caught up with Gary Collins, director of operations for biologics at MSD, to talk about what makes biopharma a great sector to work in. “Personally, I’ve got to work on two life-saving drugs,” said Collins. Collins spoke about Keytruda, a cancer treatment drug that is manufactured at MSD’s Irish operations. “There was a huge buzz about getting the drug to the patients, supporting the early-access programme, and then seeing it launched … and knowing that what we do helps save people’s lives.” From another (arguably more cynical) point of view, a career in biopharma can also mean long-term job security and stability, as the sector goes from strength to strength in Ireland. “In recent years, our Irish businesses have played an increasingly important role in the production of some of MSD’s most important breakthrough medicines for the global market,” Chattopadhyay said of the announcement earlier today. This central role translates to continued growth in the Irish biopharma market, as hubs in Cork and Galway experience a heavy influx of FDI. This places MSD – and its talent – in great company, and the future is looking good. Updated, 12.53pm, 30 May 2017: This article was updated following clarification from MSD.  Tweet Share Email Share More Share Pin This Reddit In-Depth: Life Sciences Week, Life at MSD Related: MSD, Carlow, jobs, employers, Cork, medtech, Pharma By Kirsty Tobin Kirsty joined Silicon Republic in 2015 as Careers Editor. When she was younger, she had a dream where she started and won a fight with a T-Rex, so she's pretty sure she can do this. Passions include playing trombone in a jazz band, watching more TV than is healthy, and sassy comebacks. Her favourite thing on the internet - other than Netflix - is, and will likely remain, Pun Dog. Check out life at some of the top sci-tech companies See more employers More from careers MSD to create 330 new jobs in Cork and Carlow in massive €280m expansion ‘Do what you love – you have to want to go to work in the morning’ 9 top companies hiring in biopharma right now How to bring more talent into the world of life sciences Loading Read More Loading now, one moment please! Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Sold by Harvest Capital Management Inc Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Stake Boosted by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Pinnacle Bank Takes Position in Facebook Inc (FB) Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Dollar General Corp. (DG) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research PLDT Inc (PHI) Upgraded at CLSA Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Gierl Augustine Investment Management Inc Raises Stake in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 1,960 Shares of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Vereit Inc (VER) Stake Increased by Capstone Asset Management Co. First PREMIER Bank Boosts Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Maintained by Spirit of America Management Corp NY Brady Corp (BRC) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Sells 305 Shares of Trueblue Inc (TBI) Bank of Montreal Can Sells 258 Shares of ING Groep NV (ING) Bank of Montreal Can Cuts Position in Watsco Inc (WSO) Bank of Montreal Can Raises Stake in Luxottica Group SpA (LUX) Fenimore Asset Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Sold by DAVENPORT & Co LLC Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Sold by Harvest Capital Management Inc May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Harvest Capital Management Inc lowered its stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 0.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 11,037 shares of the company’s stock after selling 75 shares during the period. Harvest Capital Management Inc’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $701,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in MRK. Intellectus Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $103,000. Blume Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $135,000. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $135,000. Finally, Gradient Investments LLC boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 41.3% in the first quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 2,306 shares of the company’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 674 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 64.92 on Tuesday. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 52 week low of $55.10 and a 52 week high of $66.80. The firm has a market capitalization of $177.57 billion, a P/E ratio of 41.38 and a beta of 0.79. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $63.28 and its 200 day moving average is $62.90. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.25 billion. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.89 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.84 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be issued a $0.47 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.90%. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 92.61%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Shares Sold by Harvest Capital Management Inc” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/merck-co-inc-mrk-shares-sold-by-harvest-capital-management-inc.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on MRK shares. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 target price on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $69.31 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Zacks Investment Research raised Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $72.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. Leerink Swann reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $68.00 target price on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $68.58. In other Merck & Co. news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total transaction of $317,700.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 14,317 shares in the company, valued at $909,702.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Germany’s Merck chooses Israeli deception technology CNBC Ferry Biedermann; special to CNBC.com 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL US to attempt first interception of intercontinental ballistic missile Man held in murder probe after woman and two children found dead © Provided by CNBC Dark web intelligence, bio-authorization and even plain old cloud security: Cybersecurity commands a futuristic and slightly dystopian-sounding lexicon. One term that may well become more familiar is deception technology. It's a small but growing field that has sparked the interest of some of the largest multinational companies. Israeli startup illusive networks, which is the way they spell it - no capital letters for a deception technology firm, and Germany-based pharmaceutical and life sciences company Merck KGaA, Tuesday announced a deal for the use of illusive's "Deception Everywhere" cybersecurity technology. Merck, a company with over $15 billion in net sales last year, has an extensive network to protect that stretches across six continents and has intellectual property worth millions. A 2015 Ponemon Institute study found that together with the financial services industry, pharmaceutical companies suffer the highest cost from data breaches. Companies such as illusive don't come into play at the first, most basic level of defenses against cyber threats, explains Merck's Branden Newman, head of business technology security. "The idea is that if an advanced attacker makes it past these standardized controls, there is a next level of protection that really protects our crown jewels," says Newman, who used to work for the U.S. Army Cyber Command. This level is where illusive fits in, as well as on the level of the continuous monitoring the system undergoes. Illusive networks is the first company to come out of Israel's team8, the cybersecurity startup incubator set up by of veterans of the Israeli military's Unit 8200, says illusive's founder and CEO Ofer Israeli. He explains that the deception technology developed by illusive is really attractive to high-risk clients, like those in the financial services and pharmaceutical industries "The types of attacks that we are catching and that we have been built to mitigate are really those low probability high-impact attacks. The ones that won't hit you every day but when they do hit you it can go to tens and hundreds of millions of dollars," says Israeli. The value of the deal has not been disclosed but Merck's Newman says that the extra layer of protection afforded by illusive does not come at a huge price. "Monetarily it's a relatively a low investment compared to the overall the security portfolio." That's partly because deception technology is not yet as widespread as more standardized cybersecurity solutions. Gartner research estimates that by next year one in ten companies will deploy deception technology and various reports estimate the market for it by 2021 to be between $1.33 billion and $1.7 billion. There are several reasons why Merck went for illusive over two or three other candidates, says Newman. Among those are the Israeli technology's "proactive approach" and "ease of deployment" that obviates the need for a mass install across Merck's systems. He likens the technology to a corridor with lots of doors. If attackers enter the corridor, they don't know which door to go through and if they even lightly jar one, the system is alerted. Merck keeps a close tab on Israeli cybersecurity startups, says Newman. "We have a very close connection to the U.S. startup scene but we also do keep an eye on the Israeli startup scene, particularly in the cybersecurity area because they have a very strong cybersecurity startup scene." In the meantime, illusive has spread its wings beyond Israel, especially in terms of sales and marketing, says Ofer Israeli. "From an R&D perspective, Israel is a perfect fit. For sales and marketing there's a much clearer fit in other portions of the world such as the United States," says Israeli. The company has gathered more than $30 million from early investors, including Microsoft Ventures, Cisco, Citi Ventures and NEA. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Israel’s resilient economy can use a tune-up CNBC Microsoft reportedly buys Israeli cybersecurity firm Hexadite CNBC US draws on Israeli cyberpower and sells to Saudi Arabia CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 11 °C Wednesday 31 May, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags Carlow Cork Jobs MSD Pharmaceutical Pharmacy Technology See other tags Tags Pharmaceutical firm MSD announces 330 jobs in Carlow and Cork The jobs will be created as part of a €280 million investment over the next three years. By Cormac Fitzgerald Tuesday 30 May 2017, 7:25 AM Tue 7:25 AM 12,103 Views 9 Comments http://jrnl.ie/3415832 Share167 Tweet Email9 Image: Shutterstock/angellodeco Image: Shutterstock/angellodeco INTERNATIONAL PHARMACEUTICAL FIRM MSD is to create 330 new jobs in Carlow and Cork. The jobs will be created as part of a €280 million investment over the next three years. MSD – which trades as Merck in the US and Canada – is a pharmaceutical giant which develops new treatments and therapies for patients. The company said its two manufacturing sites in Cork and Carlow are important links in its global chain of plants. It said it was making the investment as a result of increased global demands in its Ireland manufactured medicines and vaccines. The plant in Brinny, Co Cork is for the development, testing and manufacturing of biologics, specialising in the fermentation, purification and sterile filling of biotech products. The over 200 new staff will work on this site, developing medicines for lung cancer, melanoma, hepatitis C and rheumatoid arthritis. In Carlow, 120 jobs will be created in the state-of-the-art manufacturing facility. Jobs on offer will include technical, engineering, biochemistry, biology, quality and operations positions. Commenting on the investment, Jobs Minister Mary Mitchell O’Connor said that she “warmly welcomed” the announcement. “MSD has been at the cutting edge of bio pharmaceutical innovation over recent years and their Irish operations are at the heart of many of the company’s exciting new products,” she said. MSD currently employs over 1,600 people across four sites in Ireland – in Carlow, Cork, Dublin and Tipperary. It’s Irish operations had a turnover of €.7 billion in 2016. Read: JP Morgan to buy office block on Dublin Docklands that can accommodate 1,000 workers Read: A Dublin startup is trying to stop millennial workers from quickly switching jobs Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: About the author Cormac Fitzgerald @cormfitz cormac@thejournal.ie See more articles by Cormac Fitzgerald Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/jobs-cork-carlow-3415832-May2017/?embedpost=3415832&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/jobs-cork-carlow-3415832-May2017/?embedpost=3415832&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/jobs-cork-carlow-3415832-May2017/?embedpost=3415832&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Pharmaceutical firm MSD announces 330 jobs in Carlow and Cork”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Pharmaceutical firm MSD announces 330 jobs in Carlow and Cork”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit COMMENTS (9) This is YOUR comments community. Stay civil, stay constructive, stay on topic. Please familiarise yourself with our comments policy here before taking part. write a comment Leave a commentcancel Log in with: Facebook Twitter Log out Logged in with Share Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Post Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Column: '8 per cent of young people aged 10 to 17 smoke cigarettes' Donal Buggy We need smoking prevention efforts to ensure smoking rates continue to drop among all young people, writes Donal Buggy. 'With the average house costing €338K, the market is looking sillier with each passing minute' Gavin Mendel-Gleason It’s all going to lead to a bad end when the bubble eventually burst, writes Gavin Mendel-Gleason. Opinion: 'We still don't have crucial parental rights for same-sex married couples' Dr Brian Tobin The State has a duty to protect all married couples, including same-sex couples, writes Dr Brian Tobin. Most Popular Today 1 Crow which attacked 'up to 20 people' in Cork may have just been hungry 62,649  67 2 Mother who raised nearly €100k to fund her cancer treatment has died 56,154  36 3 UK zoo blames 'freak accident' after zookeeper is killed by tiger 39,060  9 1 Eason has sold out of the newspaper and magazine distribution trade 3,026  0 2 German and Italian airlines' losses will be Ryanair's gain as it orders more planes 1,116  0 3 There has been a 'staggering' rise in full-time jobs in Ireland over the past year 391  0 1 French player banned from Roland Garros for kissing female reporter during interview 42,992  45 2 All-Star defender Cathal Barrett dropped from Tipperary panel 23,500  29 3 Tiger Woods sorry after arrest, says alcohol not involved 22,176  0 1 Michael Fassbender and Bono turned up to Noel Gallagher's birthday party and it looked like serious craic 11,020  2 2 A Co Down primary school has been accused of miming after a 'technical glitch' on Britain's Got Talent 7,819  0 3 18 of the very best responses to last night's UK Prime Minister debate on Channel 4 6,368  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Diageo gets the go-ahead to build €25 million whiskey distillery in Dublin city A €3.8 million co-operative housing scheme built on former ghost estate opens in Galway today Simon Coveney thinks Ireland should go high-rise 'in the right places' PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Father sues Minister of Social Protection over care allowance being refused for his son Jury fails to reach verdict in Rolf Harris indecent assault trial Westmeath man who kidnapped his ex-partner handed 7-year jail term HSE 'It makes no sense': The HSE does not record the number of suicides at hospitals 'A watershed moment': TDs have come up with a plan to radically change the healthcare system People warned to cook meat fully after 50 fall ill in north Dublin salmonella outbreak GARDAí Three arrested over attack on elderly couple in their home in Tipperary Tusla is "very concerned" after child sexual abuse issue raised on RTE Investigates Beaten, neglected, left home alone - The report 'every parent in the country needs to read' DUBLIN Looking for a new job? Grant Thornton is creating 250 new roles in Dublin 'Six years on, we still have no school. I'm worried my daughter will never learn in a school building' 'If you introduce speed limits in a clumsy manner, nobody will pay attention' ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Pharmaceutical firm MSD announces 330 jobs in Carlow and Cork Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Jobs Wednesday 31 May 2017 Pharma company MSD Ireland announces 330 new jobs for Cork and Carlow Ger Brennan, Managing Director for Human Health at MSD Ireland, and An Taoiseach, Enda Kenny TD. Ellie Donnelly May 30 2017 8:20 AM 0 Comments Pharma company MSD Ireland announces 330 new jobs for Cork and Carlow Independent.ie MSD, a multinational pharmaceutical company, has announced that it will create 330 new jobs and invest €280m over the next three years at two of its Irish manufacturing sites in Cork and Carlow. http://www.independent.ie/business/jobs/pharma-company-msd-ireland-announces-330-new-jobs-for-cork-and-carlow-35769611.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35769613.ece/4a230/AUTOCROP/h342/Kenny.png Email MSD, a multinational pharmaceutical company, has announced that it will create 330 new jobs and invest €280m over the next three years at two of its Irish manufacturing sites in Cork and Carlow. The new jobs are as a result of increased global demand for MSD’s medicines and vaccines produced in Ireland. The investment will see both sites expand production facilities and capacity to meet that demand. Available roles at the sites include technical, engineering, biochemistry, biology, quality and operations positions. “[The] announcement is a reflection of MSD Ireland’s positive standing in our global network, a vote of confidence in our people and their work, and a sign of MSD’s future commitment to Ireland,” Sanat Chattopadhyay, MSD executive vice president and president of MSD’s manufacturing division, said. More than 200 new hires will be needed in MSD in Brinny, Co. Cork, a site which engages in the development, testing and manufacturing of biologics, specialising in the fermentation, purification and sterile filling of biotech products. Meanwhile MSD in Carlow is the company’s first stand-alone vaccine and biologics facility outside the US, and 120 new roles are planned for this facility. Read more: 'Ireland's skilled workforce will keep multinationals here' - MSD Ireland human health boss Carlow also is an important link in MSD’s network of sites producing our new immuno-oncology treatment for the global market, the company said. “The expansion of our presence in Ireland is a testament to the talent of our Irish employees. In recent years our Irish businesses have played an increasingly important role in the production of some of MSD’s most important breakthrough medicines for the global market,” Chattopadhyay contiuned. The news was welcomed by both Minister Mary Mitchell O'Connor and the ceo of IDA Ireland, Martin Shanahan, who said that the move by MSD “strengthens Ireland’s positioning as a global destination for manufacturing excellence in biopharmaceuticals”. MSD, which provides healthcare solutions and innovative medicines in areas such as diabetes, heart disease, immuno-oncology, infectious diseases and vaccines, currently employs over 1,600 people across four sites in Ireland, in Carlow, Cork, Dublin and Tipperary. Its Irish operations encompass manufacturing, commercial, global financial services and marketing facilities, and had a turnover of €4.7 billion in 2016. To-date the company has invested over $2.5bn in expanding and developing its facilities here. Online Editors Follow @Indobusiness Related Content Multinationals on doorstep should be first port of call Breaking Professional services firm Grant Thornton announces 250 new jobs  Ellie Donnelly Professional services firm Grant Thornton has announced the creation of 250 new jobs across all areas of its business operations in Ireland. Regatta Great Outdoors announces 100 new jobs across Ireland  Ellie Donnelly Family-owned Regatta Great Outdoors has announces 100 new jobs across Ireland. Virtual reality named as a key job trend for marketing professionals  Ellie Donnelly Virtual reality has been named as a key job trend for marketing professionals, according to research carried out by IrishJobs.ie. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Pharma company MSD Ireland announces 330 new jobs for Cork and Carlow  Jobs Regatta Great Outdoors announces 100 new jobs across Ireland  Jobs Professional services firm Grant Thornton announces 250 new jobs  Jobs Make a career change with this week’s top ten jobs  Irish Jobs What would your company do with €40,000?  Jobs Brave Irish mum dies from cancer days after raising money for miracle treatment  Irish News Probe into deadly salmonella outbreak extends to 17 areas  Health More than a dozen injured in bizarre 'crow attacks' in Irish college  Irish News This Cork barber went the extra mile to help one of his regular customers who has...  Irish News Intern who sent photos of seriously-ill patient to on-call doctor was following orders,...  Courts Angela Merkel again says 'Europe must take fate into own hands' as Trump issues ominous warning on Twitter Opinion: I don't support Varadkar but I support the future he represents Psychologists break down the mysteries of Donald Trump's handshake More than a dozen injured in bizarre 'crow attacks' in Irish college Find Jobs in Ireland Job Location All Locations Dublin Dublin City Centre Dublin North Dublin South Dublin West Leinster Carlow Kildare Kilkenny Laois Longford Louth Meath Offaly Westmeath Wexford Wicklow Ulster Antrim Armagh Belfast Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Munster Cork city Limerick city Clare Cork Kerry Limerick Tipperary Waterford Connacht Galway city Galway Leitrim Mayo Roscommon Sligo Midlands Other Nationwide Eastern Europe Middle East International Asia Africa Caribbean UK USA Australia Mainland Europe Canada South America Central America New Zealand Working from Home Job Category All Categories Hotel & Catering Environmental, Health & Safety IT Legal Telecoms Engineering & Utilities Production, Manufacturing & Materials Accountancy & Finance Construction, Architecture & Property Retailing, Wholesaling & Purchasing Beauty,Hair Care,Leisure & Sport Social & Not for Profit Education, Childcare & Training Security, Trades & General Services HR & Recruitment Medical Professionals & Healthcare Transport, Warehousing & Motor Tourism, Travel & Airlines Banking, Financial services & Insurance Marketing Customer Service, Call Centres & Languages Sales Publishing, Media & Creative Arts Science, Pharmaceutical & Food Executive Graduate Secretarial & Admin Public Sector Agency Employer Search Promoted articles Also in Business Breaking Professional services firm Grant Thornton announces 250 new jobs Professional services firm Grant Thornton has announced... Regatta Great Outdoors announces 100 new jobs across Ireland Family-owned Regatta Great Outdoors has announces... Pharma company MSD Ireland announces 330 new jobs for Cork and Carlow MSD, a multinational pharmaceutical company,... Virtual reality named as a key job trend for marketing professionals Virtual reality has been named as a key job... Make a career change with this week’s top ten jobs Start your job hunt here with ten of the best opportunities across Ireland. The top nine jobs of the future – will you be employed? As industries change and evolve, there is a risk of many... What would your company do with €40,000? Finding the right people can take time. But when you hire the right candidate, their success... Job hunters, check out these new roles Thinking of changing jobs? Start your search here with ten of the best opportunities... Social network site in €180k commitment to help Irish jobseekers LinkedIn has announced a new partnership with Jobcare... Accenture aiming to help 10,000 young people develop job and entrepreneurial... Professional services company Accenture has launched... VIDEO: Sheep shearing season arrives again Sheep shearing season arrives again VIDEO: Project Hope's Richard Carson Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change and an eye on €300,000 in... VIDEO: Dragons' Den-style bootcamp - 'The Grow Dome Project' Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: Cooking up Change's Aisling Kirwan has brought her 'Cook. Eat. Share' to the... Entrepreneurs with a vision for social change... VIDEO: 'Impact of Brexit on Irish companies already started' Irish export growth to the UK was down... VIDEO: Cyber attack hit 200,000 victims across 150 countries, says Europol... The threat from the cyber attack that crippled... VIDEO: Balmoral Show Echo the heifer becomes unlikely moo-vie star A Co Down heifer has become an unlikely social... VIDEO: Balmoral set to pull in a record 100,000 visitors Visitor numbers at the Balmoral Show are expected to crack the 100,000 mark... VIDEO - EU negotiator Michel Barnier: Initial Brexit focus will be on Ireland, the... Michel Barnier speaks at the European... WATCH: Our novice 'beautician' tries the beauty product Irish women are waxing lyrical about Social Entrepreneurs Ireland Bootcamp 2017 In pictures: All Ireland Marketing Awards 2017 See stunning pictures of silage work beside Newgrange Stunning pictures taken last week Newgrange Farm, Slane Co Meath show silage being... In Pictures: Dublin Data Sec 2017 Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Information Sec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Punchestown Horse Racing Punchestown Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Vhi WMM Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts The Paul Williams Podcast The Punter's Platform The Floating Voter Search Go
On Air: 7-9am weekdays Newstalk Breakfast Newstalk Breakfast - every weekday morning from 7-9am, giving you the first bite at news, sport, business, tech and entertainment Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS Pharma giant MSD to create 330 new Irish jobs Roles coming to Carlow and Cork Business & Tech 7:33 30 May 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 1 day ago MSD Ireland has announced its plans to create 330 new Irish jobs as part of a €280 million investment in Carlow and Cork. The pharma giant – which trades as Merck in North America – unveiled its three-year plans for two of its Irish manufacturing sites this morning. The new jobs come as a result of increased global demand for MSD’s medicines and vaccines produced in Ireland, while the investment will see both sites expand production facilities and capacity to meet that demand.  Available roles at the sites include technical, engineering, biochemistry, biology, quality and operations positions. The announcement was welcomed by the Minster for Jobs, Enterprise & Innovation, Mary Mitchell O’Connor, who addressed over 1,200 senior MSD business leaders from 50 countries, gathered in Dublin for MSD’s annual EMEAC (Europe, Middle East, Africa & Canada) Congress. MSD in Brinny, Co Cork, is an integrated site for the development, testing and manufacturing of biologics, specialising in the fermentation, purification and sterile filling of biotech products. More than 200 new hires will be needed to meet demand for its work on some of the company's important treatments – medicines for lung cancer, melanoma, hepatitis C and rheumatoid arthritis.  MSD in Carlow, which is the company’s first standalone vaccine and biologics facility outside the US, plans to create 120 new roles. Minister Mitchell O'Connor said: "MSD has been at the cutting edge of bio pharmaceutical innovation over recent years and their Irish operations are at the heart of many of the company's exciting new products. "It is particularly gratifying that this expansion and additional job creation will take place in two regional locations, thereby strengthening the Government's efforts to ensure balanced industrial development around the country.” Sanat Chattopadhyay, MSD executive vice president andpresident of MSD’s manufacturing division, said: "The expansion of our presence in Ireland is a testament to the talent of our Irish employees. In recent years our Irish businesses have played an increasingly important role in the production of some of MSD’s most important breakthrough medicines for the global market.” Ger Brennan, managing director of MSD Human Health in Ireland, said: "Today, our Irish sites are involved in the production of over 50% of MSD’s global top 20 products, exporting to over 60 countries worldwide and helping lead the development of new life-changing medicines for patients, including MSD’s new treatments for cancer and hepatitis C.” MSD currently employs over 1,600 people across four sites in Ireland – in Carlow, Cork, Dublin and Tipperary. Its extensive Irish operations, encompassing manufacturing, commercial, global financial services and marketing facilities, had a turnover of €4.7 billion in 2016. The Carlow and Cork bases serve as important links in MSD’s global network of manufacturing plants. It maintains headquarters for the company and manufacturing division in the US. 7:33 30 May 2017 Craig Fitzpatrick 1 day ago 4 Related articles Some chemotherapy treatments deferred over drug shortages Ireland moves up the pharma food-chain Eli Lilly pushing ahead with €200m Kinsale plans Pharmacists urge Government to allow them to provide more services most popular latest sport #PornWeek: The A to Z - by way of XXX - of pornography New 'Sláintecare' plan aims to end two-tier health service Tipperary drop Cathal Barrett from senior hurling panel Shamrock Rovers strike early to see off Bray Wanderers site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Newstalk Breakfast × Newstalk Breakfast - every weekday morning from 7-9am, giving you the first bite at news, sport, business, tech and entertainment Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading... Forgot your Newstalk password × Reset Password
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017 Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest ‘It is a truly exciting time for industrial design’ Before Facebook and Google, there was Sony and Toyota SoftBank’s bid to become biggest global tech investor bang on track Dropbox appoints its first ever CIO, Sylvie Veilleux Nickelodeon acquires global broadcast rights to Irish cartoon The Day Henry Met Irish software firm CarTrawler could be set for third sale in €694m deal Future-proofing the Irish healthcare system Who doubted HTTPS? Wikipedia switch thwarts state censorship Xilinx CIO Kevin Cooney honoured by Irish Computer Society China looks to crack down on cyberterrorism with new laws Vodafone Ireland invests €120m in digital transformation project Accenture CIO: ‘I am a strong believer that today’s digital worker comes preconfigured’ Five firms win Ireland’s first 5G licenses in €78m auction Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up Death of net neutrality in America: FCC votes for internet fast and slow lanes Eir wants to shake up mobile market with new Wi-Fi Calling service Ireland needs a digital master plan for its regions The future is 5G: Verizon buys Straight Path for $3.1bn More than half of NDRC companies attract follow-on investment Ambr Eyewear has a vision to save the eyes of digital workers Draper Esprit’s Nicola McClafferty: ‘Nothing can prepare you for start-up life’ Sugru inventor inspired by wisdom of the crowd Dublin is the second most preferred location in Europe for US start-ups Irish drone software start-up to get €50,000 as first client of ESA incubator ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Dublin faces many challenges in bid to be new EMA host, but can it win? Side effects of CRISPR lead to hundreds of unintended mutations Ireland on the cusp of a Pentium-like era in life sciences Ireland adds another fish counter after salmon stock recovery ‘Clean tech’ Dublin buses on way amid €1bn overhaul ‘There is a tsunami of healthcare challenges descending on society’ Here’s how to take part in the soft robotics workshop at Inspirefest 2017 Cork tech firm in €1.2m ‘internet of trees’ deal with European Space Agency TSSG researchers are working on a next-generation AR comms system The failure rate of internet of things projects is amazing Breakthrough could ‘drastically’ improve smartphone screen resolution Is 3D-printed, shape-shifting pasta the future of food? How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What will working in biopharma look like in the future? Ireland is a home for 24 of the world’s top biotech and pharma companies How can you land a job in a crowded market? Your emotional intelligence could be the secret to success Could a bad company culture ruin your chance at a successful career? Fantastic week for Irish talent as 710 new jobs announced Want to work in biopharma? Here’s what you need to study 9 tips to kick-start an amazing software developer career Have your team’s stress levels reached breaking point? How to become a web developer later in life 4 ways to wow with your interview presentation Want to be a top developer? These are the languages you need to know The new gold standard: How will the latest research prevent aneurysms? 10 people to follow if you want a career in life sciences Working to cure cancer: The research that could make it treatable The best thing about working in biopharma? The passion is infectious Workplace wellness: How companies can improve their employees’ health Eimear Noone: How a 10p gig for Metal Gear Solid spawned a career in video game music 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Google’s new job search tool already seen in the wild MSD to create 330 new jobs in Cork and Carlow in massive €280m expansion 10 life sciences areas recruiting hard in 2017 €60m on offer for regional job creation initiatives in Ireland Airlines’ swoop on e-commerce enables OpenJaw to soar to 450 people Fintech firm Redline chooses Belfast for new centre – jobs on the way ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Google: You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave Palm-sized drone, perfect for selfies – haven’t we heard this before? Should you pee on a jellyfish sting? It might not be the best idea … Smartphones ‘biggest challenge’ facing teachers, many students ‘addicted’ WHO study finds kids’ use of technology is wreaking havoc on their health Google Maps might be able to solve a decades-old border dispute in Asia Google reveals new GIF maker, for journalists not in a rush Beneath the Surface: Microsoft is now making its own silicon This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Amazon plans to reveal revamped Echo to keep ahead of its rivals Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles ALL Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit Liberty IT creates an environment where people love coming to work Jet is looking for talented people to join the team Fraunhofer Project Centre opens at Dublin City University Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation What are the biggest cybersecurity trends right now? ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT All Advice People Employers Jobs Jobs From left: Ger Brennan, managing director of Human Health at MSD Ireland, and An Taoiseach Enda Kenny, TD. Image: Robbie Reynolds MSD to create 330 new jobs in Cork and Carlow in massive €280m expansion by John Kennedy 3 hours ago6 Shares Response to global demand for MSD’s medicine prompts major investment in Cork and Carlow. MSD, known as Merck in the US, has announced 330 new jobs for Carlow and Cork as part of a €280m investment in manufacturing. The new jobs have been created as a result of increased global demand for MSD’s medicines and vaccines produced in Ireland. ‘Today, our Irish sites are involved in the production of over 50pc of MSD’s global top 20 products’ – GER BRENNAN The investment will see both sites expand production facilities and capacity to meet that demand. “The expansion of our presence in Ireland is a testament to the talent of our Irish employees,” said Sanat Chattopadhyay, executive vice-president of MSD and president of the company’s manufacturing division. “In recent years, our Irish businesses have played an increasingly important role in the production of some of MSD’s most important breakthrough medicines for the global market.” The right medicine The announcement was made as more than 1,200 senior MSD business leaders from 50 countries gathered in Dublin for the company’s annual Europe, Middle East, Africa and Canada (EMEAC) congress. “Sustained investment in Ireland over the last five decades has positioned MSD and our employees to play a significant role in responding to the world’s most vital, unmet health needs,” explained Ger Brennan, managing director of MSD Human Health in Ireland. MSD in Brinny, Co Cork is an integrated site for the development, testing and manufacturing of biologics, specialising in the fermentation, purification and sterile filling of biotech products. More than 200 new hires will be needed to meet demand for work on some of the company’s important treatments, including medicines for lung cancer, melanoma, hepatitis C and rheumatoid arthritis. In Carlow, MSD has plans to create 120 new roles. With a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility, and the company’s first stand-alone vaccine and biologics facility outside the US, Carlow also is an important link in MSD’s network of sites, producing new immuno-oncology treatment for the global market. “Our existing portfolio and future pipeline ensure current and future employees can operate at the cutting edge of science and technology,” Brennan explained. “Today, our Irish sites are involved in the production of over 50pc of MSD’s global top 20 products, exporting to over 60 countries worldwide and helping lead the development of new life-changing medicines for patients, including MSD’s new treatments for cancer and hepatitis C.” The Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation Mary Mitchell O’Connor, TD, said that MSD’s Irish businesses have been driving big pharmaceutical innovation in recent years. “It is particularly gratifying that this expansion and additional job creation will take place in two regional locations, thereby strengthening the Government’s efforts to ensure balanced industrial development around the country,” O’Connor said. MSD currently employs more than 1,600 people across four sites in Ireland, in Carlow, Cork, Dublin and Tipperary. Its extensive Irish operations, encompassing manufacturing, commercial, global financial services and marketing facilities, had a turnover of €4.7bn in 2016. The organisation has a strong legacy in Ireland that stretches back over the last 50 years, and has seen MSD invest more than $2.5bn in expanding and developing its facilities here. IDA Ireland CEO Martin Shanahan said the expansion is another jewel in Ireland’s biopharma crown. “MSD’s decision to invest in its Irish operations across a number of regional locations further strengthens Ireland’s positioning as a global destination for manufacturing excellence in biopharmaceuticals,” said Shanahan. “It is pleasing that MSD continues to evolve, grow and innovate from Ireland to continue to meet patient needs around the world.” Updated, 9.23am, 30 May 2017: This article was updated to clarify that the jobs will be created in Cork and Carlow, not Cork and Dublin. Tweet Share Email Share More Share Pin This Reddit In-Depth: Life at MSD Related: medtech, Carlow, jobs announcements, employers, life sciences, Cork, MSD, Pharma By John Kennedy Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. He joined Silicon Republic in 2002 to become the fulcrum of the company’s news service He was recipient of the Irish Internet Association’s NetVisionary Technology Journalist Award 2005 and Siliconrepublic.com has been awarded ‘Best Technology Site’ at the Irish Web Awards seven times. In 2011 he received the David Manley Award commending him for his dedication to covering entrepreneurs. His interests include all things technological, music, movies, reading, history, gaming and losing the occasional game of poker. Check out life at some of the top sci-tech companies See more employers More from careers ‘Do what you love – you have to want to go to work in the morning’ MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact The new gold standard: How will the latest research prevent aneurysms? What will working in biopharma look like in the future? Loading Read More Loading now, one moment please! Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Manchester terror attack Fine Gael leadership Home»Business Cork jobs dispel Donald Trump threat, expert says Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Pádraig Hoare Pharmaceutical giant Merck’s announcement of 330 jobs for Cork and Carlow is evidence that multinationals’ fear of US president Donald Trump’s policies are easing — but there could be a threat to Ireland looming from French president Emmanuel Macron, an economist has warned. UCC economics lecturer Declan Jordan said the decision by Merck — which is known as MSD in Europe — to invest €280m in its manufacturing bases in Cork and Carlow was evidence that fear of Mr Trump’s protectionist rhetoric was overblown. Mr Jordan said the creation of 210 jobs in Cork and 120 in Carlow by MSD Ireland showed it was back to business as usual in Europe for multinationals who saw Ireland as a gateway to the continent.  MSD Ireland has 500 employed in Brinny and has been one of the area’s biggest employers for 35 years. Fellow pharma giant Eli Lilly recently confirmed it would be proceeding with a €200m expansion near Kinsale, having put it on hold in the direct aftermath of Mr Trump’s election to the White House — a sign fears had subsided, Mr Jordan said. However, he warned that Mr Macron could upset the apple cart for foreign direct investment in Ireland if he pursued the implementation of the Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base (CCCTB), which aims to share out the spoils of European corporation tax.  The CCCTB proposal has faced fierce resistance in Ireland, with leaders insisting it could cost the country 50% of its current corporation tax base. Mr Jordan said: “We are not overly reliant on foreign direct investment but it is a very important part of our economy. We tend to go over the top when we hear rhetoric such as that from Mr Trump.  "However, he is just another factor we have to contend with and I am confident we can overcome that. I am more wary of Mr Macron. The CCCTB is a bigger risk than Mr Trump.” Mr Jordan said it was important the Government “did not rest on its laurels and become complacent” as the threat of Brexit loomed. There was more good news on the jobs front as outdoor clothing firm Regatta Great Outdoors announced 100 jobs in Dublin, Galway, and Waterford. The jobs will be filled in the next 12 months. In Sligo, global healthcare company Abbott will relocate its Irish nutritional devices business from its existing base to a new, purpose-built IDA Ireland advance technology building.  The move will see a combined investment of almost €10m and will join manufacturing and business support within one building. “The good and bad times go in natural cycles,” said Mr Jordan.  “It may be lots of job announcements and investments today, which is fantastic — but it was job losses in recent years. The important thing is to not get carried away by either and make sure we take our opportunities when they come, especially in relation to Brexit. I maintain there is lots of opportunity for Ireland in relation to Brexit.” Newly elected Cork Chamber president Bill O’Connell said the MSD announcement was evidence that Cork was still a destination par excellence for the pharma industry. “We have a unique business environment, exceptional quality of life and highly educated workforce, and we work hard to ensure that this is furthered and maintained,” he said. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS Donald Trump, Merck, eli lilly, CCCTB, abbott © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Ryanair strategy: Tech meltdown unlikely, says airline European airline shares defy the turbulence to keep on climbing higher TDs call for ‘transparency’ over fees to AIB advisers Jeremy Corbyn victory may lift pound Breaking Stories Grant Thornton announces 250 new jobs and a centre of excellence for Dublin Lifestyle Why Corkonians are sharing their homes with tourists using Airbnb Gallery: Cool edits for a hot summer Limmy is prompting outrage with his Glaswegian glee Skibbereen exhibition to highlight links between West Cork and Cornwall More From The Irish Examiner These dance moves put any other high school reunion appearance to shame The Story of a Pencil - Thought-provoking video by Irish teens wins EPA competition WATCH: The adorable moment this drag queen invites a boy dressed in drag onstage Cork barber goes above and beyond to show his compassion for autistic teen WATCH: Finally an Irish summer lookbook that is true to life You ‘otter’ see these adorable photos of Dingle Aquarium's newest addition Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New Assassin's Creed out by March 2018 Apple iPad mini facing discontinuation Lotto Results Saturday, May 27, 2017 2 5 12 34 41 47 29 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Irish college bosses in a flap after spate of crow attacks on campus Whistleblower prison officer faces dismissal CIT bosses in a flap after spate of crow attacks Cork teacher faked student numbers to earn extra grants Brendan O’Sullivan anti-doping violation down to ‘complete bad luck’ Autistic teen ‘unable to speak of trauma’ Outrage as photos emerge of dead dolphin at house party in student apartment in Cork Eoin Cadogan: Cork footballers always unloved Child protection failings: ‘It’s going to shock you beyond belief’ Tributes pour in for ‘greatly admired’ West Cork solicitor NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Cork jobs dispel Donald Trump threat, expert says SPORT Lions brand has become a huge cash generator since first tour Summer may only be one game old, but for some it feels like it’s already over LIFESTYLE Gallery: Cool edits for a hot summer Why Corkonians are sharing their homes with tourists using Airbnb     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Health News Britain backs first-line use of Merck's Keytruda under cancer fund Shares0 Wed, 31 May 2017-05:04am , Reuters Britain's cost-effectiveness agency NICE has decided that Merck & Co's immunotherapy drug Keytruda can be used in previously untreated lung cancer patients under special funding arrangements. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) said on Wednesday that it could not recommend routine use of the medicine in newly diagnosed patients, given the drug's high cost and uncertainties about overall survival benefits. But the agency backed Keytruda use within the Cancer Drugs Fund, signalling that it had the potential to satisfy the criteria for routine use on the National Health Service (NHS) for this group of patients but needs more investigation. The decision follows data presented at a medical meeting last year showing that Keytruda could help lung cancer patients whose tumours have a high level of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. Keytruda is already approved as a cost-effective second-line treatment for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer who have previously taken chemotherapy but no longer respond. MSD, as Merck is known outside North America, has agreed to provide Keytruda to the NHS at an undisclosed discount. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health Chemists and Druggists to go on nationwide strike against Centre over e-pharmacy regulations Health The healthy fruit juice myth Health Health Matters: With the power of nature Health 'Vigorous campaign against child marraige, dowry to be announced by govt' says Nitish Kumar Health Study claims that India has only one anaesthetist per 1,00,000 people Health How I met my period: 120 women and men on why it's important to talk about menstruation Related Another reason to cut down salt intake Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags National Health Service Nice North America Merck & Co Britain Care Excellence National Institute National Institute for Health and Care Excellence SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Farmers in UP taking help of social media to seek redressal of Haryana police seize Rs one crore in demonetised notes French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack - minister French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack -minister Northern Army Commander lauds troops for killing Hizbul commander Sabzar Bhat Sport Rugby-Wasps sign centre Juan de Jongh from Stormers India, Australia favourites at CT despite off-field worries Soccer-Kruse lucky to be in squad, says Australia coach Postecoglou Tennis-Murray condemns Court comments, warns against Melbourne chaos Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 31 Entertainment Ex-Oasis singer Liam honours UK bomb victims at emotional Manchester gig Avika Gor and Manish Raisinghan's short film 'I, Me, Myself' gets screened at Cannes Film Festival 2017 WATCH: 'Vitctoria and Abdul' trailer explores the INEXPLICABLE friendship between Judi Dench and Ali Fazal Dench sad she couldn't come to India, might visit later: Ali PeeCee slams critics of dress she wore to meet PM Modi Money Karnataka Min soon to meet IT employees assns on layoffs Adani and Queensland Govt. reach deal over royalties for Carmichael coal mine Jet Airways flies low, slips nearly 5 pct post Q4 results UK's IG sees FY pretax profit "modestly" ahead of last year Aurobindo receives USFDA approval to manufacture ADHD drug Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Subscription Notification We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing details. Please update your billing details here Please update your billing information The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription. Your subscription will end shortly Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK. Accessibility LinksSkip to content Wednesday May 31 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access business 400 new jobs boost inward investment Peter O’Dwyer May 31 2017, 12:01am, The Times MSD, a pharmaceutical company, will create 330 new jobs in two locationsGETTY IMAGES Ireland’s reputation as one of the leading destinations for inward investment was bolstered yesterday with the creation of 430 new jobs. MSD, the US pharmaceutical company, will create 330 roles and invest €280 million over three years in Cork and Carlow. It currently employs 1,600 people across Carlow, Dublin, Cork and Tipperary. The company, known as Merck in the US and Canada, said it was increasing its Irish workforce and committing additional resources to the country in order to meet a growing demand for medicines and vaccines produced in Ireland. Sanat Chattopadhyay, executive vice-president and president of MSD’s manufacturing division, said the announcement was a sign of its commitment to Ireland. “In recent years our Irish businesses have played an increasingly important role in the… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
TOP LISTEN LIVE On Air Win Music News / Sport Local Entertainment SEARCH Search Search Corks 96fm on Facebook Corks 96fm on Instagram Corks 96fm on Twitter Contact 96FM ON AIR - Nick Richards in the Morning with Nick Richards Now Playing: NELLY - RIDE WITH ME LISTEN LIVE On Air Schedule Presenters All On Air Win Win All Win Music Select Irish Brand New Music Top 10 @10 All Music News / Sport News Local All News / Sport Local Cork Diary Word On Jobs GAA Awards Athletics Awards Sponsored Events All Local Entertainment Entertainment 60 Seconds With... Showbiz Minute Movie Reviews All Entertainment Search Site Search Run Search INVESTMENT IN MSD AT BRINNY A POSITIVE SIGN FOR THE COMPANY. By 96FM Reception 30 May 2017 210 new jobs to be created on the back of 180 million euro investment.   The 180 million euro investment at MSD in Brinny is being hailed as a positive sign for the future of the company in Cork. The investment will see the creation of 210 jobs at the pharmaceutical company .. MSD which has four plants, is expanding its Cork and Carlow sites over the next three years as part of a 280 million euro investment. The positions in Cork will be created across the site in operations, technical and quality and will come on stream over the next 3 years. Gary Collins , Director of Operations for Biologics at MSD in Brinny told Cork’s 96FM News that the investment is a very positive sign.. more like this ENTERPRISE IRELAND REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT FUND IS LAUNCHED. NEW HEALTH SYSTEM INITIATIVES PROPOSED BY FUTURE OF HEALTHCARE COMMITTEE. MAN REPORTED MISSING IN CORK IS LOCATED SAFE AND WELL. BANK OF IRELAND FINED BY CENTRAL BANK. 210 NEW JOBS AT MSD IN CORK. CORK FINE GAEL MEMBERS URGED TO VOTE TONIGHT FOR THEIR NEW LEADER Load More Media Partners Soul in the City Cork City FC 96FM Radiothon Ocean to City News Entertainment Shows Presenters Advertise Contact Us Word On Jobs Complaints JNLR Site Map Acceptable Use Policy Competition Rules Privacy Policy House Rules Corks 96fm on Facebook Corks 96fm on Instagram Corks 96fm on Twitter Contact 96FM Cork Media Enterprises t/a Cork’s 96FM Registered Address: Broadcasting House, Wellington Road, Cork. VAT Number: IE 4883442V. Company Registration Number: 137313 Directors: D. Buckley (Chair), R. McManamy, N.McKeown (UK), K. McGeary, S. Barry. © Cork’s 96FM 2017 Part of Wireless Group
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Human Vaccines Market: Rise in Awareness Programs Sponsored by For-profit and Non-Profit Organizations a Significant Growth Booster The global human vaccines market is dominated by GlaxoSmithKline plc., Sanofi, Pfizer, Inc., and Merck & Co, Inc. These players collectively accounted for over 70% of the market in terms of revenue in 2015. Analysts at Transparency Market Research have identified some of the key strategies adopted by players in the human vaccines market in order to gain a competitive edge over the rest. These include mergers and acquisitions, collaborations and acquisitions for market penetration, the establishment of local production sites, the expansion of product portfolios, and expansion activities in regions with high growth potential. This 183 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Human Vaccines Market. Browse through 30 data tables and 81 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/human-vaccines-market…. A focus on research and development is also a successful growth strategy, TMR finds. For instance, Pfizer, Inc. has always focused on R&D in order to improve innovation and productivity. It is presently working on various pipeline products for different therapies and innovating new capabilities that can position it for long-term leadership across the globe. The global human vaccines market was valued at US$28.3 bn in 2015 and is estimated to reach US$72.5 bn by 2024, registering an 11.2% CAGR during the forecast period. Hospital Pharmacies and Drugstores Prominent Distribution Channels for Human Vaccines By age group, pediatric vaccines accounted for a 57.5% share in the global human vaccines market in 2015. Adult vaccines, on the other hand, are expected to expand at a 13.2% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Based on product, the pneumococcal segment accounted for the majority share in in 2015, with the hepatitis segment exhibiting strong growth during the forecast period. On basis of vaccine type, the conjugate vaccines segment accounted for the majority share in the global human vaccines market in 2015. On the other hand, the combination vaccines segment is expected to expand at an outstanding CAGR from 2016 to 2024. By distribution channel, the hospital pharmacies segment led the global human vaccines market. However, the drugstores segment is projected to expand at a considerable pace through 2024. Geographically, North America dominates the global human vaccines market and is estimated to reach a value of US$28.0 bn by 2024. Asia Pacific is the most promising market for human vaccines and is expected to expand at a high CAGR of 12.5% during the forecast period. Minimal Side Effects of Vaccines Bolstering Large-scale Adoption An extremely low risk of serious and fatal side effects associated with vaccines is one of the primary factors driving the market for human vaccines around the world. Similar to other drugs, vaccines are associated with a few side effects; however, most of the times, these are rather mild. Soreness, swelling, redness at the site of injection, fever, rash, or itchiness are the most common side effects of vaccines. Several healthcare organizations, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the US FDA, the American Medical Association (AMA), and the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) recommend the use of vaccines owing to their safety. Complementing this factor is the growing awareness among patients and the general population regarding the benefits of vaccination. This can be attributed to a rise in awareness programs by government, private, and not-for-profit organizations. “The celebration of the National Immunization Awareness Month in the month of August in the U.S., for instance, is a great way of spreading awareness and getting more people to opt for vaccination,” the author of the report states. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving Human Vaccines Market by 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… High Costs Deterring Market Growth Strict regulatory requirements is a major hurdle for most players in the global human vaccines market. In addition to this, high costs pose a significant challenge. “The discovery and development of new vaccines require immense capital. Moreover, the transportation, storage, and handling of vaccines can also be extremely heavy on the pocket,” the TMR analyst reports. Apart from this, the containment of technical expertise in the hands of a few major players also acts as a deterrent on the growth of the human vaccines market. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Grande Lakes Orlando Debuts Grande Lakes Sports Next PostNext Pharmacy Automation Market – Forecasts from 2017 to 2022 – Key Players are Omnicell, Swisslog, McKesson, Parata & ScriptPro – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Vince Holding Corp. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Global Ceftazidime Market Forecasts to 2021 and Analysis IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Grants Available for Idaho’s Second Federal Disaster Declaration this Year SCPD Police Blotter – Week of 5/21/17 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global $12 Billion Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Therapeutics Market Analysis 2014-2017 and Forecasts to 2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 30 May, 2017, 09:40 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Therapeutics Market Analysis By Drug (Alimta, Iressa, Avastin, Tarceva, Zykadia, Tagrisso, Xalkori, Cyramza, Opdivo, Alecensa), By Region And Segment Forecasts 2014 - 2025" report to their offering. The global non-small cell lung cancer therapeutics market is expected to reach a value of USD 12.2 billion by 2025 The non-small cell cancer therapeutics (NSCLC) market is anticipated to witness significant growth during the forecast period. This can be attributed to the high investment by market players in the research and development of lung cancer therapy, presence of a rich pipeline, and increasing penetration of drugs during the forecast period. Introduction of several drugs in various geographical regions is likely to drive the market during the forecast period. For instance, in October 2016, the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation to Alecensa (alectinib), a drug developed by Genentech to treat ALK-positive NSCLC as a first-line treatment. The drug has been approved in the U.S., Japan, Canada, Hong Kong, South Korea, Kuwait, and Israel. Presence of a strong pipeline of drugs for non-small cell lung cancer helps propel the market during the forecast period. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Orion Corporation, Merck KGaA, AstraZeneca, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, and Pfizer, Inc. have major molecules in the pipeline. Further key findings from the study suggest: By drug, Alimta accounted for the highest share in 2015. However, it is expected to witness decline in its share during the forecast period. Alecensa (alectinib) is expected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period. This is majorly attributed to the clinical benefit of the drug to treat ALK-positive NSCLC. Alecensa is expected to be a competitor to Pfizer's Xalkori and Merck's Keytruda during the forecast period. A superior progression-free survival rate of Alecensa was observed in the clinical trials as compared to Crizotinib. Geographically, North America dominated the overall industry in 2015. This is due to the early entry of drugs in the market, increased adoption of new treatment, and high cost of the drug. It is expected that North America would maintain its dominance during the forecast period and grow with the highest rate over the coming years due to expected entry of new drugs. Several players are operating in the industry. Geographical penetration and development of innovative & effective drugs are the key strategies of the players to increase their share. Some of the key players are GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Plc., Novartis AG, AstraZeneca, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer Inc., Eli Lilly & Company, and Sanofi. Key Topics Covered: 1 Research Methodology 2 Executive Summary 3 Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market Variables, Trends & Scope 3.1 Market Segmentation and Scope 3.1.1 Market driver analysis 3.1.1.1 Strong pipeline 3.1.1.2 Rising prevalence of NSCLC 3.1.2 Market restraint analysis 3.1.2.1 Pricing pressure 3.2 Penetration & Growth Prospects Mapping 3.3 Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market - PESTLE Analysis 3.4 Industry Analysis - Porter's 3.5 Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Competitive Scenario, 2015 3.5.1 Competitive landscape: Market position analysis (based on product portfolio, regional presence and strategic initiatives) 4 Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics: Drug Estimates & Trend Analysis 4.1 Global Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics Market: Drug Movement Analysis & Market Share, 2016 & 2025 4.2 Alimta 4.3 Iressa 4.4 Avastin 4.5 Tarceva 4.6 Zykadia 4.7 Tagrisso 4.8 Xalkori 4.9 Cyramza 4.10 Opdivo 4.11 Alecensa 5 Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Therapeutics: Regional Estimates & Trend Analysis 6 Competitive Landscape GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Plc Novartis AstraZeneca F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd Bristol Myers Squibb Company Pfizer, Inc. Eli Lilly and Company Sanofi For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/l6ghcs/nonsmall_cell Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-12-billion-non-small-cell-lung-cancer-nsclc-therapeutics-market-analysis-2014-2017-and-forecasts-to-2025---research-and-markets-300464961.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 30 May, 2017, 09:50 ET Preview: Airborne Collision Avoidance System Market by Type, Platform, Component, End-Use and Region - Global Forecast to 2022 - Research and Markets 30 May, 2017, 09:30 ET Preview: Global $37.49 Billion Colorants Market 2014-2017 and Forecasts to 2025: Focus on Plastic, Textile, Food, Personal Care, Printing, Paints and Coatings - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 30 May, 2017, 19:20 ET Global $72.12 Billion Aerosol Cans Market 2016-2022 - Research... 30 May, 2017, 19:20 ET Global $66 Billion Glass Containers Market Trends and Forecasts... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global $12 Billion Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) Therapeutics Market Analysis 2014-2017 and Forecasts to 2025 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 30 May, 2017, 09:40 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
portal_normal EE STRUCTURE orgcat: portal_normal PUBLICATION STRUCTURE cat: portal_normal CATEGORY STRUCTURE category: portal_normal STRUCTURE section: portal_normal getURLCurrent: /web/eveningecho/businessnews/detailedstory?p_p_id=DetailedStory_WAR_portalsuite&p_p_lifecycle=0&_DetailedStory_WAR_portalsuite_arg_detailstory_uuid=25fc79fa-1611-4df7-b5db-b62833d7aa57 portal_normal getPortalURL getURLCurrent: http://www.eveningecho.ie./web/eveningecho/businessnews/detailedstory?p_p_id=DetailedStory_WAR_portalsuite&p_p_lifecycle=0&_DetailedStory_WAR_portalsuite_arg_detailstory_uuid=25fc79fa-1611-4df7-b5db-b62833d7aa57 portal_normal getPortalURL: http://www.eveningecho.ie portal_normal domain: http://www.eveningecho.ie STRUCTURE EE_062016_general_layout.tpl - url: /web/eveningecho/businessnews/detailedstory STRUCTURE EE_062016_general_layout.tpl - section: STRUCTURE EE_062016_general_layout.tpl - orgcat: orgcat = Family Notices Free Ads Advertising Find a house Find a job Competitions Cork News Business National News Weather Lotto Send us your news Cork Sport National Sport Business Entertainment Horoscopes Competitions Life Downtown Opinion Videos WOW Weather Ford 100 Cars Jobs Competitions Family Notices Contact Us Free Ads Advertising Find a house Find a job Search Cork News National News Lotto Send us your news Cork Sport National Sport Business Entertainment Horoscopes Competitions Life Downtown Opinion Videos WOW Weather Ford 100 Wednesday 31 May 2017 Business Cork News Business National News Lotto Send us your news 30.05.2017 14:12 The Brinny MSD plant. Pic: Dan Linehan SOCIAL BOOKMARKS Cork gets 210 jobs through MSD Brinny expansion Rob McNamara  MORE than 200 jobs are to be created in the latest employment boost for Cork after pharmaceutical giant MSD announced a €280 investment in their Irish operations. MSD, known as Merck in the UK, will be hiring 210 people at their Brinny facility, outside Kinsale, to meet demand for medicine products for lung cancer, melanoma, hepatitis C and rheumatoid arthritis. Jobs Minister Mary Mitchell O'Connor said the announcement will contribute to the spread of jobs development outside of the capital. “MSD has been at the cutting edge of biopharmaceutical innovation over recent years and their Irish operations are at the heart of many of the company's exciting new products. It is particularly gratifying that this expansion and additional job creation will take place in two regional locations, thereby strengthening the Government's efforts to ensure balanced industrial development around the country,” she said. The company develops, tests and manufactures biologics, specialising in the fermentation, purification and sterile filling of biotech products that fight common diseases. Biologics are genetically-engineered proteins made from human genes. They will be hiring 210 people at their Brinny facility to meet demand for medicine products for lung cancer, melanoma, hepatitis C and rheumatoid arthritis. The company will also hire 120 people for its Carlow facility and Jobs Minister Mary Mitchell O'Connor said the announcement will contribute to the spread of jobs development outside of the capital. “MSD has been at the cutting edge of biopharmaceutical innovation over recent years and their Irish operations are at the heart of many of the company's exciting new products. It is particularly gratifying that this expansion and additional job creation will take place in two regional locations, thereby strengthening the Government's efforts to ensure balanced industrial development around the country,” she said. Martin Shanahan, CEO of IDA Ireland said, “MSD’s decision to invest in its Irish operations across a number of regional locations further strengthens Ireland’s positioning as a global destination for manufacturing excellence in biopharmaceuticals. It is pleasing that MSD continues to evolve, grow and innovate from Ireland to continue to meet patient needs around the world.” MSD already employ more than 1,600 people at four locations – Cork, Carlow, Dublin and Tipperary – and has been in the country for the last 50 years. The company had a turnover of €4.7bn last year. Ger Brennan, managing director of MSD Human Health in Ireland said that investment in Ireland over the last five decades has positioned MSD as a significant player in responding to the world’s most vital, unmet health needs. “Our existing portfolio and future pipeline ensure current and future employees can operate at the cutting edge of science and technology. Our Irish sites are involved in the production of over 50% of MSD’s global top 20 products, exporting to over 60 countries worldwide.” Details on the jobs at MSD are available at http://www.msd.ie/careers &nbsp;     Most Read World No Tobacco Day: Increase in use of roll your own tobacco 31.05.2017 Michael Noonan 'flouting the will of the Dáil' over sale of AIB shares 31.05.2017 Ian Bailey's extradition hearing to get underway 31.05.2017 Man arrested over shooting of loyalist supporter in Co Down 31.05.2017 Childline answered almost 400,000 calls for help last year 31.05.2017 Gardaí make three arrests in connection with aggravated burglary on elderly couple 30.05.2017 Connect With Us Contact Us Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork, Ireland. 021 4272722 Contact us online here Home Cork News National News Lotto Send us your news Cork Sport National Sport Business Ents Showbiz Horoscopes Competitions Life Showbiz Horoscopes Competitions Services Family Notices Free Ads Advertising Find a House Find a Job Competitions Our Partners Breaking News Irish Examiner RecruitIreland Support Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy About Us Terms and Conditions © Evening Echo 2017
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS The countdown is on to Ireland’s sci-tech extravaganza, Inspirefest 2017 Time running out to get your hands on Inspirefest early bird tickets Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest ‘It is a truly exciting time for industrial design’ Before Facebook and Google, there was Sony and Toyota SoftBank’s bid to become biggest global tech investor bang on track Dropbox appoints its first ever CIO, Sylvie Veilleux Nickelodeon acquires global broadcast rights to Irish cartoon The Day Henry Met Irish software firm CarTrawler could be set for third sale in €694m deal Mobile payments an exploding scene, especially in China Future-proofing the Irish healthcare system Who doubted HTTPS? Wikipedia switch thwarts state censorship Xilinx CIO Kevin Cooney honoured by Irish Computer Society China looks to crack down on cyberterrorism with new laws Vodafone Ireland invests €120m in digital transformation project Five firms win Ireland’s first 5G licenses in €78m auction Three U-turn sees roaming data limits bumped back up Death of net neutrality in America: FCC votes for internet fast and slow lanes Eir wants to shake up mobile market with new Wi-Fi Calling service Ireland needs a digital master plan for its regions The future is 5G: Verizon buys Straight Path for $3.1bn More than half of NDRC companies attract follow-on investment Ambr Eyewear has a vision to save the eyes of digital workers Draper Esprit’s Nicola McClafferty: ‘Nothing can prepare you for start-up life’ Sugru inventor inspired by wisdom of the crowd Dublin is the second most preferred location in Europe for US start-ups Irish drone software start-up to get €50,000 as first client of ESA incubator ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Ireland a ‘phenomenal place’ to develop drugs of tomorrow Dublin faces many challenges in bid to be new EMA host, but can it win? Side effects of CRISPR lead to hundreds of unintended mutations Ireland on the cusp of a Pentium-like era in life sciences Ireland adds another fish counter after salmon stock recovery ‘Clean tech’ Dublin buses on way amid €1bn overhaul How willing are we to let a robot be our future doctor? Here’s how to take part in the soft robotics workshop at Inspirefest 2017 Cork tech firm in €1.2m ‘internet of trees’ deal with European Space Agency TSSG researchers are working on a next-generation AR comms system The failure rate of internet of things projects is amazing Breakthrough could ‘drastically’ improve smartphone screen resolution How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How to bring more talent into the world of life sciences What will working in biopharma look like in the future? Ireland is a home for 24 of the world’s top biotech and pharma companies How can you land a job in a crowded market? Your emotional intelligence could be the secret to success Could a bad company culture ruin your chance at a successful career? Want to work in biopharma? Here’s what you need to study 9 tips to kick-start an amazing software developer career Have your team’s stress levels reached breaking point? How to become a web developer later in life 4 ways to wow with your interview presentation Want to be a top developer? These are the languages you need to know The new gold standard: How will the latest research prevent aneurysms? 10 people to follow if you want a career in life sciences Working to cure cancer: The research that could make it treatable The best thing about working in biopharma? The passion is infectious Workplace wellness: How companies can improve their employees’ health Eimear Noone: How a 10p gig for Metal Gear Solid spawned a career in video game music 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful How can you make your career matter? Spend it saving lives Google’s new job search tool already seen in the wild MSD to create 330 new jobs in Cork and Carlow in massive €280m expansion 10 life sciences areas recruiting hard in 2017 €60m on offer for regional job creation initiatives in Ireland Airlines’ swoop on e-commerce enables OpenJaw to soar to 450 people ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Google: You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave Palm-sized drone, perfect for selfies – haven’t we heard this before? Should you pee on a jellyfish sting? It might not be the best idea … Smartphones ‘biggest challenge’ facing teachers, many students ‘addicted’ WHO study finds kids’ use of technology is wreaking havoc on their health Google Maps might be able to solve a decades-old border dispute in Asia Google reveals new GIF maker, for journalists not in a rush Beneath the Surface: Microsoft is now making its own silicon This clever mapping tool is a must for An Post Rás enthusiasts Refurb of the Mac: Apple to ramp up processing power in new MacBooks Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Amazon plans to reveal revamped Echo to keep ahead of its rivals Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Carnage in Manchester: Social media captures horror of attack at Ariana Grande concert What is the Antikythera mechanism and why is it so important today? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles ALL Irish exporters must start planning now to continue global growth post-Brexit Liberty IT creates an environment where people love coming to work Jet is looking for talented people to join the team Fraunhofer Project Centre opens at Dublin City University Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation What are the biggest cybersecurity trends right now? ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT INNOVATION Ireland on the cusp of a Pentium-like era in life sciences by John Kennedy 3 hours ago8 Shares Image: Arman Zhenikeyev/Shutterstock Ireland is reaching a ‘Pentium chip’ moment as the future of medicine becomes all about precision. The nation is in the right place at the right time. If you read the news today then you would have learned that MSD, known as Merck in the States, is to create 330 new jobs at its manufacturing plants in Cork and Carlow as part of a €280m investment. What is also riveting about the announcement is that the Irish sites are responsible for more than 50pc of MSD’s top 20 products. These new responsibilities put Ireland at the cutting edge of developments in the areas of biologics. ‘We see a day where every individual suffering from disease will have molecular drivers of that disease clarified, and have new treatment doors opened up for them that [are] as unique as they are. In that regard, we are on the cusp of a Pentium-type era in life sciences’ – COLIN MAC HALE The pharma industry in Ireland has come a long way since the 1990s when the industry was largely involved in processing, a rather unglamorous but essential part of the supply chain. Since then, the myriad of operations of biotech giants – from MSD to GlaxoSmithKline, Eli Lilly, Johnson & Johnson, Regeneron, Allergan and others – are higher up the value chain and have more in common with the Google campus than the old smokestack past. Ireland is the seventh-largest exporter of medicinal products in the world The latest numbers available from IDA Ireland indicate that there are now more than 120 biopharmaceutical operations in the country, out of which 40 are approved by the FDA to produce goods for the pivotal US market. There are 29,000 people directly employed in the biopharma FDI sector alone, and nine out of the top 10 biopharma giants in the world are manufacturing in Ireland. ‘In the last 10 years, there has been a significant ramp-up in large molecule, biologics and manufacturing throughout Ireland’ – TOMMY FANNING In 2015, the biopharma sector recorded €39bn worth of exports, and it contributes more than €1bn in corporation tax to the Irish exchequer annually. According to IDA Ireland’s head of biopharmaceuticals and food division, Tommy Fanning, Ireland is the seventh-largest exporter of medicinal and pharmaceutical products in the world. “In the last 10 years, there has been a significant ramp-up in large molecule, biologics and manufacturing throughout Ireland, adding to our substantial traditional manufacturing base in small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) and oral solid dose (OSD). “Over €10bn in new investment has been committed in the last decade for new biotech manufacturing facilities in both drug substance (Alexion, Pfizer, Regeneron, Lilly, J&J, BMS and BioMarin) and drug product (Sanofi-Genzyme, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Amgen and MSD). “Our existing clients have continued to invest and have been joined by an exciting new group of high-growth companies.” Fanning said that an exemplary compliance record, strong Government support for R&D and zero-defect biopharma manufacturing excellence have driven this wave of investment in new biotech facilities. “Irish plants are regularly seen as global manufacturing sites, with FDA approvals in addition to European manufacturing licenses. “The Irish Government is committed to continuing to invest in our education, research and broader ecosystem to ensure that Ireland remains the competitive location of choice for new biotech manufacturing operations. “We have established the National Institute for Bioprocessing Research and Training (NIBRT), which, with its pilot-scale biotech manufacturing equipment, serves as a ‘flight simulator’ for biotech manufacturing. NIBRT is now working with world-leading companies, providing detailed and significant training as well as growing its investment in process research.” According to Fanning, the original background in process engineering, the history in food processing and the quality of the education system gives Ireland a strong advantage when high-level skills are a priority. “A key target is to grow out the sub-supply base, both in terms of manufacture and services. Ireland has attracted a number of the global CRO (clinical research organisations) companies, including Quintiles, PPD, Parexel and Icon, using Ireland as a base to support their international activities,” Fanning said. Clinical trials environment is key When it comes to discovery and clinical trials, the Irish Pharmaceutical Healthcare Association (IPHA) interfaces with both the pharma industry and health services in Ireland to increase clinical trials and boost discovery. IPHA CEO Oliver McCarthy believes that Ireland’s ability to facilitate discovery and clinical research is an asset, but we need to move faster in terms of adoption of proven drugs by our health services. ‘We think Ireland can do well as a promoter, developer and adopter of innovation across the value chain’ – OLIVER MCCARTHY “We represent the research-based pharma industry that is producing and researching and offering new medicines based on research. We work with over 47 companies here in Ireland, including 39 that are involved in making prescription drugs. “In the value chain of biopharma, we would be involved in advocating for policies and improvements in the areas of discovery and adoption, [to] improve access to medicines in Ireland through clinical trials and research.” McCarthy said that a welcome development has been the establishment of the Health Research Board’s Clinical Research Coordination Ireland (CRCI) network of clinical research hubs. McCarthy said this is essential to the successful conduct of world-class, patient-focused research. “We have seen the intensity of clinical trials increase in the last few years and the CRCI is definitely helping in this regard. “It is a crucial part of the ecosystem and how we position Ireland as an innovation island. When companies look at Ireland, they often see the return on investment, the corporation tax and, of course, the people. “But I think companies in this space also like to know that this is an environment where the innovation they are interested in capturing – from a discovery and translational research aspect – is being adopted too, and that there is an openness in the value chain for adoption of these companies’ medicines in our health services.” McCarthy said companies that invest increasingly look at this kind of environment and assess the whole innovation ecosystem. “There is room to improve. We are not satisfied that it is as good as it should be and we are calling on State authorities to improve the efficiency of processes to get faster results.” He said Ireland currently ranks 16th out of 26 countries in terms of the number of medicines approved for use in health services. “That’s not the best and we want to improve. “We have a fantastic base here. We think Ireland can do well as a promoter, developer and adopter of innovation across the value chain. That’s our ambition to encourage policymakers to speed up adoption.” Capturing the next wave Matt Moran, director of BioPharmachem Ireland (the Ibec body that represents the industry) said that nevertheless, the industry’s shift in Ireland from being a process-based part of the supply chain to being at the pinnacle of product development is no mean feat. “For a long time, the industry went through a patent-cliff period where things slowed down. But Ireland has caught the new wave of capital investment in new molecule and biotech. In a single decade, anything up to €10bn in capital investment has been announced. New and existing companies are investing – companies like BMS, Lilly and Mallinckrodt – and are driving a significant expansion of the sector. ‘It’s a good time in the industry. Its agility and responsiveness, reputation for high standards and compliance makes it a magnet for further investment’ – MATT MORAN “It used to be just process and product, but you are also seeing shared services roles, and most are tacking on R&D to what was traditionally a manufacturing hub.” Just like the digital sectors, Moran warns that finding people is difficult. “Talent is a challenge. Competitiveness is a challenge. The main problem is getting enough people to work in an expanding sector. It is an opportunity as well as a challenge, and we need more people coming out of college with STEM degrees. “The work that needs to be done in promoting the industry is enormous and we are working with the Institute of Technology, for example, to create apprenticeship model for people with non-traditional skills to be trained to work in the sector.” Moran said the infrastructural supports that have grown in recent years have been substantial, from the creation of NIBRT to the SSPC (Solid State Pharmaceutical Cluster), one of the Science Foundation Ireland Centres for Science, Engineering and Technology. “You are seeing infrastructure growing up around the industry, resulting in a more integrated life sciences cluster. The key has been a supportive and responsive government that gets it. “Overall, the industry has never been stronger. It’s a good time in the industry. Its agility and responsiveness, reputation for high standards and compliance makes it a magnet for further investment. “What we are seeing is a shift from small molecule manufacturing to large molecule manufacturing, and BMS, Alexion, Regeneron and Pfizer are all hiring people.” I put it to Moran that, as traditional pharma companies downsize, can’t the skills be shifted to the newer operations? “That’s the beauty of the sector. There is a lot of mobility in the sector if you have chemical engineering skills and qualifications, and that’s where NIBRT also comes in very useful in terms of training and upskilling.” But, ultimately, Moran warns, the difficulty is encouraging parents and new generations of schoolkids to foster a love of science and consider rewarding careers in an industry that keeps giving. “It’s a constant challenge. That’s why we hope our BioPharma Ambition event at Dublin Castle in February will help raise the profile of the industry. “The industry has a job of outreach to do. When you bring people to these facilities, they get it and their eyes light up. Also, the rise of entrepreneurs like Nora Khaldi of Nuritas, and Mark Barrett and Brian Glennon of APC, will help shine a light on the cluster,” said Moran. A Pentium moment for pharma As well as the rise of life sciences entrepreneurs, the opportunity for greater cross-pollination between the pharma and the technology industries is ripe for exploration, explained Colin Mac Hale, industry director (EMEA) for health and life sciences at Intel. “Technology has redefined what is possible for life as we know it. The $2.7bn, 10-year international research effort to map all of the genes of our species that [was] completed in 2003, referred to as the ‘Human Genome Project’, will be viewed by historians as one of the most important medical research projects ever. ‘It’s an understatement to say that the life sciences industry is in the middle of the most dramatic transformation it has ever seen’ – COLIN MAC HALE “10 years after that historic milestone, the industry became capable of building high-volume genome sequencing instruments that could sequence 18,000 human genomes per year, breaking the ‘$1,000 genome in one day’ barrier. This opened the door to population studies and clinical usage models that had not been possible before. Soon, we will be at the cusp of the $100 genome, where doctors will be able to unravel the DNA of a patient’s entire genome in an hour, opening the door to routine personalised diagnosis and treatment plans. This will transform our understanding of disease detection and prevention. “Technology is underpinning all of this. It’s an understatement to say that the life sciences industry is in the middle of the most dramatic transformation it has ever seen. This is one of the most striking examples of Moore’s Law in action. Moore’s Law democratises computing. It’s a pretty powerful law of economics. It says that by advancing semiconductor manufacturing capability at a regular cadence, we can bring down the cost of any business model that relies on computing. “Genomics data is the biggest of big data, and high-volume genome sequencing generates an enormous amount of it. That data needs to be analysed as fast as it is produced. Intel has teamed up with leaders in the life sciences industry to bring to market fast, scalable and affordable analytics solutions that have freed genomic data to be widely accessible for research around the world.” Mac Hale cited the collaboration between Qiagen Bioinformatics and Intel to create a platform that could enable the full analysis of human genomes for as little as $22 each. Qiagen’s Clinical Insight (QCI) platform was used by Rigshospitalet, one of Denmark’s largest and most specialised hospitals, to implement a precision medicine capability for more than 700 advanced cancer patients. Using actionable insights delivered by the QCI platform, doctors found clinically actionable onco-driver mutations and therapies in 40pc of those patients. More than half of those patients were able to enrol in clinical trials to receive drug therapies targeted at their genetic profile. Mac Hale said that just like the moment when the Pentium processor made the PC mainstream, advances in precision medicine, genome sequencing and biologics are changing the game in areas such as oncology, paediatrics, pharmacogenomics and reproductive health. And Ireland is in the right place at the right time. “Our goal is to make healthcare a lot more precise for every individual that healthcare delivery organisations care for. We see a day where every individual suffering from disease will have molecular drivers of that disease clarified, and have new treatment doors opened up for them that [are] as unique as they are. In that regard, we are on the cusp of a Pentium-type era in life sciences.” In-Depth: Life Sciences Week, More on IDA Ireland Related: Pharma, government & policy, IDA Ireland, Ibec, biotech, employers, life sciences, research, Intel, funding and investment 66 DAYS 4 HOURS 26 MINUTES Get your early bird tickets now! Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Innovation Back to the future: The first steps in establishing the Irish biotech cluster 1 day ago27 Shares Hiring Now Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. Life-changing career opportunities for you Be part of a globally successful team Excellence in research for innovation and analytics Think for impact with Liberty IT. Delivering global software solutions Machines Ireland is the middle of the perfect storm of robotics and AI, says IDA 17 May 2017183 Shares Jobs The Aliens are coming as Cork gets 50 new computer security jobs 11 May 2017124 Shares WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT FEATURED EMPLOYERS? Photo via Gajus/Shutterstock Silicon Republic’s Featured Employers campaign highlights top companies that are hiring right now. To find out more about the campaign and how to become part of it, please submit an enquiry Innovation Ireland a ‘phenomenal place’ to develop drugs of tomorrow 10 minutes ago1 Share Machines How willing are we to let a robot be our future doctor? 51 minutes ago Advice ‘Do what you love – you have to want to go to work in the morning’ 18 Apr 201724 Shares Latest News Ireland a ‘phenomenal place’ to develop drugs of tomorrow 11 minutes ago How willing are we to let a robot be our future doctor? 51 minutes ago How can you make your career matter? Spend it saving lives 1 hour ago How to bring more talent into the world of life sciences 1 hour ago Mobile payments an exploding scene, especially in China 1 hour ago Dublin faces many challenges in bid to be new EMA host, but can it win? 2 hours ago Side effects of CRISPR lead to hundreds of unintended mutations 3 hours ago Ireland on the cusp of a Pentium-like era in life sciences 3 hours ago Google’s new job search tool already seen in the wild 3 hours ago Future-proofing the Irish healthcare system 4 hours ago The new gold standard: How will the latest research prevent aneurysms? 4 hours ago Who doubted HTTPS? Wikipedia switch thwarts state censorship 4 hours ago MSD to create 330 new jobs in Cork and Carlow in massive €280m expansion 5 hours ago More than half of NDRC companies attract follow-on investment 20 hours ago Ireland adds another fish counter after salmon stock recovery 20 hours ago Xilinx CIO Kevin Cooney honoured by Irish Computer Society 20 hours ago What will working in biopharma look like in the future? 21 hours ago China looks to crack down on cyberterrorism with new laws 22 hours ago ‘It is a truly exciting time for industrial design’ 23 hours ago ‘Clean tech’ Dublin buses on way amid €1bn overhaul 1 day ago ‘There is a tsunami of healthcare challenges descending on society’ 1 day ago 10 life sciences areas recruiting hard in 2017 1 day ago Life sciences: The €39bn export story everyone should know about 1 day ago €60m on offer for regional job creation initiatives in Ireland 1 day ago More from Discovery Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Skip to Content Search: All AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products Browse all medications: a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Advanced Search Topics & Tools Facebook Twitter Google Plus Sign In Sign In Register Menu Close Account Sign In Register Now Drugs A-Z A-Z Drug Index Drugs by Condition Drugs by Class Generic Drugs OTC Drugs International Drugs Natural Products Veterinary Products Info en Español Drug Side Effects Dosage Guides Pregnancy Warnings Breastfeeding Warnings Pricing & Coupons Inactive Ingredients Advanced Search Phonetic Search Pill Identifier Interactions Checker News Q & A Pro Edition Apps More Videos Slideshows Mobile Apps Pricing & Coupon Guide Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Home › News › Pharma Industry News › Monthly News Roundup - May 2017 Print Share All News Consumer Pharma New Drugs Pipeline Clinical Trials FDA Alerts Monthly News Roundup - May 2017 Tweet Actemra: First Drug Approved to Treat Giant Cell Arteritis Actemra (tocilizumab) from Hoffman La Roche has gained a new indication as the first drug approved to treat adults with giant cell arteritis, a specific type of vasculitis. Vasculitis is a group of disorders that leads to swelling of blood vessels. In a clinical study of 251 patients with giant cell arteritis, the primary endpoint, defined as the proportion of patients achieving sustained remission from Weeks 12 to 52, was met. Sustained remission included absence of symptoms, normalization of inflammatory laboratory tests, and tapered use of prednisone. More patients receiving Actemra plus prednisone achieved sustained remission compared to patients receiving placebo plus prednisone. A First: FDA OK’s Keytruda For Any Solid Tumor Based on Biomarker For the first time in cancer treatment, a drug has been FDA-approved based on a tumor’s biomarker (specific genetic marker) without regard to the tumor’s original location, such as with breast cancer. Merck’s Keytruda (pembrolizumab) can now be used for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic solid tumors that have been identified as having a biomarker referred to as microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR). This use includes patients who have failed therapy with no alternatives and those with advanced colorectal cancer who failed certain chemotherapy drugs. In studies, a total of 15 cancer types were identified, most commonly colorectal, endometrial and other gastrointestinal cancers. IL-6 Antagonist Kevzara Cleared to Treat Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) Kevzara (sarilumab), from Regeneron and Sanofi, is an interleukin-6 receptor (IL-6R) antagonist newly FDA-approved for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response or cannot tolerate one or more disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs). Kevzara may be used alone or in combination with methotrexate (MTX) or other conventional DMARDs. In the MOBILITY study, treatment with Kevzara plus MTX improved physical function and demonstrated significantly less radiographic progression of structural damage compared to placebo plus MTX. In studies, common side effects included neutropenia, increased liver enzymes, and injection site redness, among others. FDA Approves Radicava to Treat Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis It's been over 2 decades since a new drug was approved for ALS. This month, the FDA approved Radicava (edaravone) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), commonly referred to as Lou Gehrig’s disease. ALS is a rare disease that kills the nerve cells that control voluntary muscles, and most people die from respiratory failure. Radicava is a free radical scavenger that relieves oxidative stress and may affect progression of ALS. In studies at week 24, individuals receiving Radicava declined less in assessment of daily functioning compared to placebo. Common side effects reported in clinical trials were bruising and gait disturbance. AstraZeneca’s Imfinzi Cleared for Advanced Bladder Cancer Imfinzi (durvalumab) has been FDA-approved for the treatment of patients with advanced urothelial carcinoma who have disease progression despite use of platinum-containing chemotherapy with or without surgery. Imfinzi is an anti-PD-L1 (programmed death ligand-1) human monoclonal antibody. In studies, Imfinzi had an objective response rate (ORR) of 17%, regardless of PD-L1 status, with an ORR of 26.3% in patients with PD-L1 high-expressing tumors. Among 31 patients who responded to treatment, 14 patients (45%) had ongoing responses of at least 6 months and 5 patients (16%) at least 12 months. Of all evaluable patients, 2.7% achieved a complete response. Posted: May 2017 More News Resources FDA Medwatch Drug Alerts FDA Drug Safety Labeling Changes Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Drug Shortages Clinical Trial Results Generic Drug Approvals Monthly Update Archive Latest Drug Information Updates Imfinzi Imfinzi (durvalumab) is an anti-PD-L1 (programmed death ligand-1) human monoclonal antibody for the treatment... Radicava Radicava (edaravone) is a free radical scavenger that relieves the effects of oxidative stress, a likely... Kevzara Kevzara (sarilumab) is an interleukin-6 receptor (IL-6R) antibody for the treatment of adults with rheumatoid... Tymlos Tymlos (abaloparatide) is a synthetic peptide analog of hPTHrP (human parathyroid hormone-related protein)... Rydapt Rydapt (midostaurin) is an oral, multi-targeted kinase inhibitor for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia... Alunbrig Alunbrig (brigatinib) is an anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitor for the treatment of patients with... More drug information updates FDA Consumer Updates Depression: FDA-Approved Medications May Help Dealing with ADHD: What You Need to Know Making Decisions for Your Health: Getting the Info You Need FDA: Cutting-Edge Technology Sheds Light on Antibiotic Resistance More FDA updates Latest FDA Drug Alerts Mibelas 24 Fe Chewable Tablets by Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc.: Recall - Out of Sequence Tablets and Missing Expiry/Lot InformationMay 29, 2017 Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc. announced a recall of lot L600518, Exp 05/18 of Mibelas 24 Fe (Norethindrone Acetate and Ethinyl Estradiol 1 mg/0.02 mg ... Brilinta (ticagrelor) 90 mg tablets, 8-count Physician Sample Bottles: Recall of Lot # JB5047 - Due to Report of Another Medicine in One BottleMay 26, 2017 AstraZeneca is notifying physicians and consumers that it is voluntarily recalling one lot of professional (physician) sample bottles containing... Caverflo Natural Herbal Coffee: Recall - Presence of Undeclared Active Pharmaceutical IngredientsMay 26, 2017 Caverflo.com is voluntarily recalling all lots of Caverflo Natural Herbal Coffee, 25 grams to the consumer level. FDA laboratory analysis confirmed... Subscribe via RSS Get alerts delivered by email More FDA Alerts Available RSS Feeds Select any link below to view the RSS feed. Daily MedNews Pharma Industry News FDA MedWatch Drug Alerts New Drug Approvals New Drug Applications Clinical Trials News Labeling Changes Drugs in the Pipeline Kevzara Tavalisse DE-109 Emflaza Yuvvexy CTL019 neratinib Tavalisse baricitinib Dexycu More Drugs.com Mobile Apps The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices. Explore Apps Support Help Center Frequent Questions Sitemap Contact Us About About Drugs.com Advertising Policy Content Submissions Drugs.com Blog Terms & Privacy Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Attribution & Citations Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published. Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated May 1st, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated May 3rd, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated May 2nd, 2017) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy. Third Party Advertising We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com. All rights reserved. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on GooglePlus Email to a friend Hide
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media after Secret Service suggests she will be investigated for threatening the president 'Despite the constant negative press covfefe': Internet mercilessly mocks Trump after he posts incoherent late night tweet as Spicer makes today's press briefing off camera following Tuesday's debacle Dallas Cowboys cornerback Nolan Carroll is arrested on DWI charges after leaving a club that was throwing a welcoming party for him Call me, maybe? Trump is handing out his unsecured cellphone number to world leaders - breaking protocol and raising security fears (and only Trudeau has phoned him) CBS News anchor Scott Pelley is sacked and his desk cleared while he's away on assignment for 60 Minutes America throws away enough food each year to feed most of the WORLD: Study claims Americans dispose of nearly 40 percent of the produce they buy Eat oats, approach muesli with caution and forget about rice puffs: Just which breakfast cereals are REALLY healthy? Is he getting ANOTHER chance? Huma Abedin 'invites disgraced husband Anthony Weiner to move back into the family home' after taking the $11,900-a-month apartment off the market 'He put three fingers in my mouth and shook my head like a dog shakes a toy': Online romance-seekers reveal the worst Tinder dates they have ever been on Tennessee teacher, 50, who went on the run with 15-year-old girl pleads not guilty to federal kidnapping charges Pictured: 15-year-old girl killed after car she was traveling in plowed into a fire truck blocking the road on Memorial Day 'It's shameful and disgraceful': Tearful Rebel Wilson accuses magazine publisher of 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial 'You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!' Portland white supremacist goes on vile rant as he is arraigned for the murders of two train passengers who tried to save Muslim girl from him - as his only surviving victim watches  Disturbed man who threatened police with a FAKE gun inside Orlando International Airport arrested amid huge police response after he tried to commit suicide by cop Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Would YOU give up make-up to guard against breast cancer? Charity warns of the potentially harmful chemicals lurking in popular products from foundation to lip gloss Dozens are feared dead and hundreds more injured in massive suicide car bomb attack in Kabul How is the state of YOUR spelling? From 'pneumonia' to 'diarrhea', Google reveals America's most misspelled words Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to tragic fan Martyn Hett who died in Manchester terror attack after she found out that he was meant to be in her audience this week Manchester mosques REFUSE to bury suicide bomber Salman Abedi's body as it emerges his corpse is kept outside the city and away from his victims  That's a royally big surprise! Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi before boarding a sea plane as they continue their honeymoon in Australia Marilyn moment! Pippa Middleton's $800 Kate Spade dress billows in the bitterly cold Sydney wind - as she appears to question her summer attire Sydney’s royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $19,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT twenty years after the teacher spent seven years in prison for sleeping with the student, 12, then married him after her release and had two children  Previous Next Tiger Woods had two flat tires and fresh damage to his Mercedes when he found asleep at the wheel at 3am: Golf star told cops who asked why he was out after taking FOUR prescription drugs, 'I don't know, I just like to drive'  The Probable Cause Affidavit from Tiger Woods' DUI arrest reveals that the golfer was asleep at the wheel when he was approached by police early Monday Cops found his Mercedes had two flat tires and 'fresh damage' on driver's side The 41-year-old golfer had to be woken up by an officer and stated that he did not know where he was after first claiming he had driven from California  'I asked Woods where he was going to which he stated he did not know, he just likes to drive,' the arresting officer's affidavit states  His speech was 'extremely slow and slurred' according to the report, and he failed four field sobriety tests The golfer did correctly recite the national anthem backwards   Woods did submit to a breathalyzer and blew a .000 both times, which suggests that there was no alcohol in his system  He also agreed to a urine test, the results of which have not been released at the time  The affidavit, which was obtained by DailyMail.com, reveals that Woods was on four prescription drugs - Soloxex [sic], Vicodin, Torix and Vioxx By Hannah Parry and Chris Spargo and Jose Lambiet In Jupiter, Florida For Dailymail.com Published: 00:42 EDT, 31 May 2017 | Updated: 01:15 EDT, 31 May 2017 e-mail 8 shares 15 View comments Tiger Woods had 'extremely slow and slurred speech' and didn't know where he was when he was woken up by police early Monday morning, according to his DUI arrest report Tiger Woods's Mercedes had two flat tires and 'fresh damage' on the driver's side when cops found him asleep behind the wheel.  The 41-year-old golfer had 'extremely slow and slurred speech' and didn't know where he was when he was woken up by police early Monday morning, according to his DUI arrest report. He failed four field sobriety tests according to the Probable Cause Affidavit, which was obtained by DailyMail.com - which also revealed Woods was on four prescription drugs - although he tested negative for alcohol. New documents released on Tuesday reveal that both tire rims on the driver's side of the Mercedes had some small but visible damage, while the front and rear tires on that side were flat. There was also some minor damage to the bumper on the driver's side, and scuffs and scratches on the rear bumper. The passenger side rear taillight was also not working, according to the documents.   The affidavit states that at 2:03am, Eldrick T. Woods was approached by a member of the Jupiter Police Department, who found him wearing his seat belt while sound asleep at the wheel of his $222,000 Mercedes. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at the wheel and on FOUR prescription... Lindsey Vonn shows off her bikini body and cozies up to new... Ariana Grande to join forces with Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus... Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet... Share this article Share The star's car was idling in the middle of Military Trail about one mile from police headquarters, a deserted stretch of road at night but an extremely busy traffic artery during the day. Both his brake lights and flashers were on. After he was woken by cops, Woods - who was alone in the car - told them he had no idea where he was, according to the paperwork. 'I asked Woods where he was going to which he stated he did not know, he just likes to drive,' the arresting officer's affidavit states. Up and at 'em: Eldrick T. Woods was approached by a member of the Jupiter Police Department, who found him wearing his seat belt while sound asleep at the wheel of his $222,000 Mercedes (above) Scene: The 41-year-old golfer had to be woken up by an officer and stated that he did not know where he was after first claiming he had driven from California (site of Woods' DUI arrest above) Another officer said that Woods was falling asleep even after police had come to investigate his car.  The golfer later stated 'he was coming from LA California from golfing,' reads the report. 'Woods stated that he did not know where he was. Woods had changed the story of where he was was going and where he was coming from.' He then asked 'how far from his house he was,' according to the affidavit. When asked again where he was coming from and heading to, he told police he was leaving LA and 'that he was on his way down to Orange County.'  Wearing athletic shorts and a t-shirt, Woods was actually driving south, away from his home on Jupiter Island, the report notes. After a fellow cop, who was interviewing the suspect returned to his car, he observed 'the driver fell asleep with his eyes closed and his head up against the headrest.'  Woods was described as cooperative and confused at first in the reports, which goes on to reveal that he agreed to a breathalyzer despite earlier reports. Bad news: The Probable Cause Affidavit from Tiger Woods' DUI arrest reveals that the golfer was asleep at the wheel when he was approached early Monday (Woods above in March) The affidavit also states that there were no odors coming from Woods or the car, this also despite earlier reports claiming that Woods' breath smelled like liquor according to one officer on the scene. Police say that when he exited his car, he was struggling to keep upright and was 'swaying and nearly lost his balance.' He leaned down to tie his shoes, resting his foot on the police patrol car, and 'nearly lost his balance.' 'I asked Woods if he wished to takeoff his shoes. Woods removed his shoes and left them under the front end of my patrol vehicle,' the officer said in the report. Woods appeared confused and seemed to struggle during the sobriety tests. At one point, when Woods was asked to say recite the alphabet backwards to check if he might be under the influence of drugs or alcohol, he instead offered to 'recite the entire national anthem backwards.'  'When asked if he understood the directions he stated, 'yes, recite the entire national anthem backwards.'  Only after the instructions were repeated did he eventually get it right.  'After several times of explaining the instructions he competed the task correctly,' the officer said in the report. Performing under pressure: After failing four field sobriety tests, Woods did manage to successfully recite the national anthem backwards (report above) Family: Wodds and ex-wife Elin Nordegren share custody of their daughter Sam, 9, and son Charlie, 7 (Woods and Nordegren with Sam in 2009 above) Woods was also asked to perform a Walk & Turn first according to the affidavit, but 'could not maintain starting position,' 'missed heel to toe each time,''stepped off line several times' and 'used arms for balance.' Woods also 'stopped walking to steady self' at one point notes the report. He next was asked to perform a One Leg Stand, and was unable to raise his leg off the ground six inches, placing his foot down 'several times' while he tried to complete the test. The Finger To Nose seemed to confuse Woods, who despite having the instructions explained to him multiple times and claiming he understood what was being asked of him failed to complete the task as ordered according to the report. Woods also did not complete the Horizontal Gaze Nystagmus as he 'did not follow the stimulus.' In total, six members of law enforcement were involved in the arrest, five of whom were on the scene of the incident at some point on Monday.  'Based on all my observations, Woods SFSTs, and statements made by Woods, I believed I had probably cause to arrest and charge Woods with DUI.' The golf pro was placed in handcuffs, placed under arrest and transported to the station where at 4am, a little less than two hours after the arrest, Woods was observed by one of the officers on the scene for 20 minutes prior to submitting to a breathalyzer. The affidavit notes that Woods' speech was 'slow, sluggish, very slurred' and his attitude was described as 'sluggish, sleepy, unable to walk alone.' Woods was 'cooperative as much as possible' but 'very droopy, extremely sleepy' and had trouble keeping his eyes open.  The breathalyzer was agreed to the report notes, and the results were explained to Woods after he blew a .000 twice in the span of three minutes. He then agreed to the urine test, which was drawn at 4:40 am according to the report, and was read his rights. The results of which have not been released at the time. VICODIN Vicodin is a powerful painkiller prescribed for moderate to severe pain. It contains a mix of hydrocodone (an opioid) and acetaminophen (a less potent painkiller, like Tylenol, that accentuates the effects of hydrocodone). Hydrocodone can slow or stop breathing. Too much acetaminophen can damage the liver. The FDA warning for Vicodin says it 'may impair the mental and/or physical abilities required for the performance of potentially hazardous tasks such as driving a car or operating machinery; patients should be cautioned accordingly.' Users are warned not to take Vicodin if: - they have taken a MAO inhibitor in the last 14 days - they have recently taken a sedative - they have a history of alcohol problems  The affidavit, which also reveals that Woods was on four prescription drugs - Soloxex [sic], Vicodin, Torix and Vioxx. The affidavit notes that Woods has not taken Vioxx this year.    Woods refused however to complete the question and answer section of the form, which involves a mix of general questions about the current date and time along with personal questions about physical aliments or any prescription drugs an individual is taking at the time.  In the Notice to Appear, Officers state that there was no indication of alcohol influence during Woods' arrest, but under drug influence marked 'unknown.' Woods, who occupation is listed as 'athlete,' is facing a traffic misdemeanor for his driving under the influence arrest and will make his first appearance in court later this summer. That appearance is a mandatory one for Woods, who must be in attendance on that date according to the notice he received on Monday. He could be facing up to six months in prison if convicted on the charge, and be ordered to pay $1,000 in fines while performing up to 50 hours of community service. Woods could also walk free if test show he took no more than the recommended dosage of his medication, which was prescribed by a medical professional. It was hard for the golfer to walk according to the report, which notes that he has undergone four left knee surgeries and four Achilles operations. Woods' first knee surgery occurred back in 1994 while he was still in college, with the teenager having a benign tumor removed from his knee. His Achilles injuries meanwhile all came around the same time his career began to spiral back in 2008, with the four operations he underwent occurring between then and 2012.  Not noted on the report is the fact that Woods has also had four procedures done on his back as well, the most recent being the fusion procedure he underwent in April.  'The surgery went well, and I'm optimistic this will relieve my back spasms and pain,' Woods said shortly after the operation.  'When healed, I look forward to getting back to a normal life, playing with my kids, competing in professional golf and living without the pain I have been battling so long.' Work in progress: It was also hard for the golfer to walk according to the report, which notes that he has undergone four left knee surgeries and four Achilles operations (surgeries above) Rough time: Woods had difficulty signing his name (top left) and then writing in print (bottom right) on his Notice to Appear at 7:30am on Monday morning  His most recent blog post was just six day ago, and the typically laconic Woods wrote in depth about how happy he was with his surgery and his excitement about a possible return to golf. 'It has been just over a month since I underwent fusion surgery on my back, and it is hard to express how much better I feel. It was instant nerve relief. I haven't felt this good in years,' wrote Woods.  He went on to say that while it was a difficult decision to make, he ultimately agreed to the surgery so he could 'have a life with his kids.' VIOXX Woods said he has not taken this in the past year. Vioxx was withdrawn from the US market in 2004 over safety concerns that it increases risk of heart attack and stroke. A major report published by the journal Lancet found that 88,000 Americans had heart attacks from taking Vioxx, and 38,000 of them died. It is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (known medically as rofecoxib) that was once prescribed to treat osteoarthritis, acute pain conditions and period pains. Last year, manufacturer Merck & Co had to pay $830 million to resolve a class action suit with shareholders. The company has reserved $4.85 billion to settle legal claims with patients. Here is a brief timeline: - May 1999: First approved by the FDA in 1999, Vioxx was sold by Merck & Co. - December 1999: within months, a safety panel found that scores of patients had suffered serious heart problems or died - double the rate of those on a similar drug with different properties. - In the ensuing years, numerous studies found similar issues - but in that time, 20 million Americans took the drug - September 2004: Merck withdraws the drug after a large study found the clearest evidence that Vioxx increases the risk of heart attacks Woods then wrote about his career moving forward, stating: 'As for returning to competitive golf, the long-term prognosis is positive. My surgeon and physiotherapist say the operation was successful. It's just a matter of not screwing up and letting it fuse. I'm walking and doing my exercises, and taking my kids to and from school. All I can do is take it day by day. There's no hurry.' He added: 'But, I want to say unequivocally, I want to play professional golf again.' The golfer closed out the post as if it would be his last for some time, writing: 'That's about it for now. Have a great summer.'  Should he return, Woods would still be in striking distance of the two biggest PGA records, with his 79 wins just three shy of Sam Snead's record 82 and his 14 Majors four shy of record-holder Jack Nicklaus. Not one to weigh in on the personal matters of his fellow athletes, Nicklaus was forced to speak about Woods' situation due to the fact that he had a previously scheduled press conference on Tuesday afternoon ahead of the  Memorial Tournament, which he founded over four decades ago. When asked if he wanted to comment, Nicklaus responded: 'Not really.' He then added however: 'I feel bad for Tiger. Tiger's a friend. He needs all our help.'  Woods also owns a restaurant near his home in Jupiter, The Woods. The establishment offers classic American fare and drinks along with a lengthy list of bourbons, ryes, cognacs and cigars.    He released a book this past March as well,   Forbes estimated Woods' net worth to be $740million in 2016, with the golfer making $45.5million just that year in endorsements despite his lackluster play on the links.  Time will now tell if any of those big name sponsors, including Nike and Rolex, opt out of their relationship with the golfer.  Woods resigned with Nike back in 2013, but the company stopped making golf equipment last year, meaning that the athlete is being paid to wear their clothing. And that is something he will not be doing for some time after his surgery.  Secret garden: Woods lives in a $54million mansion in Hobe Sound that is well guarded and secluded (entrance above) In The Woods: The golfer also owns a restaurant near his home in Jupiter, The Woods (above), which offers classic American fare That personal fortune meanwhile comes after Woods handed over $750million to first wife Elin Nordegren in their 2010 divorce. The couple share custody of their daughter Sam, 9, and son Charlie, 7, with the exact details of their arrangement unknown due to a seal on the court documents, It is unclear if this arrest might impact the agreement between Woods and his ex-wife. Woods apologized for his actions in a statement late Monday, while claiming that he had not been drinking prior to his arrest and believed that he had suffered a reaction to a prescription medication. The golfer underwent fusion surgery last month. 'I understand the severity of what I did and I take full responsibility for my actions. I want the public to know that alcohol was not involved,' said Woods. 'What happened was an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications. I didn't realize the mix of medications affected me so strongly.' He went on to state: 'I would like to apologize with all my heart to my family, friends, and the fans. I expect more from myself, too. I will do everything in my power to ensure this never happens again.' Woods then closed out by expressing his gratitude for the local authorities, saying: 'I fully cooperated with law enforcement, and I would like to personally thank the representatives of the Jupiter Police Dept. and the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office for their professionalism.'  Share or comment on this article e-mail 8 shares Most watched News videos CCTV footage of police chasing suspected killers in South Africa Moment man tries to run from paedophile hunters caught on film Hikers film friend's last moments before being swept away Kathy Griffin 'beheads' Trump for photo session with Tyler Shields Tiger Woods arrested and charged with a DUI in Florida at 3am Zoo in Cambridgeshire evacuated after 'very serious incident' Jeremy Kyle guest threatens him: 'I'll squash your nose' Got the hump! Randy camels mate in front of bemused drivers Mum desperately reverses to escape masked carjackers Take a look inside Hamerton Zoo Park in Cambridgeshire 'Are you a moron?': Mum rebukes reckless driver that crashed Kathy Griffin issues an apology for offensive Trump picture 'What's the biggest whale you've harpooned?' Man live... Student, 21, is found 'raped, stabbed and strangled to... 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a... Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT: Teacher who... Woman, 19, is sentenced to death by stoning for adultery... Speed hump! Two camels cause a massive traffic jam in the... Mystery as two North Koreans are found dead in the same... Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the... Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at the wheel and on FOUR... Dramatic moment man, 38, who travelled 100 miles to 'meet... 'My wife is in ill health and we simply want to spend our... Commuter chaos as man throws himself in the path of a... Diana's Paris crash car 'was a rebuilt wreck': Mercedes... Energy companies DENY a 'power surge' was behind BA's IT... The tragic moment a teenage hiker jumped into a raging... Toddler sits perfectly still while tattoo artist dad... Schoolboy, 12, who hated getting into trouble hanged... Hero homeless man who rushed to save victims of the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 15 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting image of President Trump's severed head after Chelsea Clinton lashes out at comedian  Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi on Sydney Harbour as they bring their honeymoon to Australia Make-up free Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her glowing complexion as she catches a flight out of LA Appeared to be wearing no makeup Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Managed to maintain her modesty  Top of the crops! Jetsetting Kendall Jenner flashes tummy as she catches late night flight out of LA... less than a week after returning from Cannes 'They are really worried for him': Kourtney Kardashian and family share concern over Scott Disick behavior Hard partying  Pink shares snap of inked-up husband Carey Hart in just a TINY bathing suit...and the tatted 41-year-old almost  suffers a wardrobe malfunction Scott free! Kourtney Kardashian looks in high spirits as she steps out with little Mason...as her ex Disick parties with bevy of bikini girls in Cannes 'She's back!' Victoria's Secret announces official return of Angel Candice Swanepoel eight months after birth of son Superstar lingerie model 'Open for business!': Bethenny Frankel reveals she is ready to date again after split from banker Dennis Shields Looking for love It's Instagram official! Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Shayna Terese Taylor shares sweet snap of couple during romantic getaway Things are heating up Keeping it casual! Sarah Silverman wears hooded top and jeans to event promoting her new standup special At the Netflix For Your Consideration event The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second battle with cancer: Olivia Newton-John's many public trials Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Tragic comedy star  Top Chef's Padma Lakshmi shows off her sizzling body in red hot bikini The 46-year-old Top Chef star stripped off on Denver roof deck 'Big night!' Jennifer Lopez promotes premiere of World Of Dance on Instagram with help of Alex Rodriguez On the promotional trail  'She is feeling good and confident': Olivia Newton-John's longtime friend John Farnham claims the Grease star is staying 'positive' after breast cancer diagnosis Ashley Tisdale enjoys romantic stroll with husband after twerking up a storm with bestie Vanessa Hudgens over weekend Weekend partying  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Giving love another try? Sean Penn acts the gent and lugs the bags as he jets off with Robin Wright... seven years after  divorce 'He had the cleanest bill of health': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says her husband had his heart checked two months before sudden death 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  Checking up on her Double the beauty: Thandie Newton and Evan Rachel Wood look stunning as they lobby for Emmy nominations for HBO's Westworld Both looked fabulous  I write to ministers just like my dad, says William: Duke of Cambridge reveals his interest in politics during GQ interview but insists he doesn't 'lobby' them  Doggy diva! Mariah Carey cuddles her pet pooches Cha Cha and Jill E Beans... as they score free Wag dog walking FOR LIFE  Loves her dogs  Holding a torch! Rob Kardashian posts childhood photos of Blac Chyna with gushing captions calling her 'My little Angela' and 'the woman I love' Domestic bliss! Vanessa Grimaldi & Nick Viall go shopping for homewares in Montreal Reality star even wore a Canadian tuxedo alongside his lady Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $14,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Asking for advice? Pippa Middleton's husband chats to Sydney water taxi driver before he and his new bride catch a seaplane for a romantic lunch That's a sparkler! Pippa Middleton's brand new wedding band sets off her $260,000 diamond engagement ring perfectly as she steps out in Sydney  Riviera chic! Relaxed Pippa Middleton steps into the winter sunshine sporting black and white $600 Kate Spade dress - as she descends a ladder onto a water taxi Pippa Middleton and husband James Matthews take a sea plane to exclusive hideaway Cottage Point Inn for a romantic seven-course lunch Tiger Woods had two flat tires and damage to his Mercedes when found asleep at the wheel at 3am and told cops 'I don't know, I just like to drive' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Sun's out, guns out! Ryan Phillippe shows off musclebound arms as he enjoys lunch with ex-fiancee Paulina Slagter Displayed his tattoos Brooklyn Decker mixes and matches with leather jacket and white silk skirt at Band Aid premiere For the premiere of her movie Band Aid  Something borrowed... Emmy Rossum recycles her wedding flowers by donating them to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City Generous star  Looking good! Melanie Griffith goes makeup-free as she shows off her slim and trim figure in black athletic gear With cat eye sunglasses Not making the cut! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown auditioned for role in Wolverine movie Logan...but lost out to Dafne Keen Making a meal of it! Heidi Klum, 43, and toyboy lover Vito Schnabel, 30, go for romantic cruise in Greece before heading to dinner EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demanded she pay back $87k debt 'I naturally have black hair': Kim Zolciak reveals she's not a real blonde as she admits she's now 95% gray Known for wearing lots of wigs Still a Son Of Anarchy: Scruffy Charlie Hunnam takes his Harley out for a ride in Los Angeles Star was cruising around town on while running errands 'Such a kind heart': Emily Maynard pays tribute after Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance is found dead at 31 Police called to home Goodbye, Windy City! Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler list their 1.5 acre Chicago sprawl for $4.75million Is getting ready to call Nashville home  Trying to impress Billy Elliot? Make-up free Kate Mara leaves a ballet class in LA without her actor beau Jamie Bell Chatting away  Packing on the PDA! Derek Hough and girlfriend Hayley Erbert enjoy a rare day off together by cozying up lakeside He has been on tour  Revealed: Nashville star Powers Boothe suffered fatal heart attack while battling pancreatic cancer Nashville star Powers Boothe died at 68  'A truly good soul': Lisa Kudrow pays tribute to The Comeback co-star Robert Michael Morris as actor dies at 77 Posted an emotional tweet  Keri Russell looks sensational in skintight leather pants and semi sheer top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel after getting Hollywood Star Looked sensational  Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Forced to postpone tour Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to fan and social media star Martyn Hett who died in the Manchester terror attack and who was meant to be on her show Mommy and son time! Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with five-year-old Noah in Los Angeles after family Memorial Day break in Malibu Braless Alexa Chung teases a glimpse of her assets in a semi-sheer green gown as she lets her hair down at the launch of new fashion collection Not the jealous type! Richard Gere's younger girlfriend Alejandra Silva laughs as her sex symbol beau is kissed by another woman Didn't mind  'The delay is creating the vision': James Cameron defends 10 year gap between Avatar and Avatar 2 First movie was released in 2009 Giddy up! Gigi Hadid struts around New York City in knee-high riding boots At 5' 10'', she's one of the fashion world's favorite figures Missing him already? Khloe Kardashian looks downcast as she jets home from visiting Tristan Thompson The 32-year-old reality star stepped out solo  Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day published for 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial Hand in hand! Zoe Saldana enjoys a sunny stroll with her two-year-old twin sons Cy and Bowie Cut a stylish figure in skintight black jeans  'I couldn't get anyone to understand': Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario discusses her battle with anorexia in Interview magazine Deeply personal  The new normal: Jennifer Garner and little Samuel walk sisters Violet and Seraphina to school after Ben Affleck finally moves out Moving on  It's a Felicity reunion! Scott Speedman is at Keri Russell's side as she is honored with a star in Hollywood Onscreen love captured a generation's hearts Back in his arms! Bella Thorne goes on a date to a burger bar with ex Gregg Sulkin after her Scott Disick 'humiliation' in Cannes Reunited at the weekend EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at wheel under influence of prescription drugs and had to be woken by police then failed multiple sobriety tests A superhero movie with the woman in charge? Wonders never cease! JAN MOIR on the female-friendly comic-book blockbuster  Tiffany Trump quotes outspoken Donald Trump critic Muhammad Ali while sharing a photo of herself with boyfriend Ross Mechanic during beach getaway Bikini-clad Sofia Richie is joined by a group of pals as she enjoys another idyllic cruise on the French Riviera with Scott Disick Displaying toned abs Make-up free Lily Collins cuts a casual yet chic figure in leggings and khaki jacket as she grabs a coffee after hitting the gym  Dressed down  'She was a mentor!' Brady Bunch cast share their fond memories of TV mom Florence Henderson Matriarch from classic sitcom died in November 'Is it true that Mummy's dead?': Prince Harry's heartbreaking words to Charles as royals carried on as normal and attended church in hours after Di's death Moved on? Paris Jackson snuggles up to a mystery man three months after split with Michael Snoddy  The 19-year-old looked cozy with young hunk Annabelle Wallis flashes her cleavage in glittering pink gown as she joins glamorous co-star Sofia Boutella at The Mummy premiere in Paris Ariana Grande to join forces with Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and a star-studded line-up at One Love Manchester benefit gig for victims of terror attack  We won't take that! Row over Robbie Williams summer house hots up as four neighbors complain to the council over his 'whimsical' folly Taking him for a ride! Bella Hadid flaunts her body in tiny bikini as she takes the driver's seat on a jet ski with Lewis Hamilton during wild day of partying in Monaco Sheer are the best of pals! Alexa Chung flashes her underwear in sheer skirt as she joins casually cool Pixie Geldof for Alexa Chung's fashion launch 'He is the only actor I ever asked for an autograph': Bond star Pierce Brosnan reveals profound impact 'hero' Roger Moore had on him in touching tribute  Let's roll! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen goof around on pizza delivery scooter on set of new film Shooting rom-com Little Italy in Toronto 'I do not want them sat there with a 10 course f***ing menu with champagne': Millionaire Gordon Ramsay defends his decision to make his children fly coach Don't Look Back In Anger: Liam Gallagher delivers rousing performance at fundraising concert for Manchester terror attack victims EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL Lindsey Vonn shows off her bikini body and cozies up to new man in Monaco vacation pics - posted just hours after ex Tiger Woods' DUI arrest Today co-stars Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager pen emotional letters to their daughters teaching them importance of body positivity 'I really don't like being duped:' House of Cards actress Robin Wright says she STILL isn't paid the same as male co-stars, despite demanding a raise  A lady a day: Scott Disick, 34, gets VERY close to Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries as he rings in a week of steamy parties with woman NUMBER SEVEN  What IS sex addiction? As self-professed addict Scott Disick hops from girl to girl, therapists explain the 'science' behind his ravenous womanizing Precious bundle! Natalie Portman gives baby Amalia a loving cuddle as she keeps her close on outing She gave birth to little girl in February Steal their Insta-style! As Olivia Culpo and Emily Ratajkowski share stylish #ootd snaps on social media, FEMAIL reveals where to shop the exact pieces 'I should have sued the mongrels': Crocodile Dundee star Paul Hogan SLAMS tax man after alleged payout 'lies' Claims he's handed over  'tens of millions' Trans-Siberian Orchestra founder Paul O'Neill, 61, died from accidental overdose of pain killers and diazepam Found in Tampa hotel Sex symbol of a generation: The first James Bond girl to strip off, Molly Peters, passes away at the age of 75  Played opposite Sean Connery in Thunderball 'You feel like everybody is watching...' Plus-size model Ashley Graham admits she still feels SHY about unveiling her famous curves in a bikini 'Get the f**k out!' Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay throws suitor out after it is revealed he has a GIRLFRIEND The 31-year-old lawyer took no prisoners Diane Kruger bet against director that In The Fade 'wouldn't make Cannes'... and has to get an 'anchor tattoo' after film proved a triumph Actress getting inked 'I do love a teeny tiny bikini': Model Shanina Shaik announced as head of new swimwear campaign She's not shy of flaunting her enviable physique Daredevil star Elden Henson files for divorce from wife of three years Kira Sternbach He plays Foggy Nelson in hit Netflix show and they have a young son Action hero Tom Hardy takes his bike for a spin in London... but lets down his hardman image as he is spotted with learner plates 'She didn't want to miss seeing her': Nicole Kidman plans small gathering with mother Janelle ahead of milestone 50th birthday on June 20 Back to work! Jaden Smith puts Twitter tirade about 'cheese-spiked' pancake behind him as Cara Delevingne blows him a kiss on Toronto set of A Life In A Year Doing herself Justice! Leggy Victoria displays her endless gams in checked swimsuit and silver heels as she poses for new magazine shoot 'I was fighting with everyone!' Robert Pattinson's extreme method acting nearly cost him breakout Twilight role Hunk was almost fired He's a natural! Smiling Prince Harry welcomes veterans to Buckingham Palace as he hosts his first ever garden party on behalf of Queen Elizabeth 'He's dead to them': Scott Disick has 'burned his bridges with the Kardashians after hitting on SIX younger women to make Kourtney jealous' Carmelo and La La Anthony decide to delay divorce... but have no plans to reconcile The pair won't be signing divorce papers anytime soon Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Twinning! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake wear nearly identical outfits as they hitch a lift on a golf cart to catch their private jet after weekend in Hamptons 'The most glorious husband!' Neil Patrick Harris pays loving tribute to David Burkta on his birthday How I Met Your Mother star took to social media  Alexandra Daddario flaunts her cleavage in plunging LBD as Kelly Rohrbach dazzles in silver mini for Baywatch's Berlin premiere Hayley Roberts, 37, gives fiancé David Hasselhoff, 64, a pat on the rear before packing on the PDA at Baywatch event in Berlin Pair looked smitten Wining and dining! Mariah Carey and her toy boy love Bryan Tanaka toast to their rekindled love in Napa Diva, 47, and beau, 34, recently reunited Squad goals! Margot Robbie and her new husband Tom Ackerley ditch Cannes film festival for vacation in the French Riviera with friends 'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show 'All I Wanna Do... Is Fart On You!' Sheryl Crow jokes about how her young sons mock her 'super corny' music Singer opened up in a new interview Braless Dakota Johnson shows off serious sideboob as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' and breaks down in tears after learning of his DUI arrest while shopping at Neiman Marcus - then spends $5K and flees  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer's Memorial Day DUI arrest  Golfer pounced upon  'Unapologetic': Size 22 Tess Holliday shares a VERY revealing snap of herself modeling a lacy black thong, while admiring a stunning mountain view Leggy Priyanka Chopra wows in a thigh-grazing lace mini dress as she graces the red carpet for the Berlin premiere of new movie Baywatch Elisabeth Moss dazzles in an elegant sheer gown as she joins  co-star Gwendoline Christie at Top of the Lake China Girl screening Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles 'Is he wearing a prosthetic face?' Viewers are baffled by Matthew Perry's bizarre 'Play-Doh' appearance in TV drama The Kennedys Queen of the high street! Maxima of The Netherlands wears a yellow suit from Zara in her country's national color to visit a farm in Vietnam Heavily-pregnant Beyoncé exhibits her growing baby bump as she showers daughter Blue Ivy with affection ahead of birth of twins Just the two of us 'Kidding around': Amber Heard dotes on Elon Musk's children as actress enjoys blossoming romance with billionaire  Sightseeing in Sydney 'I like what I'm seeing': Farrah Abraham finds date in blind audition on Teen Mom OG: The After Show The 25-year-old sniffed out a new lover  Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's neighbors angry about plans for doggie day care at pair's $6.5m estate - claiming 'constant barking' would be nuisance GMA hosts gush over Teresa Palmer's new horror flick Berlin Syndrome as she reveals husband Mark thinks obsession with scary films is 'weird' 'My eggs are drying up': Landon Clements, 33, tearfully laments getting older on Southern Charm Loss of her youth hitting reality star hard Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star goofs around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER Appeared different Bor-at the beach! Isla Fisher and shirtless husband Sacha Baron Cohen join friend Jason Bateman and their children in Malibu Memorial Day family fun Salma Hayek looks spring chic in ruffled floral dress as she attends Gucci Cruise 2018 show in Florence with husband Francois-Henri Pinault Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  Critics accuse Ivanka Trump's brand of being 'out of touch' with guide on how to make champagne popsicles for Memorial Day 'Insensitive to veterans'  'Join me': Eminem helps raise more than $2million to support the victims of Manchester terror attack Social media support from rap legend The Queen of green: Mathilde of Belgian looks stylish in jade as she and husband King Philippe welcome competition judges to their home Bella Hadid showcases her slender physique as she takes center stage in smoldering new promotional campaign for Bulgari accessories Back to her roots! Selma Blair's natural hair color shines through as she steps out with ring on her RIGHT hand to dismiss engagement rumors Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Cannes I go back? 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks returns to normality as he heads out with friends in LA... after mingling with A-Listers at annual Film Festival 'Thank you Prince Harry for helping my mommy': Girl, 6,  whose military mother is taking part in Invictus Games steals the royal's heart with touching letter  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender legs in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Emma Watson keeps it casual in a checked blouse and white skinny jeans for low-key outing in New York Enjoying a break from her busy schedule  'Oh boy, critics had their venom and knives ready': Dwayne Johnson hits back as Baywatch is subject to bad reviews... after being branded a 'flop'  Child's play: '90s teen heartthrobs Hanson recruit their kids to star in new music video I Was Born It's been 25 years since Hanson first formed Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival   Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad behind as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Mom-of-three is proud of her body Low-key Kate Hudson enjoys a family outing with her son Bingham Bellamy, five, and her new beau Danny Fujikawa for Memorial Day in Malibu Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu 'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Pregnant Heidi Montag goes makeup-free as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in a low-key hoodie Pregnancy is suiting her down to the ground 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Home sweet home! Matt Damon and wife Luciana Barroso arrive at LAX airport after a trip to Monaco for the Grand Prix Long-haul flight Flower power! Crown Princess Victoria and Mary of Denmark put on another stylish display in summery prints during a tour of Stockholm  Glamorous royals Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco Daddy cool! Ryan Gosling looks relaxed as he enjoys a trip to the playground with daughter Esmeralda in LA Quality time Bag lady! Christina Milian is in the pink in top and matching trainers as she lugs Memorial Day goodies in LA Quite literally in the pink Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  Discovering just why Johnny Depp chose Stockholm's Grand Hotel to get over his messy divorce Retreated in the throes of a very public split  Blac Chyna is spotted on FaceTime with a mystery man... following split from on/off boyfriend Rob Kardashian Time for a new man? Joan Collins saw off amorous studio boss who pinned her against wall...and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, revealed Roger Moore in book Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Bust of friends! Lea Michele shows off assets in plunging top as she parties with chesty chum in Malibu As if they were seeing double 'Baby Nina': Shanina Shaik posts adorable throwback snaps of when she was a little girl  She's had striking looks since birth 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he's done with Pirates Of The Caribbean movies after Dead Men Tell No Tales Says it's the end for the iconic Captain Barbossa 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves     DON'T MISS Body art! Model Behati Prinsloo gets new tattoo on her forearm and shares the process in Instagram video Her camera captured her grimace Gucci style! Salma Hayek and hubby Francois-Henri Pinault are loved up in Florence for designer's Cruise 2018 Collection Retail therapy  'I AM MARRIED WITH ME': Single supermodel Adriana Lima shares bizarre photo of herself wearing diamond wedding band on Instagram 'He's not a bad person': Kim Kardashian insists there is 'no drama' between Kylie Jenner and Tyga after split In the rapper's defense  Breaking a sweat! Chris Pratt and John Krasinski honor Memorial Day by taking on The Murph Challenge fitness test together in the UK Fallen golf star Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of medications and alcohol wasn't involved as he apologizes  Natural beauty Zendaya goes make-up free while hiking with friends on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Star, 20, looked very relaxed Ed Sheeran confirms he hasn't popped the question to long-time girlfriend Cherry Seaborn... after Russell Crowe refers to her as the singer's 'fiancée' Pizza party! Tobey Maguire and Jennifer Meyer reunite for family outing with children in Los Angeles Reunited Monday for pizza with their children  Bright colors, a koala purse and Mickey Mouse flats: A look at Rebel Wilson's quirky ensembles during her defamation trial against Australian magazine Smooth landing! Line-free Nicole Kidman, 49, shows off her VERY taut face as she arrives home in Australia following long-haul flight after leaving Cannes Salud! Sofia Vergara rocks white bustier top and long lace skirt as she throws lavish Memorial Day party Shared the fun with her social media followers  Bling queen! Blac Chyna shows off her new ear piercing and diamond tooth in a series of Snapchats Feeling snap happy with her new jewelery Happy couple! Kirsten Dunst and fiance Jesse Plemons are all smiles in complementing outfits at Gucci show in Italy The first love is the sweetest 'A lady never tells': Rebel Wilson denies claims she lied about her real age to journalists Accused lawyer of dragging out questioning 'Bae watch!' Lea Michele gets playful on social media as she shows off her sensational figure in two tiny one-pieces for Memorial Day PICTURED: Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City Exchanged vows in front of a flower-packed altar Growing up fast! Chris Brown hosts pool party at Los Angeles home as daughter Royalty turns three Singer looked full of pride  What a catch! Alessandra Ambrosio reels in the attention as she goes fishing with her family in Malibu Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day  Good jeans! Lily Collins wears trendy denim jacket as she runs errands on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Dressed down star The littlest flag bearer! Nicky Hilton shares snap of daughter Lily on husband James Rothschild's shoulders as stars mark Memorial Day True Blood couple Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer head to the beach for a casual holiday with their twins Poppy and Charlie  Enjoying her family time Caliente! Victoria Justice poses on the beach during Mexico getaway as she celebrates sister's 21st birthday Looked stunning 'Bikini until it rains!' Kim Zolciak shows off her swimsuit body... while daughter Brielle flashes mom by exposing her breasts Pair have fun at home 'He's going through a difficult time': One of Tiger Woods' ex-mistresses says she feels sorry for the golfer after his DUI arrest in Florida on Monday  EXCLUSIVE: Double take! Shirtless Orlando Bloom spends day at the beach in Malibu with swimsuit-clad hottie...who looks just like his ex Katy Perry  'They had to split the back!' Poldark hunk Aiden Turner admits his was a 'few pounds too heavy' to fit into his fitted costumes for series three Party crew! Justin Bieber heads out in the Hamptons with Patrick Schwarzenegger and his gal pal Abby Champion  The 23-year-old singer played third wheel  'She was restricted from sitting down': Amber Heard's Aquaman costume said to be so tight that crew followed her around with a leaning WALL as relief Still making a deal? Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant is stuck to his phone as new wife Emilia wears sexy barely-there bikini on Mexican vacation Hidden turmoil behind Princess Diana's funeral: Her body was kept in a 'makeshift morgue' and William refused to walk behind the coffin  Prince William speaks candidly about Princess Diana's death and his regret that she didn't get to meet Kate, George and Charlotte as royals pose in off-duty shoot Rebel Wilson wears a pair of Mickey Mouse-inspired heels to court a day after insisting Walt Disney is her uncle - as she denies claims she lied about her age  'It is a process': Kim Kardashian admits 'begging' Khloe to be surrogate mother and help her have another baby on Watch What Happens Live Tom Cruise is the perfect gent as he offers Annabelle Wallis a hand at The Mummy premiere in Madrid... after UK screening is axed following terror attack  Reunited and it feel so good! The Bachelor's Nick Viall celebrates being in Montreal with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi with a big romantic airport kiss What a bag, lady! Leggy Olivia Munn totes $4k backpack as she struts around in flirty checked sundress Aaron Rogers' ex was spotted in Vancouver Paris Hilton shows off her toned figure and womanly curves in plunging pink bikini as she shares sizzling snaps from Ibiza break on Instagram Life and legacy of late President John F. Kennedy celebrated nationwide on his 100th birthday He was born on May 29, 1927 in Brookline, MA Easy rider! Chloe Sevigny shows off her toned legs in quirky ensemble as she cruises through New York City on a rental bike 'Her son will miss her forever': Busy Philipps shares her sadness at poet friend's tragic suicide... as she urges fans to seek help Made an emotive post  Secrets of an A-list body: How to get shoulders like Thandie Newton  Recently showed off her toned upper body and shoulders on red carpet Newly-single Leonardo DiCaprio is spotted with a bevy of beautiful women in Monaco... days after partying with supermodels in Cannes Back in the old routine Bringing retro back! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel spend the holiday weekend with Jimmy Fallon... in a vintage VW camper van Spied in the Hamptons  Scott Disick cannot keep his hands off model, 19, during wild vacation... after steamy displays with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie AND three other women 'We should have free lunch for all of our public students': John Legend donates $5,000 to help cover meal debts at 99 schools in Seattle Generous gesture Bizarre moment Flash Gordon faces off with the Incredible Hulk after the two actors got into a heated argument before a Comic Con fan had to pull them apart Only in Carrie Bradshaw's world! Sarah Jessica Parker releases a 'sneaker' - a sparkly $255 sandal that has T-straps, cut-outs, and glitter Romancing with the stars! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei reveals she has agreed to go on a date with DWTS rival Bonner Bolton Pair got close on show She's found true love! Lost star Maggie Grace weds fiance Brent Bushnell in California after three-month engagement Started dating last year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Bella Hadid exhibits her svelte figure as she parties with model pals on a super yacht following the Monaco Grand Prix Donald Trump Jr. marks Memorial Day with grueling Murph CrossFit challenge in Upstate New York named after Navy SEAL who died in Afghanistan 'I finally found summer!' Drew Barrymore rocks fun bird hat while posting snaps of beach vacation with four-year-old daughter Olive Size 22 model Tess Holliday pokes fun at herself by posing with a picture of a 'majestic' WHALE, before joking that she has been 'reunited with her family' 'Healing takes time, if it ever happens': Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder pays tribute to late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell at Amsterdam show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Winnie Harlow shows off her sensational figure in skimpy thong bikini as she parties with her rumored beau Lewis Hamilton  'I'm 30, I better get married': Kim sensed romance with Kris Humphries would end while on HONEYMOON after 'freaking out' about milestone birthday Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman disapprove of Connor's 'serious girlfriend' after her run-ins with the law and provocative social media profile Making a splash! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid jumps into the sea as she parties on a luxurious super yacht with shirtless Lewis Hamilton in Monaco Kim reveals she has not spoken to Taylor Swift since THAT blowup over Kanye's 'I made that b***h famous' lyric  Pop princess called it 'character assassination' Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden reveals her teenage anorexia battle resulted from the pressure of taking on royal duties at the age of 18 Joaquin Phoenix and Rooney Mara heighten romance rumors as they share affectionate display at the Cannes Closing Ceremony Headed home together Keen chef Cher, 71, shows off kitchenware including two Le Creuset dishes worth $1,350 inside her VERY organized pantry (but can you spot her cat?) Avoid specials, be wary of boasts and haggle for wine: Gordon Ramsay reveals his three golden rules for eating at restaurants  Inside information Emily Ratajkowski strikes a pose in a pretty frilled bikini for fun Instagram video as she shows off her amazing curves during family pool day in Texas John Legend sends video message to parents of Manchester victim Olivia Campbell, 15, as they release recording of her singing 'All of Me' for charity Beach babe! Hoda Kotb celebrates Memorial Day weekend with three-month-old adopted daughter Haley  Adorable baby nestled on a blanket Hoff-ing for a miracle? Priyanka Chopra heads to Germany to promote Baywatch movie where original star David Hasselhoff is king after film's US flop 'I'm odd!' SNL's Kate McKinnon reveals the secret to her success as she plays dress up for cover shoot Experiencing same fame as stars she parodies Leggy Ashley Tisdale slips her slender figure into backless leopard print swimsuit as she heads home from best pal Vanessa Hudgens' pool party in LA Oh baby! Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a teal bikini as she hits the beach in Thailand   Israeli model, 31, is Leonardo DiCaprio's ex Crown Princess Victoria opts for a SWAN print dress while Mary of Denmark plays it safe in lace as she joins the Swedish royals for dinner Back to the grind! Usher seen dancing against a scantily clad woman as he hosts a wild Memorial Day weekend party in Las Vegas Slender Sofia Richie sizzles in red floral bikini as she relaxes on a yacht in Monaco... after denying romance with Kourtney Kardashian's ex Scott Disick Miranda Kerr 'marries billionaire Snapchat founder Evan Spiegel in small but lavish event at his LA home' Supermodel was said to be 'ecstatic' Making a splash! Bikini besties Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale host twerk-a-thon as they rock sexy leopard print swimsuits Sexy side came out Nicole Kidman sends an apology video to Cannes after being unable to collect a special award as Will Smith gives a tear-filled speech on her behalf Kourtney Kardashian wows in VERY skimpy bikini as she cuddles up to toddler Reign after Cannes... as she 'BANS ex Scott Disick from seeing their children 'Mr. Sell' Fredrik Eklund jets off to Africa for romantic getaway with boyfriend after slashing price of Bethenny Frankel's apartment in bid to find buyer Son of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour enjoys 'intimate' baths with his pet MAGPIE (even though his wife thinks it's 'slightly inappropriate') She's got nude ambition! Daring Emily Ratajkowski goes completely NAKED as she gets to work on the set of new thriller Welcome Home in Italy Gabriel Byrne, 67, sweetly coos over his newborn baby daughter as he and his younger wife Hannah Beth King take their tot for a stroll in NYC Rachel McCord shows off her super toned abs in a very racy lace-up red bikini as she splashes about with her pals at Santa Monica beach Audience shocked as Three 6 Mafia's DJ Paul threatens drive-by shootings during Memphis concert after sound issues and power outage Miami heat! Victoria's Secret angel Lais Ribeiro frolics in the sea with her boyfriend during beach getaway Continued her Memorial Weekend showcase That looks tasty! Emily Ratajkowski keeps strength up by munching beef in skimpy bikini  after flaunting delightful derriere in sexy snap 'I've needed her': Angelina Jolie says she 'would give anything' to have her late mother Marcheline Bertrand help her through her divorce from Brad Pitt Kris Jenner oozes sex appeal in off-the-shoulder white dress and kinky boots in West Hollywood after stalker scare Looked very sleek  HBO's Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani tells graduates to 'have sex with an immigrant' as he gives college commencement speech in Iowa As IF she looks that good! Youthful Alicia Silverstone, 40, stuns in chic pink blouse and minimal makeup as she hosts Clueless screening in LA Has Princess Beatrice been cured of her workshy ways - by her former beau's go-getting new American love?   Her ex Dave Clark has just proposed  Good Lord! Bella Thorne shows Scott Disick what he's missing as she poses in underwear after brief Cannes fling Sizzling photos  'Obsessed' Rihanna fan 'vows to continue pursuit' of star as he's released from custody after pleading guilty to criminal trespass at her NYC penthouse Naomi Watts 'furious after ex Liev Schreiber broke their pact not to date anyone publicly for a year' and steps out with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown Matthew Perry cuts a scruffy appearance as he steps out with mystery blonde in New York City He's had his troubles since Friends ended Beach babe Alessandra Ambrosio hits the sand in Malibu wearing a white bikini after posting topless shot Showed off her figure  Lady in red! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting scarlet pencil skirt with matching heels and clutch as she steps out in Madrid  Island girl! Sofia Vergara dances with cocounts in crop top and colorful skirt as she prepares for tropical-themed Memorial Day party Adam Levine shows off new 'TRUE LOVE' tattoos on his fingers... while holding his wife Behati Prinsloo's thong-clad derriere Took to Instagram Mommy and me time! Jenna Dewan Tatum takes daughter Everly shopping during Memorial Day weekend Spotted out in LA with her lookalike daughter More bad blood! Ryan Seacrest 'FURIOUS' Katy Perry will be 'earning more money than him' on American Idol with $25million paycheck Charlotte McKinney flaunts her impossibly long legs in miniscule black dress and heels as she enjoys a dinner date in Malibu Looked sensational  'If it's missing I know he has it': Elsa Pataky says she and Chris Hemsworth SHARE the same $180 moisturizer as she reveals her beauty secrets Keeping Up With... Barbie! Kylie Jenner splashes out $20,000 to buy TWO huge art pieces inspired by the toy doll Canvas portraits Sorry Scott, she's not interested! Sofia Richie strips to her swimsuit for yacht day... as teen strongly denies she's dating her 'homie' Disick Quick to diffuse rumors Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea sizzles in skintight red top and leggings as she performs new single Switch on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon Uma Thurman goes for gold in gown as stunning Jessica Chastain leaves her best dress for last at glamorous final night of the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival  Just married! Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City The Shameless star got hitched Lea Michele flaunts her effortless style in figure-skimming silk dress as she steps out for dinner date in LA The Scream Queens actress dazzled Gillian Anderson transforms into glamour icon Monroe before impersonating rock star David Bowie on latest episode of hit show American Gods 'Someone just died': Kourtney Kardashian tries to 'rescue' Kris Jenner during firefighting exercise on KUWTK Put through their paces Milestone! Lily-Rose Depp rings in her 18th birthday modeling pink cowboy hats with Leila Rahimi Posted some social media updates Kendall Jenner looks chic in a fur-sleeved jacket as she gets back to LA life with dinner at Japanese restaurant She is getting back into the American groove Cannes Palme d'Or goes to Ruben Ostlund's The Square as Sofia Coppola becomes second woman to win best director Swedish comedy  'I felt like a fool': Sharon Osbourne admits she felt humiliated by Ozzy's cheating scandal... as the pair discuss renewing their vows  Getting ready to party! Benji and Joel Madden stock up with supplies ahead of Memorial Day Twins are married to celebrities Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie  Da ya think I'm spec-sy! Kimberly Stewart and daughter Delilah del Toro don glasses as they head to lunch Her father is veteran rocker Rod Stewart 'Shine brighter!' Ariana Grande's brother Frankie tweets support for victims of Manchester terror attack Sent his love  'Do it for the Graham!' Ashley gives an up-close and personal tour of her curves poolside in sexy bikini video Shared with her  Instagram followers Baywatch is a massive flop for The Rock after bringing in nearly $20MILLION less than expected over Memorial Day weekend Life's a beach for flick No hangover here! Hilary Duff enjoys a play date with son Luca following wild night out with Lea Michele Visited a farmers market in Studio City 'Blacked out by 12pm': Snooki pours herself a vodka drink on Memorial Day weekend boat trip with hubby The mother-of-two knows how to party  Super dad! Mario Lopez reveals his rock hard physique as he plays with his kids on Cabo vacation Enjoying a beach day with his family Going Overboard! Anna Faris is a dead ringer for Goldie Hawn as she films remake of 1987 comedy Filming the movie in British Columbia Today's headlines Most Read 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media... 'Despite the constant negative press covfefe'': Internet mercilessly mocks Trump after he posts incoherent,... Dallas Cowboys cornerback Nolan Carroll is arrested on DWI charges after leaving a club that was throwing a... Call me, maybe? Trump is handing out his unsecured cellphone number to world leaders - breaking protocol and... CBS News anchor Scott Pelley is sacked and his desk cleared while he's away on assignment for 60 Minutes America throws away enough food each year to feed most of the WORLD: Study claims Americans dispose of... Eat oats, approach muesli with caution and forget about rice puffs: Just which breakfast cereals are REALLY... Is he getting ANOTHER chance? Huma Abedin 'invites disgraced husband Anthony Weiner to move back into the... 'He put three fingers in my mouth and shook my head like a dog shakes a toy': Online romance-seekers reveal... Tennessee teacher, 50, who went on the run with 15-year-old girl pleads not guilty to federal kidnapping... Pictured: 15-year-old girl killed after car she was traveling in plowed into a fire truck blocking the road... 'It's shameful and disgraceful': Tearful Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day publisher of 'bullying and... 'You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!' Portland white supremacist goes on vile rant as he is... Disturbed man who threatened police with a FAKE gun inside Orlando International Airport arrested amid huge... Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she... Would YOU give up make-up to guard against breast cancer? Charity warns of the potentially harmful chemicals... At least 50 are dead and 300 injured in massive suicide car bomb attack near British embassy in Kabul How is the state of YOUR spelling? From 'pneumonia' to 'diarrhea', Google reveals America's most misspelled... Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to tragic fan Martyn Hett who died in Manchester terror attack after she... Manchester mosques REFUSE to bury suicide bomber Salman Abedi's body as it emerges his corpse is kept... A flying visit! A beaming Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews enjoy lunch at stunning Sydney... Marilyn moment! Pippa Middleton struggles to contain her $800 Kate Spade summer dress on honeymoon as it... Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $19,000-a-night honeymoon suite -... Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT: Teacher who spent seven years in prison for sleeping with her... Diana's Paris crash car 'was a rebuilt wreck': Mercedes pool car provided by hotel on night she died 'had... 'You did the right thing staying with your grandsons ': Incredible moment a 'shaking' Queen was comforted by... The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second brave battle with cancer: Olivia... Explained: Olivia Newton-John's new cancer diagnosis - from survival rates to treatment methods EXCLUSIVE: 'They haven't accused me of anything. I have nothing to hide.' British husband at center of FBI... MORE HEADLINES 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media after Secret Service suggests she will be investigated for threatening the president Student, 21, is found 'raped, stabbed and strangled to death' in South Africa as dramatic footage shows police chase down her suspected killers  Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT: Teacher who spent seven years in prison for sleeping with her student, 12, and having his two children is single as pair separate after 20 years Mystery as two North Koreans are found dead in the same Moscow hotel after BOTH suffering 'acute heart failure' as two more are rushed to hospital 'What's the biggest whale you've harpooned?' Man live streams sex with a woman while making degrading comments about her weight to a men's Facebook group with 14,000 members Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at the wheel and on FOUR prescription drugs when he was arrested for DUI: Golf star told cops he 'didn't know where he was' - but had NO alcohol in system  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer’s Memorial Day DUI arrest The tragic moment a teenage hiker jumped into a raging river and was swept away never to be seen again is released on video as a body is found Married Texas principal who killed himself in high school parking lot 'had been confronted about claims of an affair with his female secretary' Woman, 19, is sentenced to death by stoning for adultery after she was 'raped at gunpoint by her cousin' in Pakistan  EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance to make amends and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demands she pay back $87k credit card debt Speed hump! Two camels cause a massive traffic jam in the desert by mating in the middle of a motorway in Dubai Sean Spicer abruptly LEAVES White House briefing amid reporter revolt over attack on 'fake news' reports that rely on anonymous sources Clinton the Third? Chelsea fuels speculation she will run for office with children's book 'She Persisted,' appearance on 'Today' and finely tuned public profile A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER 'You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!' Portland white supremacist goes on vile rant as he is arraigned for the murders of two train passengers who tried to save Muslim girl from him - as his only surviving victim watches  'The president has a magnetic personality and amazing ability to make people feel special': Trump aide mocked for a response worthy of 'North Korea' to report revealing how he insults aides MS-13 girl 'lured an 18-year-old man to a park with the promise of sex before four gang members stabbed him to death 153 TIMES' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Digging it a little too much! Naked man climbs excavator on a Florida highway and starts masturbating in front of laughing drivers Diana's Paris crash car 'was a rebuilt wreck': Mercedes pool car provided by hotel on night she died 'had been stolen and driven into the ground earlier in the year' and 'hugely dangerous above 37mph' Top tennis player, 21, is banished from French Open after trying to grab and kiss female reporter on the neck live on air What has Trump's White House got to party about? Mystery 'disco' lights on the second floor spark a flurry of speculation... but a passing ambulance is to blame EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL for illegal construction of his 'Starship Enterprise' mansion Stranger buys $350 plane ticket for 19-year-old Army soldier so he can be with his family on Memorial Day Horrified mother finds her six-month-old son's casket floating in a dirty puddle ABOVE the ground when she visits his grave in Tennessee - just nine days after he was buried  Hero homeless man who rushed to save victims of the Manchester bomb is reunited with his mother...but he's still living rough despite £50,000 being raised to help him 'No one knows what happened to me': Missing girl who vanished in 1984 'takes over' Florida sheriff's Twitter account in eerie stunt to try to revive her cold case Trump communications director Mike Dubke RESIGNS three months after he accepted White House messaging job MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Britain backs first-line use of Merck's Keytruda under cancer fund By Reuters Published: 19:04 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 19:04 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail LONDON, May 31 (Reuters) - Britain's cost-effectiveness agency NICE has decided that Merck &amp; Co's immunotherapy drug Keytruda can be used in previously untreated lung cancer patients under special funding arrangements. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) said on Wednesday that it could not recommend routine use of the medicine in newly diagnosed patients, given the drug's high cost and uncertainties about overall survival benefits. But the agency backed Keytruda use within the Cancer Drugs Fund, signalling that it had the potential to satisfy the criteria for routine use on the National Health Service (NHS) for this group of patients but needs more investigation. The decision follows data presented at a medical meeting last year showing that Keytruda could help lung cancer patients whose tumours have a high level of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. Keytruda is already approved as a cost-effective second-line treatment for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer who have previously taken chemotherapy but no longer respond. MSD, as Merck is known outside North America, has agreed to provide Keytruda to the NHS at an undisclosed discount. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by David Goodman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Making a splash! Pippa and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney Harbour as they bring their honeymoon to Australia Issy Simpson soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she and Matt Edwards receive the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion 'She's back!' Victoria's Secret announces official return of Angel Candice Swanepoel eight months after birth of son Getting her wings back Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Top of the crops! Jetsetting Kendall Jenner flashes tummy as she catches late night flight out of LA... less than a week after returning from Cannes 'Chasing waterfalls'! Lauren Pope showcases her enviable abs and sizzling curves in a cobalt blue bikini as she parties in Marbella Bikini babe Scott free! Kourtney Kardashian looks in high spirits as she steps out with little Mason...as her ex Disick parties with bevy of bikini girls in Cannes 'I feel really sad and old': Nadia Sawalha, 52, breaks down in tears as she shows balding patches caused by perimenopause Emotional  'I put myself into relationship rehab': Caroline Flack admits she had a year-long romance detox... but is in now in a 'brilliant place' with someone Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour Don't Look Back In Anger: Liam Gallagher delivers rousing performance at fundraising concert for Manchester terror attack victims 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologises for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media Secret Service is investigating threats Ariana Grande will be joined by Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus as she takes to the stage for star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester victims Hotpant-clad Holly Willoughby GRINDS alongside Bradley Walsh's wife Donna as she shows off her sexy dance moves in cheeky clip  Britney Spears shows off impressive abs in revealing red bra top before heading off to Japan to launch her world tour Across Asia before Israel 'Producers were not happy and won't tolerate this': Britain's Got Talent semi-finalist Ali Rasul, 16, 'receives warning over sexist and racially insensitive' tweets I write to ministers just like my dad, says William: Duke of Cambridge reveals his interest in politics during GQ interview but insists he doesn't 'lobby' them  'Why is Alesha dressed like a daffodil'? BGT judge Dixon divides fans in a ruffled yellow mini dress... as Amanda Holden is praised for dazzling gold gown 'They are really worried for him': Kourtney Kardashian and family share concern over Scott Disick behavior EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second brave battle with cancer: Olivia Newton-John has faced more than her share of trials 'She is feeling good and confident of a total healing': Olivia Newton-John's longtime friend claims the Grease star is staying 'positive' after second diagnosis Tyra Banks makes debut as new host of America's Got Talent but ventriloquist Darci Lynn Farmer, 12, steals the show Back with a bang Bella Hadid flaunts her pert derriere in racy thong-style bikini as she takes the driver's seat on a jet ski with Lewis Hamilton during wild day of partying in Monaco Sex symbol of a generation: The first Bond girl to strip off, Molly Peters, passes away at the age of 75  Cause of death as yet unknown Riviera chic! Pippa Matthews sports black and white $800 Kate Spade dress - as she descends a ladder onto Sydney water taxi with new husband James Love Island 2016 stars Tina Stinnes and Zara Holland lead reality pack at Twisted Halo event in Manchester... as new crop of contestants are announced PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Giving love another try? Sean Penn acts the gent and lugs the bags as he jets off with Robin Wright... 7 years after divorce 'I'm proud of my fat': Heavily pregnant Danielle Lloyd reveals she's been body shamed by trolls who claim she looks like a 'washed up whale' Keeping it casual! Sarah Silverman wears hooded top and jeans to event promoting her new standup special Keeping up youthful appearances 'You made yourself younger with magic, Amanda uses botox!' Simon Cowell nearly gets a soaking from Ms Holden after being left in awe of child magician Braless Alexa Chung teases a glimpse of her assets in a semi-sheer green gown as she lets her hair down at the launch of new fashion collection Doggy diva! Mariah Carey cuddles her pet pooches Cha Cha and Jill E Beans... as they score free Wag dog walking FOR LIFE  Mommy and son time! Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with five-year-old Noah in Los Angeles after family Memorial Day break in Malibu Stylish in stripes 'Thank you for being open': Viewers flock to Twitter to praise The Chase star Paul 'Sinnerman' Sinha as he reveals he is gay for first time on TV quiz Sheer are the best of pals! Daisy Lowe flashes her underwear in sheer skirt as she joins casually cool Pixie Geldof for Alexa Chung's fashion launch SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt self harms as family free her from evil Nathan's clutches...but he tries her to lure her abroad in evil sex ring plot Rebel Wilson's mother reveals how she 'bent to pressure' six weeks after her birth and changed her daughter's name to Melanie Elizabeth The new normal: Jennifer Garner and little Samuel walk sisters Violet and Seraphina to school after Ben Affleck finally moves out 'I've always been healthy': Lily James slams bodyshamers after being branded 'too thin'... as she reveals her shock at actresses being told to lose weight That's not very Mad Max! Action hero Tom Hardy takes his bike for a spin in London... but lets down his hardman image as he is spotted with L plates Looking good! Melanie Griffith goes makeup-free as she shows off her slim and trim figure in black athletic gear while out in LA Sporty Eminem helps raise almost £2million to support the victims of the Manchester terror attack in the wake of tragedy at Ariana Grande concert Annabelle Wallis flashes her cleavage in glittering pink gown with a cut-out at the bust as she joins co-star Sofia Boutella at The Mummy premiere in Paris Precious bundle! Natalie Portman steps out with baby Amalia for first time as she gives her daughter a loving cuddle on outing Gave birth in February 'Is it true that Mummy's dead?': Prince Harry's heartbreaking words to Charles as the royals carried on as normal and attended church just hours after news A lady a day: Scott Disick, 34, gets VERY close to Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries as he rings in a week of steamy parties with woman NUMBER SEVEN in Monaco 'The delay is creating the vision': Filmmaker James Cameron defends 10 year gap between Avatar and Avatar 2 Fantasy sequel  Make-up free Lily Collins cuts a casual yet chic figure in leggings and khaki jacket as she grabs a coffee after hitting the gym  Keeping it casual 'I do not want them sat there with a 10 course menu with champagne': Millionaire Gordon Ramsay defends decision to make children fly economy Bikini-clad Sofia Richie is joined by a bevy of pals as she enjoys another idyllic cruise on the French Riviera with Scott Disick Another day in the sun 'A truly good soul': Lisa Kudrow pays tribute to The Comeback co-star Robert Michael Morris as actor dies at 77 Comeback co-star  'He is the only actor I ever asked for an autograph': Bond star Pierce Brosnan reveals profound impact 'hero' Roger Moore had on him in tribute to late actor Rolf Harris hired private investigators to dig up dirt on his victims: Disgraced entertainer's plot to clear his name sparks fury  Packing on the PDA! Derek Hough and girlfriend Hayley Erbert enjoy a rare day off together by cozying up lakeside Smitten  'He had the cleanest bill of health': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says her husband had his heart checked two months before sudden death Holding a torch! Rob Kardashian posts childhood photos of Blac Chyna with gushing captions calling her 'My little Angela' and 'the woman I love' Missing him already? Khloe Kardashian looks downcast in casual clothing as she jets home from visiting Tristan Thompson Glum Back in his arms! Bella Thorne goes on a date to a burger bar with ex Gregg Sulkin after Scott Disick 'humiliation' in Cannes Reunited  'We have a very normal life': Joe Wicks discusses his romance with glamour model girlfriend Rosie Jones... but refuses to share their relationship online Diesel get them going: Leggy Lauren Goodger wears skimpy one-piece and oversized denim jacket to make a pit-stop at a petrol station Not the jealous type! Richard Gere's younger girlfriend Alejandra Silva laughs as her sex symbol beau is kissed by another woman Making a meal of it! Heidi Klum, 43, and toyboy lover Vito Schnabel, 30, go for romantic cruise in Greece before heading to dinner Giddy up! Gigi Hadid shows off her supermodel style as she struts around New York City in knee-high riding boots Stepping out  Clarkson's in the pink: Petrolhead presenter poses with two large bottles of rosé as he celebrates his girlfriend's birthday in the south of France  Ashley Tisdale enjoys romantic stroll with husband after twerking up a storm with bestie Vanessa Hudgens over weekend Cheeky Top Chef star Padma Lakshmi shows off her sizzling body and toned physique in a skimpy red hot bikini as she holidays in Denver  Scarlet siren 'We didn't even punch each other!': Piers Morgan shares a joke with former nemesis Jeremy Clarkson in St Tropez... after putting decade-long feud to rest A superhero movie with the woman in charge? Wonders never cease! JAN MOIR on the female-friendly comic-book blockbuster  Centre stage Keri Russell looks sensational in skintight leather pants and semi sheer top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel after getting Hollywood Star 'I naturally have black hair': Real Housewives star Kim Zolciak reveals she's not a real blonde as she admits she's now 95% gray Makeover Hand in hand! Hollywood beauty Zoe Saldana enjoys a sunny stroll with her two-year-old twin sons Cy and Bowie Family time  Last night a DJ saved my life! TOWIE star Lauren Pope flashes her pert derriere in a see through kaftan skirt at Sisu Hotel in Marbella Glamorous 'My wife is in ill health and we simply want to spend our remaining time together': Rolf Harris, 87, speaks of 'relief' after jury fails to reach verdict 'You did the right thing': Incredible moment a 'shaking' Queen was comforted by a royal fan as she faced public backlash after Diana's death Tat's a little cheeky! Pink shares snap of inked-up husband Carey Hart in just a tiny bathing suit  Nearly suffered a wardrobe malfunction So Scandalous! Leggy Alesha Dixon turns up the heat in scarlet open-shoulder mini dress and gold killer heels as she steps out in Soho Red hot 'It is such a comfort to know it will get better': Zoe Ball responds to fans about how she is dealing with grief... following death of boyfriend Billy Yates Trying to impress Billy Elliot? Make-up free Kate Mara leaves a ballet class in LA without her famous dancer beau Jamie Bell We won't take that! Row over Robbie Williams summer house hots up as four neighbours complain to the council over his 'whimsical' folly Cheeky! Hayley Roberts, 37, gives fiancé David Hasselhoff, 64, a pat on the rear before packing on the PDA at Baywatch event in Berlin Vicky Pattison posts yet another raunchy snap in a saucy strappy bikini... a day after showing off her curves in a black number Looking good 'For the record I'm a MASSIVE size 8/10': Rebekah Vardy hits back at vile troll who fat-shamed her 'mum tum' in holiday snap with baby Finley Revealed: Nashville star Powers Boothe suffered fatal heart attack while battling pancreatic cancer Died at 68 after suffering a heart attack Domestic bliss! The Bachelor couple Vanessa Grimaldi & Nick Viall go shopping for homewares in Montreal Smitten It's Instagram official! Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Shayna Terese Taylor shares sweet snap of couple during romantic getaway Loved up Model family! Former JLS star JB Gill and his wife Chloe enjoy a fun-filled family outing with their son Ace at Legoland Doting dad 'Open for business!': Bethenny Frankel reveals she is ready to date again after split from banker Dennis Shields Sad split 'We've scheduled in a break': MIC's Sam Thompson and Tiffany Watson plan to split... but AFTER they jet off for one last romantic break Still a Son Of Anarchy: Scruffy Charlie Hunnam takes his Harley out for a ride in Los Angeles Cruising around town Elisabeth Moss dazzles in an elegant sheer gown as she joins glamorous co-star Gwendoline Christie at Top of the Lake China Girl screening Moved on? Paris Jackson snuggles up to a mystery man three months after split from boyfriend Michael Snoddy  New man? Goodbye, Windy City! Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler list their 1.5 acre Chicago sprawl for $4.75million Getting ready to move to Nashville Breast it's going to get! Lauren Pope displays her toned abs and plenty of underboob in sizzling bikini selfie She knows how to get attention EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance to make amends and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after $87k credit card debt 'An evil b***h and a fraud!' TOWIE's Jon Clark claims he's been dating and living with Love Island newbie Chloe Crowhurst for SEVEN MONTHS 'I couldn't get anyone to understand': Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario discusses her battle with anorexia in Interview magazine Eating disorder Alexandra Daddario flaunts her cleavage in plunging LBD as Kelly Rohrbach dazzles in silver mini for Baywatch's Berlin premiere Back to work! Jaden Smith puts Twitter tirade about 'cheese-spiked' pancake behind him as Cara Delevingne blows him a kiss on set of A Life In A Year 'I was fighting with everyone!' Robert Pattinson's extreme method acting nearly cost him breakout Twilight role Almost fired Diane Kruger bet against director that In The Fade 'wouldn't make Cannes'... and has to get an 'anchor tattoo' after film proved a triumph Lost her bet 'We had a hitch, but it's live TV': St Patrick's School choirmaster dismisses claims the kids mimed on Britain's Got Talent... as they 'didn't realise' hiccup Sam Faiers looks sensational figure in skinny jeans and a floral blouse as she cradles son Paul on family day out 'She was a mentor!' The Brady Bunch cast share their fond memories of their late TV mother Florence Henderson Paying tribute You need the patience of a saint to sit through these tales of sin: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  BBC1's Broken Wining and dining! Mariah Carey and her toy boy love Bryan Tanaka toast to their rekindled love in Napa Looking pretty cosy again Let's roll! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen lark around on pizza delivery scooter on set of new film Full speed ahead 'Believe in yourself!' Shirtless Ricky Whittle displays his sculpted physique for Men's Fitness... as he reflects on unlikely journey from Hollyoaks to Hollywood 'Arg being back triggered her decision': Lydia Bright QUITS TOWIE to avoid storylines with comeback king ex James Argent 'He's dead to them': Scott Disick has 'burned his bridges with the Kardashians after courting SIX younger women to make Kourtney jealous' Make-up free Luisa Zissman shows off slimline post-baby body as she enjoys a shopping trip with her daughter Post-baby Bella Hadid showcases her slender physique as she takes centre stage in smouldering new promotional campaign for Bulgari accessories 'She didn't want to miss seeing her': Nicole Kidman plans small gathering with mother Janelle ahead of milestone 50th birthday Carmelo and La La Anthony decide to delay divorce... but have no plans to reconcile In no rush to file for divorce, but have no plans to reconcile 'I do love a teeny tiny bikini': Model Shanina Shaik announced as head of new British swimwear campaign She's not shy at all  Leggy Priyanka Chopra wows in a thigh-grazing lace mini dress as she graces the red carpet for the Berlin premiere of new movie Baywatch Doing herself Justice! Leggy Victoria displays her endless pins in checked swimsuit and silver heels as she poses for stunning magazine shoot Busty Kate Wright shows off her incredible frame in an array of eye-popping bikinis as she advertises swimwear collection Former TOWIE star Heavily-pregnant Beyoncé exhibits her growing baby bump as she showers daughter Blue Ivy with affection ahead of birth of twins On bump watch Twinning! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake wear nearly identical outfits as they hitch a lift on a golf cart to catch their private jet New mum Amy Childs reveals she has re-homed her beloved bulldog Leo as he became 'jealous' of her month-old daughter 'My ray of sunshine!' Stephanie Davis dotes on son Caben after spending weekend with Jeremy McConnell... as she 'plans move to Hollywood' 'The most glorious husband!' Neil Patrick Harris pays loving tribute to David Burkta on his birthday Shared a touching tribute Cannes I go back? 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks returns to normality as he heads out with friends in LA... after mingling with A-Listers at annual Film Festival Dame Judi Dench appears as Queen Victoria in the first official poster for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'All I Wanna Do... Is Fart On You!' Sheryl Crow jokes about how her young sons mock her 'super corny' music She's a cheeky one!  Squad goals! Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley ditch Cannes film festival for holiday in the French Riviera with friends Daddy cool! Ryan Gosling looks relaxed as he enjoys a trip to the playground with daughter Esmeralda in LA Quality time Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's neighbours complain over plans for a doggie day care on the couple's £5m estate - claiming the 'constant barking' would make them 'lose the plot' Ex On The Beef! Zahida Allen left in tears as beau Sean Pratt hurls a DRINK in her FACE before seizing her phone during fuming row following Scotty T snog Salma Hayek looks spring chic in ruffled floral dress as she attends Gucci Cruise 2018 show in Florence with husband Francois-Henri Pinault 'You feel like everybody is watching...' Plus-size model Ashley Graham admits she still feels SHY about unveiling her famous curves in a bikini  EXCLUSIVE: 'Stephen wants 10 kids!' Charlotte Crosby on starting a family and planning a 'lovely big wedding' with boyfriend Bear He's a natural! Smiling Prince Harry welcomes veterans to Buckingham Palace as he hosts his first ever garden party on behalf of the Queen In cheerful form Gym bunny Rosie Fortescue shows off her impressively toned tum in skimpy red bikini as she shares more sizzling snaps from her Maldives getaway 'Get the f**k out!' Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay throws suitor out after it is revealed he has a GIRLFRIEND The 31-year-old cut down her ranks Daredevil star Elden Henson files for divorce from wife of two years Kira Sternbach Had tied the knot with Neighbors actress Kira in April 2014 Chloe Madeley shows off her enviably taut abs as she strips down to her bra and knickers for racy Instagram snap  Witness the fi Radiant Rochelle Humes shows off her incredible post-baby body in floral mini dress and studded heels as she heads home from Lorraine Abs-flashing Imogen Thomas struggles to contain her ample assets in tiny sports bra as she enjoys al fresco workout   Flaunting every inch SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Eva Price strips down to racy lingerie to seduce cheating boyfriend Aidan Connor as she plans to PROPOSE Al-garve what she's having: Frankie Essex continues to show off her incredible weight loss transformation in very skimpy gold bikini on holiday in Portugal 'Kidding around': Amber Heard dotes on Elon Musk's children as actress enjoys blossoming romance with billionaire  Sightseeing in Sydney Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day USA at the beach with her boyfriend Showing her curves Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald are pursued by zombies as they give This Morning viewers a sneak peek at ghoulish new Take That video Narcos star Wagner Moura wishes Noel Gallagher a happy 50th birthday after being 'impressed' by his 'cocaine-themed' birthday party Back to her roots! Selma Blair's natural hair colour shines through as she steps out with ring on her RIGHT hand to dismiss engagement rumours Good Morning America hosts gush over Teresa Palmer's new horror flick Berlin Syndrome as she reveals husband Mark Webber thinks her obsession with scary films is 'weird' Kim Kardashian says there's almost no chance mum Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex-husband Caitlyn again Furious about memoir  Newly-single Gaz Beadle gets VERY close to Ibiza Weekender's Bethan Kershaw on night out... after denying he cheated on ex-girlfriend Emma McVey Clooney on a tight leash before birth: Actor reveals he was banned from attending his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival  'Critics had their venom ready': Dwayne Johnson hits back as Baywatch is subject to bad reviews... after being branded a 'flop'  'Pelvic thrusts make me blush!' Davina McCall shows off taut abs in a sports bra as she demonstrates workout move in funny Instagram clip Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson exhibits her slender pins in daring leotard during filming... as she reveals body dysmorphia battle gave her perspective  The abs factor! Braless Louisa Johnson flashes her toned tum in a mesh crop top as she arrives for radio appearance Girl next door, no more Turner-ing heads! TOWIE's Amber shows off her sensational physique in neon bikini complete with blingy adornments during Marbella trip 'Such a kind heart': Emily Maynard pays tribute after Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance is found dead at 31 Sad news  'What the f**k are we gonna do?' Love Island's Cally-Jane Beech and Luis Morrison reveal initial alarm at baby daughter's arrival... after their romance 'fell apart' In a Klass of her own: Myleene looks summery in red floral frilly jumpsuit with cape detail as she heads to radio station Fashion fan Dakota Johnson puts on an unusually busty display in plunging floral dress as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson Pregnant Heidi Montag goes make-up free as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in a low-key hoodie Pregnancy is suiting her down to the ground Roo's looking at you, kid! Coleen looks incredible in red bikini on the beach in Barbados... as delighted son Kai flies off his inflatable ring Bor-at the beach! Isla Fisher and shirtless husband Sacha Baron Cohen join friend Jason Bateman and their children in Malibu Famous families Blazin' Squad star, a 'stuck-up b***h' and a BOMB disposer once linked to Prince Harry... Love Island RETURNS with a bevy of colourful 'romantics' Good Morning Britain viewers are sent into meltdown over unrecognisable 90s boyband Hanson... as they make a comeback 20 years after MMMBop EOTB's Nicole Bass flaunts phenomenally toned abs in skimpy white bikini as she locks lips with love rat beau Jacques Fraser during romantic Ibiza trip 'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at husband Ashton Kutcher's compliment in rare US reality show cameo On The Bachelorette 'I'm hot on contraception!' Olivia Buckland is NOT ready for kids with 'broody' fiancé Alex Bowen... with fears her boobs would 'hit the floor' Ellie Bamber displays her legs in thigh-skimming black skirt as she touches down in Japan The Surrey born star, 20, showed off her legs 'I always felt like second best': TOWIE's Chris Clark reveals the REAL reason behind Jesy Nelson split... as he gushes about Amber Dowding 'He is a sexy b*****d': Rochelle Humes is forced to apologise after Bridget Jones author Helen Fielding SWEARS live on breakfast TV  Lost in the moment Bikini-clad Blue Peter star Zoe Salmon flaunts her enviable curves in sizzling retro inspired two-piece during sun-soaked Barbados break Hourglass figure 'Super excited' former MIC star Cheska Hull reveals she's PREGNANT as she returns to show for best pal Binky Felstead's baby shower  Blac Chyna is spotted on FaceTime with a mystery man... following split from on/off boyfriend Rob Kardashian Time for a new man? A koala purse and Mickey Mouse flats: A look at Rebel Wilson's quirky ensembles during her defamation trial against magazine Emma Watson keeps it casual in a checked blouse and white skinny jeans for low-key outing in New York Enjoying a break from her busy schedule Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles 'I want to be a mum so badly': Singer Halsey reveals that she 'can't wait' to have a baby while admitting she has broken up with her 'on/off' beau Lido Rebel Wilson wears a pair of Mickey Mouse-inspired heels to court a day after insisting Walt Disney is her uncle - as she denies claims she lied about her age  'Is he wearing a prosthetic face?' Viewers are baffled by Matthew Perry's 'plasticine' look in new Channel 5 drama The Kennedys Paul Gascoigne looks healthier and happier than ever as he leaves FA Cup Final... after publicly battling alcoholism for almost two decades BGT's Amanda Holden puts on a VERY leggy display in sheer princess gown as Alesha Dixon gives her a run for her money in thigh-skimming mini 'He's never kept it secret': Britain's Got Talent's dancing policeman Daniel Graham 'attends kinky fetish parties with his stunning girlfriend' 'Oddly enough, I don't want to!' BGT magician Matt Edwards asks Eamonn Holmes to lick his lolly in awkward GMB interview Viewers cringed Bella Thorne snuggles up to former love Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation  Shared on Instagram Child's play: '90s teen heartthrobs Hanson recruit their kids to star in new music video I Was Born It's been 25 years since Hanson first formed 'It's important to be honest': Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter, 40, introduces twin girls as she vows to tell her daughters 'everything' about IVF treatment 'He's a psycho!' Coronation Street fans fear Ken Barlow is about to be MURDERED by Daniel Osbourne after he finally finds it was him who attacked him PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Double take! Shirtless Orlando Bloom spends the day on the beach with Katy Perry lookalike Mystery woman Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nanomedicine Market is anticipated to reach USD 350.8 billion by 2025 ·         Solutions such as nanoformulations with triggered release for tailor-made pharmacokinetics, nanoparticles for local control of tumor in combination with radiotherapy, and functionalized nanoparticles for targeted in-vivo activation of stem cell production are anticipated to drive R&D, consequently resulting in revenue generation in the coming years. ·         Biopharmaceutical and medical devices companies are actively engaged in development of novel products as demonstrated by the increasingly growing partnerships between leading enterprises and nanomedicine startups. ·         Therapeutics accounted for the largest share of market revenue in 2016 owing to presence of nanoemulsions, nanoformulations, or nanodevices ·         These devices possess the ability to cross biological barriers. Moreover, presence of drugs such as Doxil, Abraxane, and Emend is attributive for higher revenue generation ·         Presence of substantial number of products manufactured through the use of microbial sources can be attributed for the largest share ·         In-vitro diagnostics is expected to witness lucrative progress as a result of R&D carried out in this segment ·         Asia Pacific is estimated to witness the fastest growth over the forecast period ·         Key players operating in this industry include Pfizer Inc., Ablynx NV, Nanotherapeutics Inc., Nanoviricides Inc., Abraxis Inc., Arrowhead Research Inc., Celgene Corporation, Bio-Gate AG, and Merck ·         Active expansion strategies are undertaken by a number of the major market entities in order to strengthen their position ·         North America dominated the industry in 2016, accounting for a 42% of total revenue The global nanomedicine market is anticipated to reach USD 350.8 billion by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Development of novel nanotechnology-based drugs and therapies is driven by the need to develop therapies that have fewer side effects and that are more cost-effective than traditional therapies, in particular for cancer. Application of nanotechnology-based contrast reagents for diagnosis and monitoring of the effects of drugs on an unprecedented short timescale is also attributive drive growth in the coming years. Additionally, demand for biodegradable implants with longer lifetimes that enable tissue restoration is anticipated to influence demand. As per the WHO factsheet, cancer is found to be one of the major causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide, with approximately 14 million new cases in 2012 and 8.2 million cancer-related deaths. Thus, demand for nanomedicine in order to curb such high incidence rate is expected to boost market progress during the forecast period. Solutions such as nanoformulations with triggered release for tailor-made pharmacokinetics, nanoparticles for local control of tumor in combination with radiotherapy, and functionalized nanoparticles for targeted in-vivo activation of stem cell production are anticipated to drive R&D, consequently resulting in revenue generation in the coming years. Biopharmaceutical and medical devices companies are actively engaged in development of novel products as demonstrated by the increasingly growing partnerships between leading enterprises and nanomedicine startups. For instance, in November 2015, Ablynx and Novo Nordisk signed a global collaboration and a licensing agreement for development and discovery of innovative drugs with multi-specific nanobodies. This strategic partnership is anticipated to rise the net annual sales of the products uplifting the market growth. However, in contrary with the applications of nanotechnology, the entire process of lab to market approval is a tedious and expensive one with stringent regulatory evaluation involved thereby leading investors to remain hesitant for investments. Further key findings from the report suggest: Therapeutics accounted for the largest share of market revenue in 2016 owing to presence of nanoemulsions, nanoformulations, or nanodevices These devices possess the ability to cross biological barriers. Moreover, presence of drugs such as Doxil, Abraxane, and Emend is attributive for higher revenue generation Presence of substantial number of products manufactured through the use of microbial sources can be attributed for the largest share In-vitro diagnostics is expected to witness lucrative progress as a result of R&D carried out in this segment Introduction of nano-enabled biomarkers, vectors and contrast agents with high-specificity and sensitivity are attributive for projected progress Clinical cardiology is expected to witness the fastest growth through to 2025 owing to development in nano-functionalization and modification of surfaces for increased biocompatibility of implants in treatment of late thrombosis Moreover, an abundance of research publications and patent filings from European region with a share of about 25% in nanomedicine-related publications is supportive for revenue generation from European economies Asia Pacific is estimated to witness the fastest growth over the forecast period Factors responsible include government and regulatory authorities that have implemented a framework to encourage R&D collaborations and framework extension. Key players operating in this industry include Pfizer Inc., Ablynx NV, Nanotherapeutics Inc., Nanoviricides Inc., Abraxis Inc., Arrowhead Research Inc., Celgene Corporation, Bio-Gate AG, and Merck Active expansion strategies are undertaken by a number of the major market entities in order to strengthen their position North America dominated the industry in 2016, accounting for a 42% of total revenue Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04899216/Nanomedicine-Market-Analysis-By-Products-Therapeutics-Regenerative-Medicine-Diagnostics-By-Application-Clinical-Oncology-Infectious-diseases-By-Nanomolecule-Gold-Silver-Iron-Oxide-Alumina-Segment-Forecasts.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nanomedicine-market-is-anticipated-to-reach-usd-3508-billion-by-2025-300465805.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World Scanning Electron Microscope Market 2017 CAGR 7.37% by 2021: Attention on (Revenue, Industry Challenges, Geography, Companies, Forecast) Next PostNext Fluorite Diacetate Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price, Cost, Gross Margin Analysis 2016-2021 Search Recent Posts Coral Springs Museum of Art Celebrates 20th Anniversary with Permanent Collection Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store UN atomic energy agency looks to boost ongoing contribution to sustainable development Do not stand silent while Syrian parties use starvation, fear as ‘methods of war,’ urges UN aid chief Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung 5/30 Akari Therapeutics CEO quits over retracted drug comparison Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Nanomedicine Market is anticipated to reach USD 350.8 billion by 2025 By Published: May 30, 2017 5:40 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Highlights ·         The global nanomedicine market is anticipated to reach USD 350.8 billion by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. ·         Solutions such as nanoformulations with triggered release for tailor-made pharmacokinetics, nanoparticles for local control of tumor in combination with radiotherapy, and functionalized nanoparticles for targeted in-vivo activation of stem cell production are anticipated to drive R&D, consequently resulting in revenue generation in the coming years. ·         Biopharmaceutical and medical devices companies are actively engaged in development of novel products as demonstrated by the increasingly growing partnerships between leading enterprises and nanomedicine startups. ·         Therapeutics accounted for the largest share of market revenue in 2016 owing to presence of nanoemulsions, nanoformulations, or nanodevices ·         These devices possess the ability to cross biological barriers. Moreover, presence of drugs such as Doxil, Abraxane, and Emend is attributive for higher revenue generation ·         Presence of substantial number of products manufactured through the use of microbial sources can be attributed for the largest share ·         In-vitro diagnostics is expected to witness lucrative progress as a result of R&D carried out in this segment ·         Asia Pacific is estimated to witness the fastest growth over the forecast period ·         Key players operating in this industry include Pfizer Inc., Ablynx NV, Nanotherapeutics Inc., Nanoviricides Inc., Abraxis Inc., Arrowhead Research Inc., Celgene Corporation, Bio-Gate AG, and Merck ·         Active expansion strategies are undertaken by a number of the major market entities in order to strengthen their position ·         North America dominated the industry in 2016, accounting for a 42% of total revenue The global nanomedicine market is anticipated to reach USD 350.8 billion by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Development of novel nanotechnology-based drugs and therapies is driven by the need to develop therapies that have fewer side effects and that are more cost-effective than traditional therapies, in particular for cancer. Application of nanotechnology-based contrast reagents for diagnosis and monitoring of the effects of drugs on an unprecedented short timescale is also attributive drive growth in the coming years. Additionally, demand for biodegradable implants with longer lifetimes that enable tissue restoration is anticipated to influence demand. As per the WHO factsheet, cancer is found to be one of the major causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide, with approximately 14 million new cases in 2012 and 8.2 million cancer-related deaths. Thus, demand for nanomedicine in order to curb such high incidence rate is expected to boost market progress during the forecast period. Solutions such as nanoformulations with triggered release for tailor-made pharmacokinetics, nanoparticles for local control of tumor in combination with radiotherapy, and functionalized nanoparticles for targeted in-vivo activation of stem cell production are anticipated to drive R&D, consequently resulting in revenue generation in the coming years. Biopharmaceutical and medical devices companies are actively engaged in development of novel products as demonstrated by the increasingly growing partnerships between leading enterprises and nanomedicine startups. For instance, in November 2015, Ablynx and Novo Nordisk signed a global collaboration and a licensing agreement for development and discovery of innovative drugs with multi-specific nanobodies. This strategic partnership is anticipated to rise the net annual sales of the products uplifting the market growth. However, in contrary with the applications of nanotechnology, the entire process of lab to market approval is a tedious and expensive one with stringent regulatory evaluation involved thereby leading investors to remain hesitant for investments. Further key findings from the report suggest: Therapeutics accounted for the largest share of market revenue in 2016 owing to presence of nanoemulsions, nanoformulations, or nanodevices These devices possess the ability to cross biological barriers. Moreover, presence of drugs such as Doxil, Abraxane, and Emend is attributive for higher revenue generation Presence of substantial number of products manufactured through the use of microbial sources can be attributed for the largest share In-vitro diagnostics is expected to witness lucrative progress as a result of R&D carried out in this segment Introduction of nano-enabled biomarkers, vectors and contrast agents with high-specificity and sensitivity are attributive for projected progress Clinical cardiology is expected to witness the fastest growth through to 2025 owing to development in nano-functionalization and modification of surfaces for increased biocompatibility of implants in treatment of late thrombosis Moreover, an abundance of research publications and patent filings from European region with a share of about 25% in nanomedicine-related publications is supportive for revenue generation from European economies Asia Pacific is estimated to witness the fastest growth over the forecast period Factors responsible include government and regulatory authorities that have implemented a framework to encourage R&D collaborations and framework extension. Key players operating in this industry include Pfizer Inc., Ablynx NV, Nanotherapeutics Inc., Nanoviricides Inc., Abraxis Inc., Arrowhead Research Inc., Celgene Corporation, Bio-Gate AG, and Merck Active expansion strategies are undertaken by a number of the major market entities in order to strengthen their position North America dominated the industry in 2016, accounting for a 42% of total revenue Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04899216/Nanomedicine-Market-Analysis-By-Products-Therapeutics-Regenerative-Medicine-Diagnostics-By-Application-Clinical-Oncology-Infectious-diseases-By-Nanomolecule-Gold-Silver-Iron-Oxide-Alumina-Segment-Forecasts.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nanomedicine-market-is-anticipated-to-reach-usd-3508-billion-by-2025-300465805.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Money milestones: This is how your finances should look in your 60s It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Nanomedicine Market is anticipated to reach USD 350.8 billion by 2025 News provided by Reportlinker 30 May, 2017, 17:40 ET Share this article NEW YORK, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Highlights ·         The global nanomedicine market is anticipated to reach USD 350.8 billion by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. ·         Solutions such as nanoformulations with triggered release for tailor-made pharmacokinetics, nanoparticles for local control of tumor in combination with radiotherapy, and functionalized nanoparticles for targeted in-vivo activation of stem cell production are anticipated to drive R&D, consequently resulting in revenue generation in the coming years. ·         Biopharmaceutical and medical devices companies are actively engaged in development of novel products as demonstrated by the increasingly growing partnerships between leading enterprises and nanomedicine startups. ·         Therapeutics accounted for the largest share of market revenue in 2016 owing to presence of nanoemulsions, nanoformulations, or nanodevices ·         These devices possess the ability to cross biological barriers. Moreover, presence of drugs such as Doxil, Abraxane, and Emend is attributive for higher revenue generation ·         Presence of substantial number of products manufactured through the use of microbial sources can be attributed for the largest share ·         In-vitro diagnostics is expected to witness lucrative progress as a result of R&D carried out in this segment ·         Asia Pacific is estimated to witness the fastest growth over the forecast period ·         Key players operating in this industry include Pfizer Inc., Ablynx NV, Nanotherapeutics Inc., Nanoviricides Inc., Abraxis Inc., Arrowhead Research Inc., Celgene Corporation, Bio-Gate AG, and Merck ·         Active expansion strategies are undertaken by a number of the major market entities in order to strengthen their position ·         North America dominated the industry in 2016, accounting for a 42% of total revenue The global nanomedicine market is anticipated to reach USD 350.8 billion by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research, Inc. Development of novel nanotechnology-based drugs and therapies is driven by the need to develop therapies that have fewer side effects and that are more cost-effective than traditional therapies, in particular for cancer. Application of nanotechnology-based contrast reagents for diagnosis and monitoring of the effects of drugs on an unprecedented short timescale is also attributive drive growth in the coming years. Additionally, demand for biodegradable implants with longer lifetimes that enable tissue restoration is anticipated to influence demand. As per the WHO factsheet, cancer is found to be one of the major causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide, with approximately 14 million new cases in 2012 and 8.2 million cancer-related deaths. Thus, demand for nanomedicine in order to curb such high incidence rate is expected to boost market progress during the forecast period. Solutions such as nanoformulations with triggered release for tailor-made pharmacokinetics, nanoparticles for local control of tumor in combination with radiotherapy, and functionalized nanoparticles for targeted in-vivo activation of stem cell production are anticipated to drive R&D, consequently resulting in revenue generation in the coming years. Biopharmaceutical and medical devices companies are actively engaged in development of novel products as demonstrated by the increasingly growing partnerships between leading enterprises and nanomedicine startups. For instance, in November 2015, Ablynx and Novo Nordisk signed a global collaboration and a licensing agreement for development and discovery of innovative drugs with multi-specific nanobodies. This strategic partnership is anticipated to rise the net annual sales of the products uplifting the market growth. However, in contrary with the applications of nanotechnology, the entire process of lab to market approval is a tedious and expensive one with stringent regulatory evaluation involved thereby leading investors to remain hesitant for investments. Further key findings from the report suggest: Therapeutics accounted for the largest share of market revenue in 2016 owing to presence of nanoemulsions, nanoformulations, or nanodevices These devices possess the ability to cross biological barriers. Moreover, presence of drugs such as Doxil, Abraxane, and Emend is attributive for higher revenue generation Presence of substantial number of products manufactured through the use of microbial sources can be attributed for the largest share In-vitro diagnostics is expected to witness lucrative progress as a result of R&D carried out in this segment Introduction of nano-enabled biomarkers, vectors and contrast agents with high-specificity and sensitivity are attributive for projected progress Clinical cardiology is expected to witness the fastest growth through to 2025 owing to development in nano-functionalization and modification of surfaces for increased biocompatibility of implants in treatment of late thrombosis Moreover, an abundance of research publications and patent filings from European region with a share of about 25% in nanomedicine-related publications is supportive for revenue generation from European economies Asia Pacific is estimated to witness the fastest growth over the forecast period Factors responsible include government and regulatory authorities that have implemented a framework to encourage R&D collaborations and framework extension. Key players operating in this industry include Pfizer Inc., Ablynx NV, Nanotherapeutics Inc., Nanoviricides Inc., Abraxis Inc., Arrowhead Research Inc., Celgene Corporation, Bio-Gate AG, and Merck Active expansion strategies are undertaken by a number of the major market entities in order to strengthen their position North America dominated the industry in 2016, accounting for a 42% of total revenue Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04899216/Nanomedicine-Market-Analysis-By-Products-Therapeutics-Regenerative-Medicine-Diagnostics-By-Application-Clinical-Oncology-Infectious-diseases-By-Nanomolecule-Gold-Silver-Iron-Oxide-Alumina-Segment-Forecasts.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nanomedicine-market-is-anticipated-to-reach-usd-3508-billion-by-2025-300465805.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com 30 May, 2017, 17:43 ET Preview: Agricultural Robots Market is anticipated to reach USD 8.82 billion by 2025 30 May, 2017, 17:35 ET Preview: Fixed And Mobile C-arms Market is expected to reach USD 2.3 billion by 2025 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 30 May, 2017, 18:50 ET Eubiotics Market expected to reach USD 9.4 billion by 2025 30 May, 2017, 18:50 ET Lignin Market is expected to reach USD 913.1 million by 2025 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Nanomedicine Market is anticipated to reach USD 350.8 billion by 2025 News provided by Reportlinker 30 May, 2017, 17:40 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Collegium Announces the Appointment of Joseph Ciaffoni as Chief Operating Officer Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 30, 2017 4:10pm   Comments Share: CANTON, Mass., May 30, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (NASDAQ:COLL) today announced the appointment of Joseph Ciaffoni to the newly created position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, effective May 31, 2017. "We are excited to have Joe join Collegium in this newly created role," said Mike Heffernan, Collegium's CEO. "Joe's industry experience is extensive and includes building commercial businesses, leading emerging growth and multi-national organizations and achieving success across multiple therapeutic categories, including pain management. Joe has a proven track record of success across multiple product launches and the commercialization of numerous products. He will be instrumental as we continue to focus on growing Xtampza ER and implementing Collegium's growth strategy." Prior to joining Collegium, Mr. Ciaffoni served in several senior management positions, most recently as President, U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals at Endo International plc. Prior to joining Endo, Mr. Ciaffoni served as Senior Vice President, Global Specialty Medicines Group for Biogen. In this role, he led the development and execution of all aspects of global strategy across the value chain for marketed and pipeline products. Mr. Ciaffoni started his employment with Biogen Idec in 2012 and during his tenure held senior roles including Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial and Vice President, U.S. Neurology Field Operations and Marketing. Prior to joining Biogen, Mr. Ciaffoni was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Shionogi Inc. and President of Shionogi Pharmaceuticals. Previously, he served as Vice President, Sales for Schering-Plough (now Merck) and held several commercial leadership roles at Sanofi-Synthelabo (now Sanofi) and Novartis. Mr. Ciaffoni holds a B.A. in Communications and an M.B.A. from Rutgers. "Opioid abuse and misuse is a significant problem across the country, at the same time that chronic pain patients are seeking effective treatments.  I believe that Xtampza ER can be a critical part of the solution.  I'm excited to join Collegium at this important point in the company's evolution," said Mr. Ciaffoni. In addition, Barry Duke, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, has chosen to relocate back to his home in North Carolina and will be leaving Collegium. Mike Heffernan added, "Barry has played an important role in building a commercial organization that is well-equipped to support the launch of Xtampza ER. We want to express our gratitude to Barry for his efforts and wish him the best of luck on his future endeavors." About Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. Collegium is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing a portfolio of products that incorporate its proprietary DETERx® technology platform for the treatment of chronic pain and other diseases. The DETERx technology platform is designed to provide extended-release delivery, unique abuse-deterrent properties, and flexible dose administration options. About Xtampza ER Xtampza® ER is Collegium's first product utilizing the DETERx technology platform. Xtampza ER is an abuse-deterrent, extended-release, oral formulation of oxycodone approved by the FDA for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We may, in some cases, use terms such as "predicts," "believes," "potential," "proposed," "continue," "estimates," "anticipates," "expects," "plans," "intends," "may," "could," "might," "should" or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to numerous important factors, risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from the company's current expectations. Management's expectations and, therefore, any forward-looking statements in this press release could also be affected by risks and uncertainties relating to a number of other factors, including the following: our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our products and product candidates, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of an approved product; our plans to commercialize our product candidates and grow sales of our products; the size and growth potential of the markets for our products and product candidates, and our ability to service those markets; the success of competing products that are or become available; our ability to obtain reimbursement and third-party payor contracts for our products; the costs of commercialization activities, including marketing, sales and distribution; our ability to develop sales and marketing capabilities, whether alone or with potential future collaborators; the rate and degree of market acceptance of our products and product candidates; changing market conditions for our products and product candidates; the outcome of any patent infringement or other litigation that may be brought against us, including litigation with Purdue Pharma, L.P.; our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; the success, cost and timing of our product development activities, studies and clinical trials; our ability to obtain funding for our operations; regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and adequately maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our products and product candidates; our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others; the performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers; our ability to comply with stringent U.S. and foreign government regulation in the manufacture of pharmaceutical products, including U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency compliance; our ability to retain key and management personnel; our expectations regarding the period during which we qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; and the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, revenue, capital requirements and need for additional financing.  These and other risks are described under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and those risks described from time to time in other reports which we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this press release. Contact: 
Alex Dasalla
adasalla@collegiumpharma.com View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 UNIT, AOSL: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 LABL, BIG: 5 Stocks To Watch For May 30, 2017 3 BKE, HAS: Monday's Market In 5 Minutes 4 RAD, DB: Retail Roundup: 9 Fresh M&A Rumors 5 FRO, DAC: Earnings Scheduled For May 30, 2017 6 SYMC, HUBG: Benzinga's Top Upgrades... 7 SHLD: A New Trend Or An Outlie... 1 TWTR, DIA: Wall Street's Charging Bull, Fearless Girl, Peeing Dog Scene Confl... 2 This Week In Stocks – Not Quite Ready To Top 3 The Merits Of Investing In A Truly Democratized Market 4 EXC: Exelon Will Shutter Three Mile Island Nuke Plant Unless Pennsylvania... 5 ALXN: Analyst: With This Much Pessimism Priced In, Alexion Begins To L... 6 LULU, AMZN: A Shopping List For This Week's Retail Earnings 7 ESV, WLL: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Protagonist Thera... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Glaucoma Market: Industry Analysis & Outlook 2017-2021 with Focus on the US Industry – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Global Glaucoma Market: Industry Analysis & Outlook (2017-2021)” report to their offering. „Global Glaucoma Market: Industry Analysis & Outlook (2017-2021)” analyzes the development of this market, with focus on the US and OUS treatment market. The major trends, growth drivers as well as issues being faced by the market are discussed in detail in this report. The four major players: Pfizer Inc., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc. and Allergan Plc. are being profiled along with their key financials and strategies for growth. The report contains a comprehensive analysis of the global glaucoma market along with the study of the US market. Though glaucoma cannot be cured completely, the disease progression can be controlled with the help of available treatments. There are three types of modalities available for treatment of glaucoma: Drugs, Laser and Invasive Surgery. Further, based upon the approaches employed for the medication, it can be segmented into two parts: PGA Medication and Non-PGA Medication. The PGA approach reduces IOP with the help of prostaglandin (PGA). The non-PGA medication can be further divided into four sub segments: Beta blockers, Alpha blockers, Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors (CAIs) and Combination Products. Several factors such as rising prevalence of diabetes, growing geriatric population and rising health care expenditure along with increasing disposable income and growing obese population will drive the market growth in the next few years. Development of new drugs & devices and drug therapy focused upon IOP are the few notable market trends. However, high cost of treatment, severe side effects and hasty drug approval processes act as a major roadblock for the market growth. Key Topics Covered: 1. Overview 2. Global Glaucoma Market 3. Regional Markets 4. Market Dynamics 5. Competitive Landscape 6. Company Profiles – Allergan Plc. – Merck & Co., Inc. – Novartis AG – Pfizer Inc. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/xns9b6/global_glaucoma CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wheel of Fortune Jackpot for $1,354,395 Paid Out at Red Hawk Casino Next PostNext North America Driver Assistance System Market: Analysis, Type, Application, Region, Opportunities and Forecast 2027 Search Recent Posts CORRECTION – Wow Unlimited Media Announces Financial Results for the First Quarter of 2017 and Ticker Symbol Change to WOW Effective June 1, 2017 CORRECTION – Wow Unlimited Media Announces Financial Results for the First Quarter of 2017 and Ticker Symbol Change to WOW Effective June 1, 2017 Global Epoxy Active Diluent Market 2017- Huntsman, Hexion, BASF Oncor Cities Steering Committee: Legislation is Great News for Hikers, Bikers and Texas Taxpayers Oncor Cities Steering Committee: Legislation is Great News for Hikers, Bikers and Texas Taxpayers Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Synovial Sarcoma Exhibits Emerging Pipeline with 22 Drug Candidates The study analysed that the Synovial sarcoma pipeline comprises of 22 drug candidates, of which one drug candidate is in Phase III stage, nine drug candidates are in Phase II stage, four drug candidates are in Phase I stage, four drug candidates are in Pre-Clinical stage and four candidates are in Inactive stage. Synovial sarcoma is rare type of cancer and approximately one to three people in one million people are diagnosed with synovial sarcoma every year, globally. The disease occurs frequently in young adults; however, the disease can affect a person at any age. Synovial sarcoma is more common in males, and the male to female ratio of the disease stands at 12 males for every 10 females. Various new therapies and advanced technologies are driving the growth of Synovial sarcoma pipeline. Browse Report Description at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/synovial-sarcoma… Insights on pipeline segments As per the findings of the research, around 44.0% of drug candidates for the treatment of Synovial sarcoma pipeline are being developed to be administered by intravenous route, 28.0% by oral route, 17.0% are undisclosed and 11.0% are to be administered by other routes which includes intradermal and intramuscular. Explore Report Sample at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/synovial-sarcoma… New innovating technologies offer development of promising drugs Many technologies such as REOLYSIN technology, ZVex and GLAAS technology, Laser Micro-beam Microdissection are being developed that can bring the innovative treatment, which can control the progression of Synovial sarcoma. ZVex and GLAAS are complementary discovery platforms designed to activate and expand the immune system’s natural ability to create tumour-specific cytotoxic T cells (CTLs) in vivo. ZVex and GLAAS have been productive and generated all of Immune Design’s oncology product candidates. In addition to oncology, these novel technology platforms hold promising results for applications in the fields of infectious and allergic diseases, and have also been the source of several partnered programs. Major companies collaborate for the development of Synovial sarcoma Pipeline The research also found that various companies have collaborated for the development of Synovial sarcoma pipeline. In February 2014, Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer) and Merck & Co., Inc. (Merck) agreed to explore the therapeutic potential of Merck’s investigational anti-PD-1 therapy, MK-3475, in combination with two of the Pfizer’s oncology assets. A Phase I/II clinical study was undertaken to evaluate the safety and anti-cancer efficacy of MK-3475 combined with Pfizer’s axitinib (INLYTA) in renal cell carcinoma (RCC). A separate Phase I study was also done to evaluate the safety and tolerability of the combination of MK-3475 and PF-05082566 (PF-2566), Pfizer’s investigational, fully humanized monoclonal antibody (mAb) that stimulates signaling through 4-1BB (CD-137), a protein involved in regulation of immune cell proliferation and survival. Browse Other Related Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/pharmaceuticals Many companies are developing Synovial sarcoma drug candidates in different phases. Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, Epizyme Inc., Advenchen Laboratories LLC, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Cue Biopharma, Inc., Bayer AG, Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Pfizer Inc., Immune Design Inc. and various other companies have their Synovial sarcoma drug candidates in different stages of development. Other key players developing drugs for Synovial sarcoma include Takara Bio Inc., Oncolytics Biotech Inc., Accuronix Therapeutics, Inc., Cue Biopharma, Inc., NewVac LLC, Stemsynergy Therapeutics, Inc. and Immunocore Limited. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Contact: Kundan Manager – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 Toll-Free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada) Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Non-Ferrous Metals Powders Market Trends & Forecast to 2020- Industry Analysis by Geographical Regions, Type and Application Next PostNext Genomic Health Announces Presentation of Eight Oncotype DX Studies at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting Reinforcing Unique Impact Across Cancer Types Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Synovial Sarcoma Exhibits Emerging Pipeline with 22 Drug Candidates The study analysed that the Synovial sarcoma pipeline comprises of 22 drug candidates, of which one drug candidate is in Phase III stage, nine drug candidates are in Phase II stage, four drug candidates are in Phase I stage, four drug candidates are in Pre-Clinical stage and four candidates are in Inactive stage. Synovial sarcoma is rare type of cancer and approximately one to three people in one million people are diagnosed with synovial sarcoma every year, globally. The disease occurs frequently in young adults; however, the disease can affect a person at any age. Synovial sarcoma is more common in males, and the male to female ratio of the disease stands at 12 males for every 10 females. Various new therapies and advanced technologies are driving the growth of Synovial sarcoma pipeline. Browse Report Description at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/synovial-sarcoma… Insights on pipeline segments As per the findings of the research, around 44.0% of drug candidates for the treatment of Synovial sarcoma pipeline are being developed to be administered by intravenous route, 28.0% by oral route, 17.0% are undisclosed and 11.0% are to be administered by other routes which includes intradermal and intramuscular. Explore Report Sample at: www.psmarketresearch.com/market-analysis/synovial-sarcoma… New innovating technologies offer development of promising drugs Many technologies such as REOLYSIN technology, ZVex and GLAAS technology, Laser Micro-beam Microdissection are being developed that can bring the innovative treatment, which can control the progression of Synovial sarcoma. ZVex and GLAAS are complementary discovery platforms designed to activate and expand the immune system’s natural ability to create tumour-specific cytotoxic T cells (CTLs) in vivo. ZVex and GLAAS have been productive and generated all of Immune Design’s oncology product candidates. In addition to oncology, these novel technology platforms hold promising results for applications in the fields of infectious and allergic diseases, and have also been the source of several partnered programs. Major companies collaborate for the development of Synovial sarcoma Pipeline The research also found that various companies have collaborated for the development of Synovial sarcoma pipeline. In February 2014, Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer) and Merck & Co., Inc. (Merck) agreed to explore the therapeutic potential of Merck’s investigational anti-PD-1 therapy, MK-3475, in combination with two of the Pfizer’s oncology assets. A Phase I/II clinical study was undertaken to evaluate the safety and anti-cancer efficacy of MK-3475 combined with Pfizer’s axitinib (INLYTA) in renal cell carcinoma (RCC). A separate Phase I study was also done to evaluate the safety and tolerability of the combination of MK-3475 and PF-05082566 (PF-2566), Pfizer’s investigational, fully humanized monoclonal antibody (mAb) that stimulates signaling through 4-1BB (CD-137), a protein involved in regulation of immune cell proliferation and survival. Browse Other Related Report at: www.psmarketresearch.com/industry-report/pharmaceuticals Many companies are developing Synovial sarcoma drug candidates in different phases. Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, Epizyme Inc., Advenchen Laboratories LLC, F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Cue Biopharma, Inc., Bayer AG, Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Pfizer Inc., Immune Design Inc. and various other companies have their Synovial sarcoma drug candidates in different stages of development. Other key players developing drugs for Synovial sarcoma include Takara Bio Inc., Oncolytics Biotech Inc., Accuronix Therapeutics, Inc., Cue Biopharma, Inc., NewVac LLC, Stemsynergy Therapeutics, Inc. and Immunocore Limited. About P&S Market Research P&S Market Research is a market research company, which offers market research and consulting services for various geographies around the globe. We provide market research reports, industry forecasting reports, business intelligence, and research based consulting services across different industry/business verticals. As one of the top growing market research agency, we’re keen upon providing market landscape and accurate forecasting. Our analysts and consultants are proficient with business intelligence and market analysis, through their interaction with leading companies of the concerned domain. We help our clients with B2B market research and assist them in identifying various windows of opportunity, and framing informed and customized business expansion strategies in different regions. Contact: Kundan Manager – Client Partner 347, 5th Ave. #1402 New York City, NY – 10016 Toll-Free: +1-888-778-7886 (USA/Canada) Email: enquiry@psmarketresearch.com Web: www.psmarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Non-Ferrous Metals Powders Market Trends & Forecast to 2020- Industry Analysis by Geographical Regions, Type and Application Next PostNext Genomic Health Announces Presentation of Eight Oncotype DX Studies at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting Reinforcing Unique Impact Across Cancer Types Search Recent Posts Hain Celestial Receives Lender Waiver and Extension of Credit Facility to June 15th GM February 2018 Options Begin Trading Somalia: World Bank Approves US$50 Million in Support of Emergency Drought Response and Recovery Zetta Data Protection Receives PC Magazine Editor’s Choice Award ALM Equity AB: Kommuniké från årsstämma i ALM Equity AB (publ) Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Market 2017 Global Trends, Market Share, Growth, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 30, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Sales Market Report 2017 Nanotechnology Drug Delivery market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Nanotechnology Drug Delivery sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Johnson & Johnson Merck & Co Roche Bayer Novartis Pharmaceuticals Pfizer Amgen Celgene Corporation Angiotech Pharmaceuticals Capsulution Pharma AlphaRx Inc. Calando Pharmaceuticals Copernicus Therapeutics Elan Corporation Nanotherapeutics PAR Pharmaceutical GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/910563-global-nanotechnology-drug-delivery-sales-market-report-2017 Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Nanotechnology Drug Delivery for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Nanocrystals Nanoparticles Liposomes Micelles Nanotubes Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Nanotechnology Drug Delivery for each application, including Neurology Oncology Cardiovascular/Physiology Anti-inflammatory/Immunology Anti-infective Others If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/910563-global-nanotechnology-drug-delivery-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Sales Market Report 2017 1 Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Nanotechnology Drug Delivery 1.2 Classification of Nanotechnology Drug Delivery by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Nanocrystals 1.2.4 Nanoparticles 1.2.5 Liposomes 1.2.6 Micelles 1.2.7 Nanotubes 1.2.8 Others …CONTINUED List of Tables and Figures Figure Product Picture of Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Figure Global Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Sales Volume Comparison (K Units) by Type (2012-2022) Figure Global Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Sales Volume Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 Figure Nanocrystals Product Picture Figure Nanoparticles Product Picture Figure Liposomes Product Picture Figure Micelles Product Picture Figure Nanotubes Product Picture Figure Others Product Picture …CONTINUED FOR ANY QUERY, CONTACT US @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/910563-global-nanotechnology-drug-delivery-sales-market-report-2017 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Abaco Systems Announces Availability of DDC-I’s Deos DO-178 Certifiable Operating System for FORCE2 Rugged Mission Ready Display Computer Next PostNext Evolent Health to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conferences Search Recent Posts New Masterclass in Queenstown for conference More practical and applied skills needed Worldwide Business with kathy ireland® Showcases Innovative Manufacturing Solutions for New Businesses from Dynamic Blending Specialists Worldwide Business with kathy ireland®: See Why GTMS Global is Making Shipping Easier for Companies Modern Living with kathy ireland® Showcased Healthy Indoor Cleaning Solutions From Airbiotics Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
nature.com Sitemap Register Login Nature International weekly journal of science Search Go Advanced search Home News & Comment Research Careers & Jobs Current Issue Archive Audio & Video For Authors News & Comment News 2017 May Article Nature | News Sharing Ebola vaccine approved for use in ongoing outbreak Officials have signed off on an experimental vaccine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, but the decision on whether to deploy it remains up in the air. Amy Maxmen 30 May 2017 Article tools Rights & Permissions John Moore/Getty Images Ebola vaccines have been used before, but only in trials such as this one in 2015 in Liberia. Regulatory and ethics review boards in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) have approved the use of an experimental Ebola vaccine to combat an ongoing outbreak of the virus, officials announced on 29 May. If they decide to deploy the vaccine, called rVSV-ZEBOV, health-care workers will offer it to those at highest risk of contracting the disease. Uncertainties over the outbreak’s magnitude mean that Congolese authorities and the World Health Organization (WHO) must determine whether the small number of confirmed cases justifies the cost and logistical complexity that comes with deploying the vaccine, says Marie-Paule Kieny, assistant director-general of Health Systems and Innovation at the WHO’s headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. Officials have confirmed only two cases of Ebola since they started getting reports of people with Ebola-like symptoms in late April. There are 17 suspected cases in the DRC awaiting a diagnosis, as of an update from the WHO dated 28 May. Sixty-seven percent of the computer simulations run by officials predict that there will be no further cases in the next month. Handle with care Nonetheless, officials have spent the past two weeks preparing to transport the vaccine to the outbreak’s epicentre in Likati, a remote part of the Bas-Uélé province, a part of the country that borders the Central African Republic. Workers will need to use a combination of helicopters and motorcycles, because the heavily forested province — nearly twice the size of Ireland — doesn’t have paved roads. Another option is to use small boats to traverse the region on narrow rivers. Furthermore, a lack of electricity in the area will require portable freezers capable of storing the vaccine doses at –80 °C. The WHO and Congolese authorities will also need to train nurses on how best to roll out the immunizations, says Eugene Kabambi, a WHO communications officer based in Kinshasa, DRC. And communities must be educated about the vaccine so that there are no misunderstandings about its safety or its benefits, given the danger of Ebola. In the meantime, the Congolese Ministry of Health and the WHO have arranged for the deployment of two mobile laboratories in Bas-Uélé, where researchers with the Congolese National Biomedical Research Institute can run diagnostic tests for Ebola. And a group from the aid organization Médecins Sans Frontiéres (MSF, also known as Doctors Without Borders) has set up and staffed a 10-bed Ebola treatment unit near the outbreak’s epicentre. In case of emergency In April, a WHO working group recommended the use of rVSV-ZEBOV should an outbreak occur, on the basis of promising results from a clinical trial conducted in 2015 during the Ebola crisis in Guinea1. There are 300,000 doses of the vaccine available, owing to an agreement made in 2016 between the international organization Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, and Merck, the pharmaceutical company that manufactures rVSV-ZEBOV. The key to Merck’s vaccine is a protein expressed on the surface of the Zaire strain of Ebola, collected during a 1995 outbreak in Kikwit, DRC. This is nearly identical to the strain circulating in the country now. The protein triggers a person’s immune system to produce antibodies that fight the virus. Should the vaccine be deployed, staff at MSF will vaccinate health-care workers in the hot zone and the initial group of people who had contact with those infected with Ebola, as well as a secondary group who had contact with the initial crowd. This ‘ring-vaccination’ strategy was used in Guinea in 2015 to protect those at highest risk of exposure. The infrastructure, including laboratories and equipment, and the personnel required to address the Ebola epidemic in the DRC won’t come cheap. The Congolese government has estimated that its response will require US$14 million. But a humanitarian crisis in the Kisai region in central DRC is also draining resources from the government and international donors. The United Nations stated in April that it will cost at least $11 million to meet the immediate nutritional, health and education needs of more than a million people who have been displaced by escalating conflicts in the region. “Ebola outbreaks are tragic but expected,” says Mark Feinberg, president of the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative based in New York City. “And this is an important opportunity to test how prepared countries are to decide whether or not they want to deploy new vaccines, and how, before they are licensed.” Journal name: Nature DOI: doi:10.1038/nature.2017.22024 References Henao-Restrepo, A. M. et al. Lancet 389, 505–518 (2017). Article PubMed ChemPort Related stories and links From nature.com Ebola vaccine could get first real-world test in emerging outbreak 12 May 2017 Unusual deal ensures Ebola vaccine supply 20 January 2016 How to beat the next Ebola 05 August 2015 Trial and triumph 05 August 2015 How Ebola-vaccine success could reshape clinical-trial policy 04 August 2015 Successful Ebola vaccine provides 100% protection in trial 31 July 2015 Nature special: Ebola epidemic in West Africa Author information Author details Amy Maxmen Search for this author in NPG journals PubMed Google Scholar For the best commenting experience, please login or register as a user and agree to our Community Guidelines. You will be re-directed back to this page where you will see comments updating in real-time and have the ability to recommend comments to other users. Comments Comments Subscribe to comments There are currently no comments. See other News & Comment articles from Nature Trials of embryonic stem cells to launch in China Canada weighs scientific consequences of moving a mega-telescope Ebola vaccine approved for use in ongoing outbreak Horatio’s head, arty ants and an ephemeral lake Mummy DNA unravels ancient Egyptians’ ancestry Crowd-based peer review can be good and fast Govern land as a global commons Monument to peer review unveiled in Moscow Jupiter’s secrets revealed by NASA probe Colombian biologist cleared of criminal charges for posting another scientist’s thesis online Tissue-independent cancer drug gets fast-track approval from US regulator Fund to curb outbreaks and chronic disease on the chopping block Fleeting phase of planet formation discovered Astronomy: An all-American eclipse Museums: The life and times of a curiosity-monger Drop in cases of Zika threatens large-scale trials Books in brief Quantum computing, election pledges and a thief who made science history The best-kept secrets to winning grants Medical microbots need better imaging and control Social Media Box - AML E-alert RSS Facebook Twitter Close Follow @naturenews Psssst... The best-kept secrets to winning grants With competition for research funding approaching an all-time high, experts reveal their top tips and tricks. Top Content - Article Page Recent Trials of embryonic stem cells to launch in China Nature 30 May 2017 Canada weighs scientific consequences of moving a mega-telescope Nature 30 May 2017 Ebola vaccine approved for use in ongoing outbreak Nature 30 May 2017 Read The best-kept secrets to winning grants Nature 24 May 2017 Lab-grown blood stem cells produced at last Nature 17 May 2017 Biology needs more staff scientists Nature 16 May 2017 View all Commented Iron-dumping ocean experiment sparks controversy Nature 23 May 2017 10 comments Keep doors open for constructive dialogue between religion and science Nature 15 May 2017 6 comments Beware the anti-science label Nature 10 May 2017 5 comments View all The best science news from Nature and beyond, direct to your inbox every day. <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Thesis theft case Colombian biologist cleared of criminal charges for posting another scientist’s thesis online Diego Gómez had faced up to eight years in jail in closely watched copyright case whose verdict has been appealed. Major revision Monument to peer review unveiled in Moscow Cornerstone of modern science immortalized in concrete. Molecular markers Tissue-independent cancer drug gets fast-track approval from US regulator Treatment will be given on the basis of a tumour’s molecular markers, rather than its location in the body. E.coli, in full colour Light-sensitive E. coli paint a colourful picture Microbes have been genetically engineered to sense red, green and blue light, and to produce pictures of what they 'see'. Nature Podcast Listen This week, E. coli with colour vision, tracing the Zika virus outbreak, and a roadmap for medical microbots. Science jobs from nature jobs Faculty Position for Research Director of the Animal BSL3 Facility at Duke-NUS DUKE-NUS Medical school Ph.D. Program and Integrated MS-Ph.D. Program of IBS School-UST Institute for Basic Science Chief of Newborn Medicine Mass General for Children at North Shore Medical Center (NSMC) Corporate Communications Manager, Springer Nature, Japan Springer Nature Editorial Assistants, Nature Research - Talent Pool 2017 Springer Nature Post a Job More Science Jobs Nature ISSN: 0028-0836 EISSN: 1476-4687 About us Contact us Accessibility statement Help Privacy policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms Nature jobs Nature Asia Nature Education RSS web feeds About Nature Contact Nature About the Editors Nature awards Search Go © 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All Rights Reserved. partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, CrossRef and COUNTER
Home Topics Disparities Policy Global Health Policy Health Costs Health Reform HIV/AIDS Medicaid Medicare Private Insurance Uninsured Women’s Health Policy Polling Perspectives State Health Facts Graphics & Interactives Charts & Slides Kaiser Health News Media Campaigns Newsroom Newsroom News Releases Events Subscribe to Emails Cite Us/Reprint Media Contacts About Us About Us Our Programs Key Staff Media Fellowships Barbara Jordan Conference Center Contact Us Employment Opportunities Filling the need for trusted information on national health issues… Filling the need for trusted information on national health issues… ACA’s Future Medicaid’s Future Pre-existing Conditions menu KFF.org Twitter Facebook Email Home Global Health Policy Kaiser Daily Global Health Policy Report May 30, 2017 DRC Approves Use Of Experimental Ebola Vaccine; Epidemiologists Search For Origins Of Strain Causing Current Outbreak May 30, 2017 Quartz: DR Congo is tackling a new Ebola outbreak with an experimental vaccine “…On May 12, the World Health Organization declared an Ebola outbreak in DR Congo after it confirmed three deaths. At the time, the United Nations health agency said there was no cause for panic. Now, with as many as 52 suspected cases, DR Congo’s health ministry is stepping up its response and has approved the use of a new experimental vaccine to stop the outbreak…” (Kazeem, 5/29). Reuters: Congo approves use of Ebola vaccination to fight outbreak “…The vaccine, known as rVSV-ZEBOV and developed by Merck, is not yet licensed but was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published last December. … WHO spokesman Tarik Jasarevic said in Geneva that vaccination would be deployed ‘should an EVD (Ebola virus disease) laboratory confirmed case be identified outside already defined chains of transmission’…” (Ross/Nebehay, 5/29). ScienceInsider: Could pigs be involved in Congo’s new Ebola outbreak? “…[S]cientists and public health officials are investigating whether pigs are somehow involved in the Ebola outbreak now underway in a remote region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). If so, it would add a new — but not totally unexpected — chapter to the virus’s turbulent history…” (Kupferschmidt/Cohen, 5/26). VOA News: Genetic Testing Underway on Virus Behind New Ebola Outbreak “Tests are underway to determine the genetic sequence of the Ebola virus behind an outbreak in central Africa, a U.S. Centers for Disease Control researcher said Friday. Dr. Barbara Knust, an epidemiologist, told VOA’s Horn of Africa service that scientists are looking for ‘clues’ about where this strain of Ebola originated and how to treat it…” (Halake, 5/26). Tags Africa Clinical Research/R&D Disease Diagnosis/Detection Disease Outbreaks Ebola UN Agency US Global Health Policy Vaccines Search News Summaries For: Recent Reports May 26, 2017 May 25, 2017 May 24, 2017 May 23, 2017 May 22, 2017 Related Summaries Sustained Research, Development Of Ebola Vaccine Critical To Ending Epidemic, Future Disease Outbreaks WHO Expands Experimental Ebola Vaccine Trial To Sierra Leone After New Case Detected Ebola Cases Rise In West Africa; Health Workers In Liberia Struggle To Find Work; U.S., China Disagree Over Experimental Drugs Topics Disparities Policy Global Health Policy Health Costs Health Reform Medicaid Medicare Private Insurance Uninsured Women’s Health Policy Polling Perspectives State Health Facts Graphics & Interactives Charts & Slides Kaiser Health News Media Campaigns Newsroom News Releases Events Subscribe to Emails Cite Us/Reprint Media Contacts About Us Our Programs Key Staff Media Fellowships Barbara Jordan Conference Center Contact Us Employment Opportunities © 2017 Kaiser Family Foundation Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Follow Us Facebook Twitter Feeds Get the Latest on Health Policy Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign Up The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation Headquarters: 2400 Sand Hill Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025 | Phone 650-854-9400 Washington Offices and Barbara Jordan Conference Center: 1330 G Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005 | Phone 202-347-5270 www.kff.org | Email Alerts: kff.org/email | facebook.com/KaiserFamilyFoundation | twitter.com/KaiserFamFound Filling the need for trusted information on national health issues, the Kaiser Family Foundation is a nonprofit organization based in Menlo Park, California.
Mittwoch, 31. Mai | 07:00 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ORIGINAL RESEARCH 16:27 | 30.05.2017 NOXXON Pharma NV Original-Research: NOXXON Pharma NV – von First Berlin Equity Research GmbH Einstufung von First Berlin Equity Research GmbH zu NOXXON Pharma NV Unternehmen: NOXXON Pharma NV ISIN: NL0012044762 Anlass der Studie: Update Empfehlung: BUY seit: 30.05.2017 Kursziel: 39,00 Euro Kursziel auf Sicht von: 12 Monaten Letzte Ratingänderung: – Analyst: Christian Orquera First Berlin Equity Research has published a research update on NOXXON Pharma NV (ISIN: NL0012044762). Analyst Christian Orquera reiterated his BUY rating and decreased the price target from EUR 40.00 to EUR 39.00. Abstract: On 16 May, Noxxon closed an agreement with the National Centre for Tumour Disease (NCT) in Heidelberg. At this leading cancer centre, Noxxon will conduct the Phase II study of its lead drug candidate NOX-A12 in combination with Merck’s drug Keytruda (pembrolizumab) in a total of 20 metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients. This is good news and we expect enrolment to start soon. A few days earlier Noxxon published FY/16 results which were slightly better than we expected, and closed a capital increase raising EUR1.0m. The company also converted most of Kreos’ outstanding EUR2.6m debt and secured up to EUR20m financing through the issue of EUR10m of convertible notes with warrants to subscribe to a further EUR10m. We currently expect Noxxon to raise only EUR4.5m through the notes (giving rise to a further EUR4.5m in warrants) which will suffice to generate the required Phase II top-line data of NOX-A12. Overall we view the deal as positive as it secures funding through 2018. However, the dilutive effect (substantial discount to the current share price) has a slightly negative impact on our valuation. We have therefore lowered our price target to EUR39.00 (previously EUR40.00). We reiterate our Buy rating. First Berlin Equity Research hat ein Research Update zu NOXXON Pharma NV (ISIN: NL0012044762) veröffentlicht. Analyst Christian Orquera bestätigt seine BUY-Empfehlung und senkt das Kursziel von EUR 40,00 auf EUR 39,00. Zusammenfassung: Am 16. Mai schloss Noxxon eine Vereinbarung mit dem Nationalen Zentrum für Tumorkrankheit (NCT) in Heidelberg ab. An diesem führenden Krebszentrum wird Noxxon die Phase-II-Studie seines Arzneimittelkandidaten NOX-A12 in Kombination mit Mercks Medikament Keytruda (Pembrolizumab) bei insgesamt 20 metastasierten kolorektalen und pankreatischen Krebspatienten durchführen. Das ist eine gute Nachricht und wir erwarten, dass die Patientenrekrutierung bald beginnt. Ein paar Tage zuvor veröffentlichte Noxxon FY/16-Ergebnisse, die etwas besser waren als wir erwartet hatten, und schloss eine Kapitalerhöhung von EUR1,0 Mio ab. Das Unternehmen hat auch die meisten bei Kreos ausstehenden EUR2,6 Mio. Schulden umgewandelt und sich bis zu EUR20 Mio. Finanzierung durch die Ausgabe von EUR10 Mio. Wandelanleihen und EUR10 Mio. Optionsscheine gesichert. Wir erwarten derzeit, dass Noxxon nur noch EUR4,5 Mio. durch die Wandelanleihen (plus weitere EUR4,5 Mio. durch Optionsscheine) abruft, was ausreicht, um die benötigten Top-Line-Ergebnisse der Phase-II-Studie von NOX-A12 zu generieren. Insgesamt bewerten wir den Deal positiv, da die nötige Finanzierung bis 2018 gesichert ist. Der verwässernde Effekt des Deals (erheblicher Abschlag auf den aktuellen Aktienkurs) wirkt sich jedoch leicht negativ auf unsere Bewertung aus. Wir haben daher unser Kursziel auf EUR39,00 (vorher EUR40,00) gesenkt. Wir bekräftigen unsere Kaufempfehlung. Bezüglich der Pflichtangaben gem. §34b WpHG und des Haftungsausschlusses siehe http://firstberlin.com/imprint/ oder die vollständige Analyse. Die vollständige Analyse können Sie hier downloaden: http://www.more-ir.de/d/15259.pdf Kontakt für Rückfragen First Berlin Equity Research GmbH Herr Gaurav Tiwari Tel.: +49 (0)30 809 39 686 web: www.firstberlin.com E-Mail: g.tiwari@firstberlin.com ——————-übermittelt durch die EQS Group AG.——————- Für den Inhalt der Mitteilung bzw. Research ist alleine der Herausgeber bzw. Ersteller der Studie verantwortlich. Diese Meldung ist keine Anlageberatung oder Aufforderung zum Abschluss bestimmter Börsengeschäfte. Bookmarken NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 08:54 Uhr | 31.05.2017 PPG Industries muss sich mit ... 08:54 Uhr | 31.05.2017 AKTIE IM FOKUS: Südzucker ... 08:49 Uhr | 31.05.2017 ANALYSE-FLASH: Commerzbank hebt ... 08:34 Uhr | 31.05.2017 IPO: Restaurantkette Vapiano will ... 08:31 Uhr | 31.05.2017 OTS: creditshelf / Finanzierung: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min       Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Mittwoch, 31. Mai | 07:00 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: AGENTURMELDUNGEN 16:27 | 30.05.2017 Original-Research: NOXXON Pharma NV (von First Berlin Equity Research GmbH): BUY ^ Original-Research: NOXXON Pharma NV – von First Berlin Equity Research GmbH Einstufung von First Berlin Equity Research GmbH zu NOXXON Pharma NV Unternehmen: NOXXON Pharma NV ISIN: NL0012044762 Anlass der Studie: Update Empfehlung: BUY seit: 30.05.2017 Kursziel: 39,00 Euro Kursziel auf Sicht von: 12 Monaten Letzte Ratingänderung: – Analyst: Christian Orquera First Berlin Equity Research has published a research update on NOXXON Pharma NV (ISIN: NL0012044762). Analyst Christian Orquera reiterated his BUY rating and decreased the price target from EUR 40.00 to EUR 39.00. Abstract: On 16 May, Noxxon closed an agreement with the National Centre for Tumour Disease (NCT) in Heidelberg. At this leading cancer centre, Noxxon will conduct the Phase II study of its lead drug candidate NOX-A12 in combination with Merck’s drug Keytruda (pembrolizumab) in a total of 20 metastatic colorectal and pancreatic cancer patients. This is good news and we expect enrolment to start soon. A few days earlier Noxxon published FY/16 results which were slightly better than we expected, and closed a capital increase raising EUR1.0m. The company also converted most of Kreos’ outstanding EUR2.6m debt and secured up to EUR20m financing through the issue of EUR10m of convertible notes with warrants to subscribe to a further EUR10m. We currently expect Noxxon to raise only EUR4.5m through the notes (giving rise to a further EUR4.5m in warrants) which will suffice to generate the required Phase II top-line data of NOX-A12. Overall we view the deal as positive as it secures funding through 2018. However, the dilutive effect (substantial discount to the current share price) has a slightly negative impact on our valuation. We have therefore lowered our price target to EUR39.00 (previously EUR40.00). We reiterate our Buy rating. First Berlin Equity Research hat ein Research Update zu NOXXON Pharma NV (ISIN: NL0012044762) veröffentlicht. Analyst Christian Orquera bestätigt seine BUY-Empfehlung und senkt das Kursziel von EUR 40,00 auf EUR 39,00. Zusammenfassung: Am 16. Mai schloss Noxxon eine Vereinbarung mit dem Nationalen Zentrum für Tumorkrankheit (NCT) in Heidelberg ab. An diesem führenden Krebszentrum wird Noxxon die Phase-II-Studie seines Arzneimittelkandidaten NOX-A12 in Kombination mit Mercks Medikament Keytruda (Pembrolizumab) bei insgesamt 20 metastasierten kolorektalen und pankreatischen Krebspatienten durchführen. Das ist eine gute Nachricht und wir erwarten, dass die Patientenrekrutierung bald beginnt. Ein paar Tage zuvor veröffentlichte Noxxon FY/16-Ergebnisse, die etwas besser waren als wir erwartet hatten, und schloss eine Kapitalerhöhung von EUR1,0 Mio ab. Das Unternehmen hat auch die meisten bei Kreos ausstehenden EUR2,6 Mio. Schulden umgewandelt und sich bis zu EUR20 Mio. Finanzierung durch die Ausgabe von EUR10 Mio. Wandelanleihen und EUR10 Mio. Optionsscheine gesichert. Wir erwarten derzeit, dass Noxxon nur noch EUR4,5 Mio. durch die Wandelanleihen (plus weitere EUR4,5 Mio. durch Optionsscheine) abruft, was ausreicht, um die benötigten Top-Line-Ergebnisse der Phase-II-Studie von NOX-A12 zu generieren. Insgesamt bewerten wir den Deal positiv, da die nötige Finanzierung bis 2018 gesichert ist. Der verwässernde Effekt des Deals (erheblicher Abschlag auf den aktuellen Aktienkurs) wirkt sich jedoch leicht negativ auf unsere Bewertung aus. Wir haben daher unser Kursziel auf EUR39,00 (vorher EUR40,00) gesenkt. Wir bekräftigen unsere Kaufempfehlung. Bezüglich der Pflichtangaben gem. §34b WpHG und des Haftungsausschlusses siehe http://firstberlin.com/imprint/ oder die vollständige Analyse. Die vollständige Analyse können Sie hier downloaden: http://www.more-ir.de/d/15259.pdf Kontakt für Rückfragen First Berlin Equity Research GmbH Herr Gaurav Tiwari Tel.: +49 (0)30 809 39 686 web: www.firstberlin.com E-Mail: g.tiwari@firstberlin.com ——————-übermittelt durch die EQS Group AG.——————- Für den Inhalt der Mitteilung bzw. Research ist alleine der Herausgeber bzw. Ersteller der Studie verantwortlich. Diese Meldung ist keine Anlageberatung oder Aufforderung zum Abschluss bestimmter Börsengeschäfte. ° Bookmarken NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 08:54 Uhr | 31.05.2017 PPG Industries muss sich mit ... 08:54 Uhr | 31.05.2017 AKTIE IM FOKUS: Südzucker ... 08:49 Uhr | 31.05.2017 ANALYSE-FLASH: Commerzbank hebt ... 08:34 Uhr | 31.05.2017 IPO: Restaurantkette Vapiano will ... 08:31 Uhr | 31.05.2017 OTS: creditshelf / Finanzierung: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min       Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dr. Eric G. Mortensen, M.D., Ph.D., Clinical Trial Veteran, Joins CytoSorbents as Chief Medical Officer MONMOUTH JUNCTION, N.J., May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — CytoSorbents Corporation (NASDAQ: CTSO), a critical care immunotherapy leader using CytoSorb® blood purification to treat deadly inflammation in critically-ill and cardiac surgery patients around the world, announced that Dr. Eric G. Mortensen, M.D., Ph.D., will join CytoSorbents as Chief Medical Officer, starting full-time on June 1, 2017.  Dr. Phillip Chan, M.D., Ph.D., CytoSorbents’ Chief Executive Officer stated, „Dr. Mortensen has led clinical development of key programs for some of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, including Pfizer’s novel rheumatoid arthritis therapy, Xeljanz®, which has achieved approximately $1 billion in annual worldwide sales. He brings more than two decades of proven and successful clinical trial development expertise to the company, as well as a wealth of knowledge and experience in immunology, inflammation, and clinical medicine. We are thrilled to welcome Dr. Mortensen to the executive team at CytoSorbents.”  Dr. Mortensen commented, „CytoSorbents is at an exciting phase in the clinical and scientific validation of its unique immunotherapy approach, and I am eager to contribute my significant clinical development experience to advance this important technology. CytoSorb has been used successfully in a wide range of challenging inflammatory conditions, demonstrating the promise of blood purification as an alternative to drugs and biologics. Our goal now is to design and execute the appropriate, well-designed studies to make CytoSorb standard of care for many of these conditions. I look forward to building upon the recent REFRESH I cardiac surgery trial to advance CytoSorb through a registration trial towards potential U.S. approval. In addition, I am fascinated by the easily modified core polymer, which has led to many new experimental treatments for blood transfusion applications, hyperkalemia, drug overdose, and toxin-mediated disease. This flexibility, as well as the ability to be adapted to many different modes of administration, creates a wealth of opportunities to develop new therapies. I believe that CytoSorb and our related technologies represent a breakthrough paradigm in the approach to inflammation and critical care.” As Vice President & Therapeutic Area Clinical Head for Inflammation and Immunology at Pfizer from 2014 to 2016, Dr. Mortensen led the company’s global, late-stage development organization for programs in inflammatory diseases including studies for Enbrel® and Xeljanz®. As the Clinical Inflammation Development Strategy Lead and co-chair for Inflammation’s Therapeutic Area Strategy Team (TAST), he ensured an integrated approach to the development of medicines across the different indications within Inflammation and Immunology. Dr. Mortensen previously held positions of increasing responsibility as the Vice President, Global Medicine Development Group Global Lead for Xeljanz and Assistant Vice President and Global Therapeutic Area Director for Enbrel. Previously at GlaxoSmithKline, he led clinical programs for the reintroduction of alosetron to the US market, the registration program for alvimopan, and medical affairs programs for assets within Women’s Health, Urology, Acute Care, Gastrointestinal and Ophthalmologic business units.  Prior to this, at Merck Research Laboratories, he was responsible for registration studies of the COX2 inhibitors rofecoxib and etoricoxib. Dr. Mortensen received an A.B. in Biochemistry from Harvard College, an M.D. from the Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology Division of Health Sciences and Technology (HST), and a Ph.D. in Biophysics at the Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences where he studied the transduction of membrane-bound hormone receptor’s binding into intracellular activation of metabolic activity and cellular proliferation. Dr. Mortensen completed an internship and residency in Internal Medicine at the Massachusetts General Hospital and a fellowship in Gastroenterology at the University of Michigan Medical Center, Ann Arbor. CytoSorbents also announced that Dr. Robert H. Bartlett, M.D. will retire as Chief Medical Officer, but will continue working closely with the company as a consultant and as Co-chair of the Cardiac Surgery Advisory Board with Dr. Joseph Zwischenberger, M.D. through the next anticipated REFRESH 2 cardiac surgery trial. Dr. Chan stated, „For nearly nine years, Dr. Bartlett has served as Chief Medical Officer of CytoSorbents and has helped guide the company through multiple key clinical studies, including the successfully completed REFRESH I cardiac surgery trial, our European Union approval of CytoSorb, and commercialization of CytoSorb worldwide. A trusted advisor, an experienced and practical clinician, and a legend in the field of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, we are pleased to continue working with Dr. Bartlett on a consulting basis. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire company, we thank Dr. Bartlett for his many outstanding contributions towards the success of the company.” About CytoSorbents Corporation (NASDAQ: CTSO) CytoSorbents Corporation is a leader in critical care immunotherapy, specializing in blood purification. Its flagship product, CytoSorb® is approved in the European Union with distribution in 43 countries around the world, as a safe and effective extracorporeal cytokine adsorber, designed to reduce the „cytokine storm” or „cytokine release syndrome” that could otherwise cause massive inflammation, organ failure and death in common critical illnesses such as sepsis, burn injury, trauma, lung injury and pancreatitis, as well as in cancer immunotherapy. These are conditions where the risk of death is extremely high, yet no effective treatments exist. CytoSorb® is also being used during and after cardiac surgery to remove inflammatory mediators, such as cytokines and free hemoglobin, which can lead to post-operative complications, including multiple organ failure. CytoSorbents has completed its REFRESH (REduction in FREe Hemoglobin) 1 trial – a multi-center, randomized controlled study that has demonstrated the safety and efficacy of free hemoglobin reduction with intra-operative CytoSorb® use in a heart-lung machine during complex cardiac surgery.  In 2017, the company plans to initiate a pivotal REFRESH 2 trial intended to support U.S. FDA approval.  CytoSorb® has been used safely in more than 23,000 human treatments to date. CytoSorbents’ purification technologies are based on biocompatible, highly porous polymer beads that can actively remove toxic substances from blood and other bodily fluids by pore capture and surface adsorption. Its technologies have received non-dilutive grant, contract, and other funding in excess of $18 million from DARPA, the U.S. Army, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI), U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) and others. The Company has numerous products under development based upon this unique blood purification technology, protected by 32 issued U.S. patents and multiple applications pending, including CytoSorb-XL, HemoDefend™, VetResQ™, ContrastSorb, DrugSorb, and others.  For more information, please visit the Company’s websites at www.cytosorbents.com and www.cytosorb.com or follow us on Facebook and Twitter Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, representations and contentions and are not historical facts and typically are identified by use of terms such as „may,” „should,” „could,” „expect,” „plan,” „anticipate,” „believe,” „estimate,” „predict,” „potential,” „continue” and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. You should be aware that the forward-looking statements in this press release represent management’s current judgment and expectations, but our actual results, events and performance could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2017, as updated by the risks reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and in the press releases and other communications to shareholders issued by us from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors which may affect our business. We caution you not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, other than as required under the Federal securities laws.  Please Click to Follow Us on Facebook and Twitter To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dr-eric-g-mortensen-md-phd-clinical-trial-veteran-joins-cytosorbents-as-chief-medical-officer-300465222.html SOURCE CytoSorbents Corporation Related Links http://www.cytosorbents.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsClinical Trials & Medical Discoveries, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mid-America Careers Announces Launch of Enhanced Job Platform Next PostNext African Researchers Say Native Plants Hold Promise as New Mesothelioma Treatments, According to Surviving Mesothelioma Search Recent Posts Greenberg Traurig Governors’ Forum Brings Together Almost Half a Century of State Leadership for the First Time in Colorado’s History HealthTap Prime Launches in Texas to Connect 28-Million Residents with The Right Care, at the Right Time, and at the Right Cost Greenberg Traurig’s Ed Chansky to Speak at Engage for Good Conference 2017 HFF arranges $239 million for development of Four Seasons Private Residences in Los Angeles Grote Molen, Inc., d/b/a BlackRidge Technology, a Leader in Cyber Defense, Holds First Annual Shareholder Meeting Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Dr. Eric G. Mortensen, M.D., Ph.D., Clinical Trial Veteran, Joins CytoSorbents as Chief Medical Officer Strengthens clinical trial capability with more than two decades of proven and successful clinical trial development expertise News provided by CytoSorbents Corporation 30 May, 2017, 07:15 ET Share this article MONMOUTH JUNCTION, N.J., May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CytoSorbents Corporation (NASDAQ: CTSO), a critical care immunotherapy leader using CytoSorb® blood purification to treat deadly inflammation in critically-ill and cardiac surgery patients around the world, announced that Dr. Eric G. Mortensen, M.D., Ph.D., will join CytoSorbents as Chief Medical Officer, starting full-time on June 1, 2017.  Dr. Phillip Chan, M.D., Ph.D., CytoSorbents' Chief Executive Officer stated, "Dr. Mortensen has led clinical development of key programs for some of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world, including Pfizer's novel rheumatoid arthritis therapy, Xeljanz®, which has achieved approximately $1 billion in annual worldwide sales. He brings more than two decades of proven and successful clinical trial development expertise to the company, as well as a wealth of knowledge and experience in immunology, inflammation, and clinical medicine. We are thrilled to welcome Dr. Mortensen to the executive team at CytoSorbents."  Dr. Mortensen commented, "CytoSorbents is at an exciting phase in the clinical and scientific validation of its unique immunotherapy approach, and I am eager to contribute my significant clinical development experience to advance this important technology. CytoSorb has been used successfully in a wide range of challenging inflammatory conditions, demonstrating the promise of blood purification as an alternative to drugs and biologics. Our goal now is to design and execute the appropriate, well-designed studies to make CytoSorb standard of care for many of these conditions. I look forward to building upon the recent REFRESH I cardiac surgery trial to advance CytoSorb through a registration trial towards potential U.S. approval. In addition, I am fascinated by the easily modified core polymer, which has led to many new experimental treatments for blood transfusion applications, hyperkalemia, drug overdose, and toxin-mediated disease. This flexibility, as well as the ability to be adapted to many different modes of administration, creates a wealth of opportunities to develop new therapies. I believe that CytoSorb and our related technologies represent a breakthrough paradigm in the approach to inflammation and critical care." As Vice President & Therapeutic Area Clinical Head for Inflammation and Immunology at Pfizer from 2014 to 2016, Dr. Mortensen led the company's global, late-stage development organization for programs in inflammatory diseases including studies for Enbrel® and Xeljanz®. As the Clinical Inflammation Development Strategy Lead and co-chair for Inflammation's Therapeutic Area Strategy Team (TAST), he ensured an integrated approach to the development of medicines across the different indications within Inflammation and Immunology. Dr. Mortensen previously held positions of increasing responsibility as the Vice President, Global Medicine Development Group Global Lead for Xeljanz and Assistant Vice President and Global Therapeutic Area Director for Enbrel. Previously at GlaxoSmithKline, he led clinical programs for the reintroduction of alosetron to the US market, the registration program for alvimopan, and medical affairs programs for assets within Women's Health, Urology, Acute Care, Gastrointestinal and Ophthalmologic business units.  Prior to this, at Merck Research Laboratories, he was responsible for registration studies of the COX2 inhibitors rofecoxib and etoricoxib. Dr. Mortensen received an A.B. in Biochemistry from Harvard College, an M.D. from the Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology Division of Health Sciences and Technology (HST), and a Ph.D. in Biophysics at the Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences where he studied the transduction of membrane-bound hormone receptor's binding into intracellular activation of metabolic activity and cellular proliferation. Dr. Mortensen completed an internship and residency in Internal Medicine at the Massachusetts General Hospital and a fellowship in Gastroenterology at the University of Michigan Medical Center, Ann Arbor. CytoSorbents also announced that Dr. Robert H. Bartlett, M.D. will retire as Chief Medical Officer, but will continue working closely with the company as a consultant and as Co-chair of the Cardiac Surgery Advisory Board with Dr. Joseph Zwischenberger, M.D. through the next anticipated REFRESH 2 cardiac surgery trial. Dr. Chan stated, "For nearly nine years, Dr. Bartlett has served as Chief Medical Officer of CytoSorbents and has helped guide the company through multiple key clinical studies, including the successfully completed REFRESH I cardiac surgery trial, our European Union approval of CytoSorb, and commercialization of CytoSorb worldwide. A trusted advisor, an experienced and practical clinician, and a legend in the field of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, we are pleased to continue working with Dr. Bartlett on a consulting basis. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire company, we thank Dr. Bartlett for his many outstanding contributions towards the success of the company." About CytoSorbents Corporation (NASDAQ: CTSO) CytoSorbents Corporation is a leader in critical care immunotherapy, specializing in blood purification. Its flagship product, CytoSorb® is approved in the European Union with distribution in 43 countries around the world, as a safe and effective extracorporeal cytokine adsorber, designed to reduce the "cytokine storm" or "cytokine release syndrome" that could otherwise cause massive inflammation, organ failure and death in common critical illnesses such as sepsis, burn injury, trauma, lung injury and pancreatitis, as well as in cancer immunotherapy. These are conditions where the risk of death is extremely high, yet no effective treatments exist. CytoSorb® is also being used during and after cardiac surgery to remove inflammatory mediators, such as cytokines and free hemoglobin, which can lead to post-operative complications, including multiple organ failure. CytoSorbents has completed its REFRESH (REduction in FREe Hemoglobin) 1 trial – a multi-center, randomized controlled study that has demonstrated the safety and efficacy of free hemoglobin reduction with intra-operative CytoSorb® use in a heart-lung machine during complex cardiac surgery.  In 2017, the company plans to initiate a pivotal REFRESH 2 trial intended to support U.S. FDA approval.  CytoSorb® has been used safely in more than 23,000 human treatments to date. CytoSorbents' purification technologies are based on biocompatible, highly porous polymer beads that can actively remove toxic substances from blood and other bodily fluids by pore capture and surface adsorption. Its technologies have received non-dilutive grant, contract, and other funding in excess of $18 million from DARPA, the U.S. Army, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the National Institutes of Health (NIH), National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI), U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) and others. The Company has numerous products under development based upon this unique blood purification technology, protected by 32 issued U.S. patents and multiple applications pending, including CytoSorb-XL, HemoDefend™, VetResQ™, ContrastSorb, DrugSorb, and others.  For more information, please visit the Company's websites at www.cytosorbents.com and www.cytosorb.com or follow us on Facebook and Twitter Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, representations and contentions and are not historical facts and typically are identified by use of terms such as "may," "should," "could," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue" and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. You should be aware that the forward-looking statements in this press release represent management's current judgment and expectations, but our actual results, events and performance could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risks discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2017, as updated by the risks reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and in the press releases and other communications to shareholders issued by us from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors which may affect our business. We caution you not to place undue reliance upon any such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, other than as required under the Federal securities laws.  Please Click to Follow Us on Facebook and Twitter Cytosorbents Contact: Amy Vogel Investor Relations (732) 398-5394 avogel@cytosorbents.com   Public Relations Contact: Amy Phillips      Pascale Communications      412-327-9499      amy@pascalecommunications.com    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dr-eric-g-mortensen-md-phd-clinical-trial-veteran-joins-cytosorbents-as-chief-medical-officer-300465222.html SOURCE CytoSorbents Corporation Related Links http://www.cytosorbents.com 24 May, 2017, 08:05 ET Preview: CytoSorbents Selected to Present at Special Operations SOMSA 2017 Conference and 18th Annual B. Riley & Co. Investor Conference My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 22 May, 2017, 09:00 ET CytoSorbents Selected to Present at Special Operations SOMSA 2017... 22 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Aferetica and CytoSorbents Extend Exclusive "Life-saving"... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Personnel Announcements Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: Dr. Eric G. Mortensen, M.D., Ph.D., Clinical Trial Veteran, Joins CytoSorbents as Chief Medical Officer News provided by CytoSorbents Corporation 30 May, 2017, 07:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pediatric Healthcare Global Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022 “Pediatric Healthcare Market” WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On -“Pediatric Healthcare Global Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022”. This report studies the global Pediatric Healthcare market, analyzes and researches the Pediatric Healthcare development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like  Abbott  AstraZeneca  GlaxoSmithKline  Merck & Co  Pfizer  Sanofi  Perrigo  Mead Johnson  Nestle  Danon Get a Sample Report@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1321729-global-pediatric-healthcare-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers  United States  EU  Japan  China  India  Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Pediatric Healthcare can be split into  Vaccines  Drugs  Nutritionals Market segment by Application, Pediatric Healthcare can be split into  Under 1 Year Old Infants  1-6 Years Old Children  Over 6 Years Old Children   Ask Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1321729-global-pediatric-healthcare-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points   Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022  1 Industry Overview of Pediatric Healthcare  1.1 Pediatric Healthcare Market Overview  1.1.1 Pediatric Healthcare Product Scope  1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook  1.2 Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size and Analysis by Regions  1.2.1 United States  1.2.2 EU  1.2.3 Japan  1.2.4 China  1.2.5 India  1.2.6 Southeast Asia  1.3 Pediatric Healthcare Market by Type  1.3.1 Vaccines  1.3.2 Drugs  1.3.3 Nutritionals  1.4 Pediatric Healthcare Market by End Users/Application  1.4.1 Under 1 Year Old Infants  1.4.2 1-6 Years Old Children  1.4.3 Over 6 Years Old Children 2 Global Pediatric Healthcare Competition Analysis by Players  2.1 Pediatric Healthcare Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017)  2.2 Competitive Status and Trend  2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate  2.2.2 Product/Service Differences  2.2.3 New Entrants  2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles  3.1 Abbott  3.1.1 Company Profile  3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.1.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.1.5 Recent Developments  3.2 AstraZeneca  3.2.1 Company Profile  3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.2.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.2.5 Recent Developments  3.3 GlaxoSmithKline  3.3.1 Company Profile  3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.3.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.3.5 Recent Developments  3.4 Merck & Co  3.4.1 Company Profile  3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.4.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.4.5 Recent Developments  3.5 Pfizer  3.5.1 Company Profile  3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.5.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.5.5 Recent Developments  3.6 Sanofi  3.6.1 Company Profile  3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.6.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.6.5 Recent Developments  3.7 Perrigo  3.7.1 Company Profile  3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.7.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.7.5 Recent Developments  3.8 Mead Johnson  3.8.1 Company Profile  3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.8.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.8.5 Recent Developments  3.9 Nestle  3.9.1 Company Profile  3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.9.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.9.5 Recent Developments  3.10 Danon  3.10.1 Company Profile  3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.10.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.10.5 Recent Developments 4 Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017)  4.1 Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size by Type (2012-2017)  4.2 Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size by Application (2012-2017)  4.3 Potential Application of Pediatric Healthcare in Future  4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Pediatric Healthcare Continued…….   For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1321729   ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: www.wiseguyreports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Hospitality, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Science Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Krill Oil Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Global Precision Runway Monitoring System Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 14.75% During The Period 2017-2021 Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pediatric Healthcare Global Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022 “Pediatric Healthcare Market” WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On -“Pediatric Healthcare Global Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022”. This report studies the global Pediatric Healthcare market, analyzes and researches the Pediatric Healthcare development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like  Abbott  AstraZeneca  GlaxoSmithKline  Merck & Co  Pfizer  Sanofi  Perrigo  Mead Johnson  Nestle  Danon Get a Sample Report@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1321729-global-pediatric-healthcare-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers  United States  EU  Japan  China  India  Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Pediatric Healthcare can be split into  Vaccines  Drugs  Nutritionals Market segment by Application, Pediatric Healthcare can be split into  Under 1 Year Old Infants  1-6 Years Old Children  Over 6 Years Old Children   Ask Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1321729-global-pediatric-healthcare-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points   Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022  1 Industry Overview of Pediatric Healthcare  1.1 Pediatric Healthcare Market Overview  1.1.1 Pediatric Healthcare Product Scope  1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook  1.2 Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size and Analysis by Regions  1.2.1 United States  1.2.2 EU  1.2.3 Japan  1.2.4 China  1.2.5 India  1.2.6 Southeast Asia  1.3 Pediatric Healthcare Market by Type  1.3.1 Vaccines  1.3.2 Drugs  1.3.3 Nutritionals  1.4 Pediatric Healthcare Market by End Users/Application  1.4.1 Under 1 Year Old Infants  1.4.2 1-6 Years Old Children  1.4.3 Over 6 Years Old Children 2 Global Pediatric Healthcare Competition Analysis by Players  2.1 Pediatric Healthcare Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017)  2.2 Competitive Status and Trend  2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate  2.2.2 Product/Service Differences  2.2.3 New Entrants  2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles  3.1 Abbott  3.1.1 Company Profile  3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.1.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.1.5 Recent Developments  3.2 AstraZeneca  3.2.1 Company Profile  3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.2.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.2.5 Recent Developments  3.3 GlaxoSmithKline  3.3.1 Company Profile  3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.3.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.3.5 Recent Developments  3.4 Merck & Co  3.4.1 Company Profile  3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.4.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.4.5 Recent Developments  3.5 Pfizer  3.5.1 Company Profile  3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.5.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.5.5 Recent Developments  3.6 Sanofi  3.6.1 Company Profile  3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.6.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.6.5 Recent Developments  3.7 Perrigo  3.7.1 Company Profile  3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.7.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.7.5 Recent Developments  3.8 Mead Johnson  3.8.1 Company Profile  3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.8.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.8.5 Recent Developments  3.9 Nestle  3.9.1 Company Profile  3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.9.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.9.5 Recent Developments  3.10 Danon  3.10.1 Company Profile  3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview  3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions  3.10.4 Pediatric Healthcare Revenue (Value) (2012-2017)  3.10.5 Recent Developments 4 Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017)  4.1 Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size by Type (2012-2017)  4.2 Global Pediatric Healthcare Market Size by Application (2012-2017)  4.3 Potential Application of Pediatric Healthcare in Future  4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Pediatric Healthcare Continued…….   For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1321729   ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: www.wiseguyreports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Health & Medicine, Hospitality, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Science Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Krill Oil Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022 Next PostNext Global Precision Runway Monitoring System Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 14.75% During The Period 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Global Fracking Chemicals and Fluid Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Vilkyškių pieninė AB, not audited financial results for the first three months of 2017 Need for Cost Reduction and Faster Time to Pure Play Software Testing Services Market 2017-2021 Lithium Carbonate Market Report On Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, By Players, Types and Applications 2017-2022 Global Bio banking Market to reach $15.01 Billion with CAGR 8% from 2017 to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Blood System Agents Market 2017 Lanxess, Bayer, Merck, Novartis, GE Blood System Agents Market Blood System Agents Market Research Report A market study based on the ” Blood System Agents Market ” across the globe, recently added to the repository of Market Research, is titled ‘Global Blood System Agents Market 2017’. The research report analyses the historical as well as present performance of the worldwide Blood System Agents industry, and makes predictions on the future status of Blood System Agents market on the basis of this analysis. Ask For Sample Copy of Report : bit.ly/2rfh8Hh Top Manufacturers Companies Covered In This Research Report – Lanxess Bayer Merck Novartis GE lexible Flat Cable (FFC) Connectors Machine Market : Type Analysis Type I Type II lexible Flat Cable (FFC) Connectors Machine Market : Application Analysis Application 1 Application 2 The report studies the industry for Blood System Agents across the globe taking the existing industry chain, the import and export statistics in Blood System Agents market & dynamics of demand and supply of Blood System Agents into consideration. The ‚ Blood System Agents ‚ research study covers each and every aspect of the Blood System Agents market globally, which starts from the definition of the Blood System Agents industry and develops towards Blood System Agents market segmentations. Further, every segment of the Blood System Agents market is classified and analysed on the basis of product types, application, and the end-use industries of the Blood System Agents market. The geographical segmentation of the Blood System Agents industry has also been covered at length in this report. The competitive landscape of the worldwide market for Blood System Agents is determined by evaluating the various industry participants, production capacity, Blood System Agents market’s production chain, and the revenue generated by each manufacturer in the Blood System Agents market worldwide. Enquiry Here : bit.ly/2rxhVEu The global Blood System Agents market 2017 is also analysed on the basis of product pricing, Blood System Agents production volume, data regarding demand and Blood System Agents supply, and the revenue garnered by the product. Various methodical tool of Blood System Agents such as investment returns, feasibility, and market attractiveness analysis has been used in Blood System Agents market research to present a comprehensive study of the industry for Blood System Agents across the globe. About Us: „Spire Market Research” is a leading market intelligence team which accredits and provides the reports of some of the top publishers in the field of technology industry. We are as a firm expertise in making extensive reports that cover all the necessary details about the market assessments such as major technological improvement in the industry. Contact Us 5001 Spring Valley Road, Suite 400 East, Dallas, TX 75244, USA This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Low Iron Solar Glass Market Outlook Supply, Growth Rate By Application (2017-2022) And Manufacturers Profiles Next PostNext Magnesium Raw Materials Market Analysis By Regions, Revenue, Import/ Export, Cost, Price, Production & Size 2022 Search Recent Posts Dominion Diamond Announces Jay Project Water Licence Recommended for Approval ElderSens Launches DiaperSens System for Elderly Care Hana Financial Announces an Investment by YESCO Co. Ltd., an Affiliate of LS Group World Capnography Equipment Market during 2017-2021-Industry Analysis, Geographical, Application, and Geography Trend & Forecasts Global Flanged Bobbin Winding Machine Market 2017-2021 – Leading Companies, Material, Application, and Geography Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
May 31, 2017 0656 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:193809 Publish Date: Tue, 30 May 2017 13:23:24 GMT Service: Health Congo approves use of Ebola vaccination to fight outbreak Democratic Republic of Congo's Health Ministry has approved the use of a new Ebola vaccine to counter an outbreak in its northeast that has killed four people, a spokesman said. Quoting Jonathan Simba, a Health Ministry spokesman, reuters.com reported, "The non-objection was given. Now there's a Medicines Sans Frontieres team that is arriving (in Congo) to validate the protocol with the technical teams.” The vaccine, known as rVSV-ZEBOV and developed by Merck, is not yet licensed but was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published last December. Congo had registered 52 total suspected cases, including two that have been confirmed, the World Health Organization (WHO) spokesman in Congo, Eugene Kabambi, said by telephone, adding that the situation appeared to be under control. Simba said that the details of the vaccination campaign would be announced after a meeting of the health ministry and its partners. WHO spokesman Tarik Jasarevic said in Geneva that vaccination would be deployed should an EVD (Ebola virus disease) laboratory confirmed case be identified outside already defined chains of transmission. Jasarevic said, “In that case, it would be offered to contacts and contacts of contacts of a confirmed EVD case, including healthcare workers and field laboratory Workers.” A vaccination campaign would present logistical challenges in Congo's isolated northeastern forests, including transporting and storing the vaccine in special containers at the required minus 80°C.     KeyWords Congo approves Ebola   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News New tool could help prevent work-related hand, wrist injuries Cold water as effective as hot to remove germs Injury rates in young female athletes may be underestimated Congo approves use of Ebola vaccination to fight outbreak Celiac disease symptoms more likely to be resolved in children Researchers given grant to slow progression of degenerative brain diseases How to raise child to become a billionaire Learning to read and write alters brain wiring within months How to stay cool in bed with no air conditioning Daughters bring out 'softer side' in fathers Most Visited Dems warn of any pre-emptive attack on North Korea US military lost track of $1bn worth of weapons: Amnesty US bombing Syria to force people to migrate to Europe Tillerson rejects hosting Ramadan event at US State Dept.: Report US woman held for conspiring to smuggle technology to China Students walk out during Pence's speech at University of Notre Dame Trump praises Sisi, says he hopes to visit Egypt Trump considers major staff shakeup over Russia controversy Turkish violence 'simply unacceptable': Tillerson US attack kills 7 in central Yemen: Pentagon Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia was a war against Shia Muslims: Analyst Former US national security adviser Brzezinski dies at 89 Pope asks Trump to be peacemaker www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/1749 sec
irishmirrorLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Irish News Crime Politics Education World News News OpinionExpand Sport Latest Sport Soccer GAA Golf Rugby Union UFC Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Showbiz Lifestyle Weird News GAA Soccer Rugby My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter Bingo Horoscopes Crosswords BuySell About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2017 MGN Limited Home News Irish News Employment News Employment boost for Carlow and Cork as Pharmacy firm MSD announce 330 jobs Good news jobseekers  Share ByAnita McSorley 08:42, 30 MAY 2017 News (Photo: Cultura RF)  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email There's good news for jobseekers this morning as pharmacy firm MSD have announced 330 new jobs in Carlow and Cork. The roles, which span across technical, engineering, biochemistry, biology, quality and operations, are part of a €280 million investment from the firm. MSD, which is known as Merck in the UK and Canada, employs over 1,600 people across four sites in Ireland - Carlow, Cork, Dublin and Tipperary. Its Cork plant is used for the development, testing and manufacturing of biologics that specialise in the fermentation, purification and sterile filling of biotech products. While Carlow is a state-of-the-arts manufacturing facility and the company's first stand-alone vaccine and biologic facility outside the US. READ MORE: Jobs in Ireland: From cuddling cats to help breaking a record check out these jobs up for grabs More than 200 people will be needed in Cork and a further 120 in Carlow to meet the increased demand for MSD products. Minister for jobs Mary Mitchell O'Connor welcomed the investment across the two counties. Mary Mitchell O'Connor (Photo: Karl Jordan) She said: "MSD has been at the cutting edge of bio pharmaceutical innovation over recent years and their Irish operations are at the heart of many of the company's exciting new products. "It is particularly gratifying that this expansion and additional job creation will take place in two regional locations, thereby strengthening the Government's efforts to ensure balanced industrial development around the country.” Details on the news roles at MSD are available at www.msd.ie/careers. Read More Today's top stories Gilligan tapes: Dealing with The General Zookeeper killed by tiger in UK zoo 'Alcohol not involved' in Woods arrest 50 people ill after Salmonella outbreak Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @irishmirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Employment Carlow Cork Tipperary News all Most Read Most Recent World News18 women on hen do in tears after being kicked off plane for wearing 'offensive' t-shirts One of the women in the Leicester group branded the decision "a complete load of rubbish" World NewsTragic zoo keeper mauled to death by tiger admitted 'big cat viewed her as his next meal' Rosa King was mauled to death on Bank Holiday Monday, but her pal Tracey Eyre said the dedicated animal lover would not want the tiger responsible euthanised World NewsTeen who romped 15 times with BBC radio star contacted her on Facebook years later after 'fantasising' about her, court hears The alleged victim, now 37, also tried to email Julie Wadsworth at Radio Leicester World NewsWoman who put on "happy fat" after finding love got dream body by drinking daily gallon of water Alyssa Lusk, 27, decided to lose weight after she struggled to go shopping without wanting to cry World NewsHomeless Manchester hero still living on streets despite thousands being donated Chris Parker acted incredibly bravely in the aftermath on the Manchester bombing WeatherIrish weather: Glorious day on the way as temperatures soar to 21C but it wont last long Today may well be the last day of the week to really enjoy the sun EducationTop tips for Junior Cert students in Ireland 60,000 Junior cycle students will face their first paper next Wednesday Sonia Blount murderEvil killer Eric Locke was ready to attack other women on his 'list' of female targets Twisted murderer Locke, 35, strangled terrified Sonia Blount with her phone charger cable in a Dublin hotel Britain’s Got TalentIrish schoolgirl misses out on Britain’s Got Talent final despite wowing judges The 14-year-old Ratoath girl belted out the song the semi final of the long running talent show but failed to make it through Michael NoonanMichael Noonan announces sale of 25% of Government’s shares in AIB The sale of the shares was committed to in the Programme for Government and the proceeds will be used to draw down Ireland’s debt Most Read Most Recent World News18 women on hen do in tears after being kicked off plane for wearing 'offensive' t-shirts One of the women in the Leicester group branded the decision "a complete load of rubbish" ShowbizChaser Paul 'Sinnerman' Sinha comes out as gay on The Chase He answered a question about Mario Kart incorrectly World NewsTragic zoo keeper mauled to death by tiger admitted 'big cat viewed her as his next meal' Rosa King was mauled to death on Bank Holiday Monday, but her pal Tracey Eyre said the dedicated animal lover would not want the tiger responsible euthanised World NewsTeen who romped 15 times with BBC radio star contacted her on Facebook years later after 'fantasising' about her, court hears The alleged victim, now 37, also tried to email Julie Wadsworth at Radio Leicester Hurling NewsTipperary hurler Cathal Barrett axed from senior panel by Michael Ryan for breach of discipline The decision is believed to have been made as a result of a breach of discipline on the player’s part since the All-Ireland champions’ surprise to Cork Fair CityFair City fans are all very sceptical as to whether this really is the end of Ciaran Fans are struggling to believe things are all as they seem Arsenal FC5 players who could arrive - and 5 who could go as part of £150m Arsenal summer overhaul Wenger has been promised a £150m-plus transfer kitty to help kick-start a Premier League title challenge French OpenFrench Open 2017 women's draw in full, TV times, schedule and results for Roland Garros There is a wide open field for this year's tournament given the absence of pregnant world No.1 Serena Williams Soccer NewsDrogheda United keeper Stephen McGuinness feared he was paralysed after horrific fall against Derry City The Drogheda United keeper escaped serious injury and could even feature for the Louth side against Bohemians on Friday pending medical clearance Ireland rugby union teamJamie Heaslip targeting a pre-season return but enjoying life as a rugby fan Heaslip jetted off to Boston yesterday to participate in a four-day course in the Business of Entertainment, Media and Sport at Harvard. Top Stories World NewsPrincess Diana crash limo was 'death trap' that had been written off and rebuilt according to shock new claims Bosses at hotel chain the Ritz allegedly ignored warnings about the state of the vehicle in which Diana, Dodi Fayed and Henri Paul died in 1997, according to allegations aired on French TV HealthBeko issues safety alert over tumble dryers after mum-of-two killed in house fire The models potentially affected have the serial numbers DCU9330W, DCU9330R, DCU8230W, TKF8439A and DSC85W KerryCyclist dies after being hit by 4X4 near iconic tourist spot The woman, who is in her 60s, was involved in a collision with a 4X4 at the Gap of Dunloe at around 3pm today World NewsTeen who romped 15 times with BBC radio star contacted her on Facebook years later after 'fantasising' about her, court hears The alleged victim, now 37, also tried to email Julie Wadsworth at Radio Leicester Michael NoonanMichael Noonan announces sale of 25% of Government’s shares in AIB The sale of the shares was committed to in the Programme for Government and the proceeds will be used to draw down Ireland’s debt CancerCancer patients could be spared gruelling chemotherapy after huge breakthrough This could be a huge step in the fight against cancer World NewsHomeless Manchester hero still living on streets despite thousands being donated Chris Parker acted incredibly bravely in the aftermath on the Manchester bombing PSNITragedy as young Irish woman Sarah Lee-Anne Reid dies in Croatia The 20-year-old is reported to have collapsed in front of a Hvar nightclub Conor McGregorConor McGregor poses for pictures and drinks with locals in Dublin Pub 'He's a really, really nice guy, I can see how he markets himself so well, he really is a people's champion' DublinMedical intern who sent photos of seriously-ill patient to doctor-on-call was following instructions, inquest hears She was pointing to her neck before she became unconscious, the court heard ClareTwo giant sharks caught off the Clare coast The sharks together weighed 2600lbs or 185 stone, more than the entire Munster rugby pack WaterfordGovernment confirms state inquiry into claims gardai protected paedophile Bill Kenneally Waterford basketball coach Bill Kenneally was jailed for 14 years for abusing 10 boys World News18 women on hen do in tears after being kicked off plane for wearing 'offensive' t-shirts One of the women in the Leicester group branded the decision "a complete load of rubbish" World NewsTragic zoo keeper mauled to death by tiger admitted 'big cat viewed her as his next meal' Rosa King was mauled to death on Bank Holiday Monday, but her pal Tracey Eyre said the dedicated animal lover would not want the tiger responsible euthanised World NewsTeen who romped 15 times with BBC radio star contacted her on Facebook years later after 'fantasising' about her, court hears The alleged victim, now 37, also tried to email Julie Wadsworth at Radio Leicester World NewsWoman who put on "happy fat" after finding love got dream body by drinking daily gallon of water Alyssa Lusk, 27, decided to lose weight after she struggled to go shopping without wanting to cry World NewsHomeless Manchester hero still living on streets despite thousands being donated Chris Parker acted incredibly bravely in the aftermath on the Manchester bombing ClareTwo giant sharks caught off the Clare coast The sharks together weighed 2600lbs or 185 stone, more than the entire Munster rugby pack World NewsYoung girl 'forced to marry her rapist' after she became pregnant by him at just 10-years-old The girl claims that the ceremony was arranged by her family and church officials to avoid a 'messy criminal case' World NewsSchoolboy, 12, hanged himself in bedroom after he forgot to take his books to school and was worried he'd be late Tyrese Glasgow was upset after his parents broke up a few years before and was concerned his behaviour at school would be "graded red" because he was running late KerryCyclist dies after being hit by 4X4 near iconic tourist spot The woman, who is in her 60s, was involved in a collision with a 4X4 at the Gap of Dunloe at around 3pm today Sonia Blount murderEvil killer Eric Locke was ready to attack other women on his 'list' of female targets Twisted murderer Locke, 35, strangled terrified Sonia Blount with her phone charger cable in a Dublin hotel Met EireannIrish weather: Ireland will be hotter than BARCELONA next week - and the news gets even better This weekend is going to be a scorcher and the great weather doesn't end there TipperaryParents of tragic Tipperary tot Chloe Fogarty vow to 'stay strong together' after heartbreak Little Chloe Fogarty was accidentally left inside a car for hours on the hottest day of the year last week PSNITragedy as young Co Down woman Sarah Lee-Anne Reid dies in Croatia The 20-year-old is reported to have collapsed in front of a Hvar nightclub CancerCancer patients could be spared gruelling chemotherapy after huge breakthrough This could be a huge step in the fight against cancer WeatherIrish weather: Glorious day on the way as temperatures soar to 21C but it won't last long Today may well be the last day of the week to really enjoy the sun John GilliganJohn Gilligan tells how Martin Cahill wanted him to buy assault rifles after Bosnia war The General had heard they could be bought cheaply after the civil war that tore the former Yugoslavia apart NewsHigh Wycombe train station evacuated as police ask people to 'move away as far as possible' Thames Valley Police have said they were called to reports a man was acting suspiciously at the back of a train, that two men were stopped and checked but have been released Britain’s Got TalentIrish schoolgirl misses out on Britain’s Got Talent final despite wowing judges The 14-year-old Ratoath girl belted out the song the semi final of the long running talent show but failed to make it through Sex driveNew survey reveals what the perfect woman would like The dream girl has been created by survey from affairs website VictoriaMilan World NewsPrincess Diana crash limo was 'death trap' that had been written off and rebuilt according to shock new claims Bosses at hotel chain the Ritz allegedly ignored warnings about the state of the vehicle in which Diana, Dodi Fayed and Henri Paul died in 1997, according to allegations aired on French TV News Sport Lifestyle Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Advertisements Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Wednesday 31 May, 2017 Breaking News > Latest Stories, Sports Chinese pingpong great suspended, ordered home fr... Trending Topics: UP ELECTION - Donald Trump - India v/s Bangladesh Cricket - South Asia - Elections Chinese pingpong great suspended, ordered home from worlds Manchester Victoria rail station reopens after suicide blast Police: Man yelled racial slurs before machete attack In Bangladesh 300,000 people evacuated as cyclone makes landfall Sri Lanka runs to rescue flood victims as death toll increases Business World Africa Asia Europe Middle East North America Pacific South America South Asia India Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- Paper Published On: Tue, May 30th, 2017 Africa / Health / Latest Stories | By New Delhi Times Bureau Congo Approves Use of Ebola Vaccination to Fight Outbreak Share This Tags Democratic Republic of Congo’s Health Ministry has approved the use of a new Ebola vaccine to counter an outbreak of the hemorrhagic fever in its northeast that has killed four people, a spokesman said on Monday. “The non-objection was given. Now there’s a Medecins Sans Frontieres team that is arriving [in Congo] today to validate the protocol with the technical teams,” Jonathan Simba, a Health Ministry spokesman, said by telephone. The vaccine, known as rVSV-ZEBOV and developed by Merck, is not yet licensed but was shown to be highly protective against Ebola in clinical trials published last December. As of Friday, Congo had registered 52 total suspected cases, including two that have been confirmed, the World Health Organization spokesman in Congo, Eugene Kabambi, said by telephone, adding that the situation appears to be under control. Simba said that the details of the vaccination campaign would be announced after a meeting of the health ministry and its partners set to take place on Monday or Tuesday. A vaccination campaign would present logistical challenges in Congo’s isolated northeastern forests, including transporting and storing the vaccine in special containers at the required minus 80 degrees Celsius. Credit : Voice of America (VOA) Advertisements Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News Chinese pingpong great suspended, ordered home from worlds Manchester Victoria rail station reopens after suicide blast Police: Man yelled racial slurs before machete attack In Bangladesh 300,000 people evacuated as cyclone makes landfall Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 [email protected] Article Submission Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Us Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2017, [email protected] Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Multiple Myeloma Drugs Market Professional Survey 2017 analysis by type and application Summary This report helps to analyze competitive developments In the Global Multiple Myeloma Drugs Market Professional Survey 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Description This report studies Multiple Myeloma Drugs in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Amgen Johnson & Johnson Celgene Takeda Pharmaceutical Novartis Daiichi Sankyo Merck AB Science Teva PharmaMar Bristol Myers Squibb By types, the market can be split into Immunomodulatory Drugs (IMiDs) Proteasome Inhibitors Chemotherapy Histone Deacetylase Inhibitor (HDAC Inhibitor) Steroids (Corticosteroids) Others By Application, the market can be split into Targeted Therapy Biologic Therapy Chemotherapy Others By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will off In our aim to bring the best and complete information to our clients, we at Orbis Research present the 2017 Global Multiple Myeloma Drugs market professional survey. The well curated survey by the leading research experts and domain knowledge professionals provides clients with the true picture of the Global Multiple Myeloma Drugs Market. The survey is expected to push the understanding of the market and its trends for the clients and help drive the market. The survey report consists of all key parameters such as the industry overview, which includes the definition, specifications, classification, applications, industry chain structure, global and regional analysis of the market, and the policy and news analysis. Get a PDF Sample of Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/299231  . Owing to the thorough nature of the survey report, it contains an in-depth analysis of the market for the global Multiple Myeloma Drugsmarket as well as for individual regions. The report also covers the latest trends, developments, upcoming R&D in the market, and also critical components such as technology, competition, supplies, capacity, production, and price and profit. Cost structure analysis and manufacturing plans analysis for all parameters is covered in detail in the Global  Multiple Myeloma Drugs Market survey report. The competition analysis and regional market analysis are the mainstay of the Global Multiple Myeloma Drugs Industry survey report. Each region is immaculately analyzed in the survey report without any knowledge gaps to ensure the clients are greatly benefitted by the Global Multiple Myeloma Drugs Industry survey report. Furthermore, the competition analysis covers all the key players in the market along with their detailed information, applications, and contact information. Place a Purchase Order for this Report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/299231 . The extensive Global Multiple Myeloma Drugs Industry survey report covers other key information such as the values and facts of the market such as revenue, volume, market share for each region, and revenue and market share of key players in the market. The survey also covers Multiple Myeloma Drugs  Industry market analysis by type and application, and concluding with a SWOT analysis and investment feasibility analysis of the market. As with every report put up on Orbis Research, the Multiple Myeloma Drugs Market survey report aims to meet the client requirements in terms of complete information and analysis of the market. The report is compiled and presented in an immaculate fashion by the industry experts and domain experts along with seasoned research professionals and notable industry personalities for their expert comments which are also included in the report. The Key Players Mentioned in Global Multiple Myeloma Drugs Market Report are: Amgen Johnson & Johnson Celgene Takeda Pharmaceutical Novartis Daiichi Sankyo Merck AB Science Teva About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsHealthcare Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hexanoyl chloride Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Next PostNext Luxurious Traveler Mom Shares Fascinating Stories in a Must-see Blog Search Recent Posts PODS Shares How Company Continues to Reimagine the Moving and Storage Industry at Gartner EA & TI Summit M2M Connected Healthcare Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2020 Internet Of Things (IoT) In Healthcare Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2024 DNA Sequencing In Drug Discovery Market Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2023 Player’s Network Subsidiary Awarded Medical Marijuana Licenses Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Study Reveals Global Nano Pharmaceutical Market Research Report 2017: Top Manufacturers like Sanofi, Merck, Pfizer, Celgene, Magforce, Nanobiotix etc. ResearchMoz added Latest Research Report titled ” Global Nano Pharmaceutical Market Research Report 2017 ” to it’s Large Report database. Notes: Production, means the output of Nano Pharmaceutical Revenue, means the sales value of Nano Pharmaceutical This report studies Nano Pharmaceutical in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Sanofi Merck Pfizer Cerulean Pharma Selecta Biosciences Nanobiotix Magforce Celgene Celsion Corporation Request for Sample PDF of Premium Research Report with TOC: www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=911550 Novsrtisnamiyaow GSK Eli Lilly Astrazeneca Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Nano Pharmaceutical in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Read All Pharmaceutical Market Research Reports @ www.researchmoz.us/pharmaceutical-market-reports-38.html Table of Contents Global Nano Pharmaceutical Market Research Report 2017 1 Nano Pharmaceutical Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Nano Pharmaceutical 1.2 Nano Pharmaceutical Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Nano Pharmaceutical by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Natural Material Carrier 1.2.3 High Polymer Material Carrier 1.3 Nano Pharmaceutical Segment by Application 1.3.1 Nano Pharmaceutical Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Medical 1.3.3 Scientific Research 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Nano Pharmaceutical Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2011-2021) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Nano Pharmaceutical (2011-2021) About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the world’s fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. ResearchMoz’s service portfolio also includes value-added services such as market research customization, competitive landscaping, and in-depth surveys, delivered by a team of experienced Research Coordinators. Contact Us: Mr. Nachiket Ghumare 90 State Street, Albany NY, United States – 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 / Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Email: sales@researchmoz.us Follow us on LinkedIn at: bit.ly/1TBmnVG Follow me on Blogger at: healthcare-research-report.blogspot.in/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Demand for Global Wellness Supplements Market Research Report 2017: Key Manufacturers are Nbty, Amway, Abbott, Nestle, Glanbia, Herbalife, Otsuka Holdings etc. Next PostNext Market Insight: Global Remote Patient Monitoring Market Research Report 2017: Top Players including Medtronic, Dragerwerk, Biotronik, Nihon Kohden etc. Search Recent Posts Industry Outlook: Global Geothermal Power Generation Market Professional Survey Report 2017: Key Manufacturers are RAYA GROUP, CYRQ Energy, US Geothermal etc. Automotive Carpet & Floor Materials Market to Perceive Substantial Growth During 2017-2025 Advanced technologies : Molecular Diagnostics Equipment Market in APAC 2017 Worldwide Demand : Iron Ore Market in United States Industry – Overview, Size, Share, Trends, Analysis and Research 2017 Innovative Technology : Crop Nutrients & Ingredient Market – Advanced technologies, North America (US, Canada and Mexico) Forecast and Winning Imperatives 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During 2016 to 2021 – ReportsnReports 31 maggio 2017 Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During 2016 to 2021 – ReportsnReports PR Newswire PUNE, India, May 31, 2017 Drug delivery technology market grows from $1,179.20 billion to $1,669.40 billion at a CAGR of 7.2% from 2016-2021. Oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share while hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market and Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region. Browse 170 tables and 37 figures, 11 Company profiles spread across 252 pages available at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/237071-drug-delivery-technologies-market-metered-dose-inhalers-needle-free-injectors-auto-injectors-nasal-sprays-transdermal-patches-nebulizers-infusion-pumps-drug-eluting-stents-sustained-release-ocular-implants-global-forecasts-to-2017.html. The drug delivery technology market is projected to reach USD 1,669.40 billion by 2021 from USD 1,179.20 billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period.Increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, increasing demand for biologics, technological advancements, and new product launches are the factors driving the growth of this market. Whereas, self-administration & home care and rising demand for biosimilar and generic drugs offer significant growth opportunities for players operating in this market. On the other hand, risk of needle-stick injuries and side effects of drugs may restraint the growth of the market. The drug delivery technology market is segmented based on route of administration, facility of use, and region. On the basis of route of administration, the market is segmented into oral, injectable, topical, nasal, ocular, pulmonary, implantable, and trans mucosal. In 2016, the oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be attributed to the wide range of benefits associated with oral drugs. The oral route of administration is one of the simplest, most convenient, and safest routes. On the basis of facility of use, the market is segmented into the hospitals, ambulatory surgical centers/clinics, home care settings, diagnostic centers, and other facilities of use. In 2016, the hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be primarily attributed to advantages such as the significant number of inpatient and outpatient visits in hospitals as compared to other end users and the requirement of large volumes of drugs and their respective delivery devices to cater to the demand of this patient pool. Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region in the drug delivery technology market from 2016 to 2021.Opportunities in the Asian market have attracted huge investments by major companies in the area of R&D activities. In addition, the region has low costs of labor and clinical trials, which has further served to draw market players to Asia. Prominent players in the drug delivery technology market include Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (U.S.), F. Hoffman-La Roche (Switzerland), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), 3M Company (U.S.), Becton, Dickinson and Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc, (U.K.), Sanofi (France), and Antares Pharma, Inc. (U.S.). Order a copy of Drug Delivery Technology Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Liquid), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active), Transmucosal (Oral)), Patient Care Setting (Hospital, ASC) – Global Forecast to 2021 Research Report at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=237071. Related Reports:  North American Drug Delivery Technologies Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Device), Nasal (Drop), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active)), End User (Hospital, Home Care) – Global Forecast to 2021. Syringes Market by Usability (Sterilizable/reusable (hypodermic, oral) & Disposable Syringes (conventional, safety, prefilled)), Material (Glass & Plastic Syringes), Type (General & Specialized Syringes (insulin, tuberculin) – Global Forecast to 2021. Needle Free Injection Systems Market by Product (Fillable, Prefilled), by Technology (Jet, Spring, Laser, Vibration), Usability (Reusable, Disposable), Type of Medication (Liquid, Depot), Delivery Site (Intramuscular, Subcutaneous) – Forecasts to 2021. Explore more reports Medical Devices Market at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/medical-devices/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building Next to Inox Theatre Bund Garden Road, Pune – 411001. Maharashtra, India. +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds: http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Drug Delivery Technology Market Worth 1,669.40 Billion USD by 2021 Drug Delivery Technology Market Growth at CAGR of 7.2% by 2021: Increasing Demand for Self Administration & Home Care – Research and Markets Injectable Drug Delivery Market Worth 624.50 Billion USD by 2021 North American Drug Delivery Technologies Market is Projected to Reach USD 758.75 Billion by 2021 Nel mensile di maggio Farmaci omeopatici: chi ha paura dell’Aic? Italiani ancora poco farmacovigila(n)ti Farmaci veterinari verso l’addio alla carta: arriva la tracciabilità digitale Dati in sanità, la sicurezza si trova su una “nuvola” Industria 4.0, il medtech non coglie l’opportunità: “bisogna sbrigarsi” Cala la reputazione di Big Pharma, ma si può migliorare In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Atonomics Announces CE Marking of Trace Lipids Test Panel Strekin AG Secures CHF 10 Million Financing for Further... Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During... Foto 2nd Forum on Digital Disruption in Life Sciences Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… Video XXI Congresso nazionale Associazione Medici Diabetologi (Amd)... EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 Most Popular Chirurgia, l’innovazione non decolla: solo 4 interventi su 10 in laparoscopia. Maglia nera al Sud Sostenibilità, quattro sfide per una sanità “a misura di futuro” Aogoi, al via un master per la comunicazione su “sesso sicuro” e infezioni a trasmissione sessuale HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 3 163 -0,7%  Dow 21 029 -0,2%  Nasdaq 5 795 0,1%  Euro 1,1187 0,0%  ATX P 1 590 -0,8%  EStoxx50 3 561 -0,5%  Nikkei 19 651 -0,1%  CHF 1,0910 0,0%  DAX 12 599 -0,2%  FTSE100 7 527 -0,3%  Öl 51,4 -0,8%  Gold 1 262 -0,6%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 31.05.2017 03:30:00 A A Teilen Drucken Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During 2016 to 2021 - ReportsnReports Tweet PUNE, India, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Drug delivery technology market grows from $1,179.20 billion to $1,669.40 billion at a CAGR of 7.2% from 2016-2021. Oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share while hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market and Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region. Browse 170 tables and 37 figures, 11 Company profiles spread across 252 pages available at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/237071-drug-delivery-technologies-market-metered-dose-inhalers-needle-free-injectors-auto-injectors-nasal-sprays-transdermal-patches-nebulizers-infusion-pumps-drug-eluting-stents-sustained-release-ocular-implants-global-forecasts-to-2017.html. The drug delivery technology market is projected to reach USD 1,669.40 billion by 2021 from USD 1,179.20 billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period.Increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, increasing demand for biologics, technological advancements, and new product launches are the factors driving the growth of this market. Whereas, self-administration & home care and rising demand for biosimilar and generic drugs offer significant growth opportunities for players operating in this market. On the other hand, risk of needle-stick injuries and side effects of drugs may restraint the growth of the market. The drug delivery technology market is segmented based on route of administration, facility of use, and region. On the basis of route of administration, the market is segmented into oral, injectable, topical, nasal, ocular, pulmonary, implantable, and trans mucosal. In 2016, the oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be attributed to the wide range of benefits associated with oral drugs. The oral route of administration is one of the simplest, most convenient, and safest routes. On the basis of facility of use, the market is segmented into the hospitals, ambulatory surgical centers/clinics, home care settings, diagnostic centers, and other facilities of use. In 2016, the hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be primarily attributed to advantages such as the significant number of inpatient and outpatient visits in hospitals as compared to other end users and the requirement of large volumes of drugs and their respective delivery devices to cater to the demand of this patient pool. Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region in the drug delivery technology market from 2016 to 2021.Opportunities in the Asian market have attracted huge investments by major companies in the area of R&D activities. In addition, the region has low costs of labor and clinical trials, which has further served to draw market players to Asia. Prominent players in the drug delivery technology market include Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (U.S.), F. Hoffman-La Roche (Switzerland), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), 3M Company (U.S.), Becton, Dickinson and Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc, (U.K.), Sanofi (France), and Antares Pharma, Inc. (U.S.). Order a copy of Drug Delivery Technology Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Liquid), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active), Transmucosal (Oral)), Patient Care Setting (Hospital, ASC) - Global Forecast to 2021 Research Report at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=237071. Related Reports:  North American Drug Delivery Technologies Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Device), Nasal (Drop), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active)), End User (Hospital, Home Care) - Global Forecast to 2021. Syringes Market by Usability (Sterilizable/reusable (hypodermic, oral) & Disposable Syringes (conventional, safety, prefilled)), Material (Glass & Plastic Syringes), Type (General & Specialized Syringes (insulin, tuberculin) - Global Forecast to 2021. Needle Free Injection Systems Market by Product (Fillable, Prefilled), by Technology (Jet, Spring, Laser, Vibration), Usability (Reusable, Disposable), Type of Medication (Liquid, Depot), Delivery Site (Intramuscular, Subcutaneous) - Forecasts to 2021. Explore more reports Medical Devices Market at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/medical-devices/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building Next to Inox Theatre Bund Garden Road, Pune - 411001. Maharashtra, India. +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:  LinkedIn:http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds:http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Mit Bomben und Granaten "Konjunkturell sind wir vorderhand aus dem Schneider" Immofinanz: Trendwechsel ante portas Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Börsentag auf einen Blick: Ruhiger Handel geht wohl weiter Am Mittwoch präsentiert sich der Aktienmarkt zunächst vorbörslich mit leichtem Minus. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung 5/30 Akari Therapeutics CEO quits over retracted drug comparison Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During 2016 to 2021 - ReportsnReports By Published: May 30, 2017 9:30 p.m. ET Share PUNE, India, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- PUNE, India, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Drug delivery technology market grows from $1,179.20 billion to $1,669.40 billion at a CAGR of 7.2% from 2016-2021. Oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share while hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market and Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region. Browse 170 tables and 37 figures, 11 Company profiles spread across 252 pages available at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/237071-drug-delivery-technologies-market-metered-dose-inhalers-needle-free-injectors-auto-injectors-nasal-sprays-transdermal-patches-nebulizers-infusion-pumps-drug-eluting-stents-sustained-release-ocular-implants-global-forecasts-to-2017.html. The drug delivery technology market is projected to reach USD 1,669.40 billion by 2021 from USD 1,179.20 billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period.Increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, increasing demand for biologics, technological advancements, and new product launches are the factors driving the growth of this market. Whereas, self-administration & home care and rising demand for biosimilar and generic drugs offer significant growth opportunities for players operating in this market. On the other hand, risk of needle-stick injuries and side effects of drugs may restraint the growth of the market. The drug delivery technology market is segmented based on route of administration, facility of use, and region. On the basis of route of administration, the market is segmented into oral, injectable, topical, nasal, ocular, pulmonary, implantable, and trans mucosal. In 2016, the oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be attributed to the wide range of benefits associated with oral drugs. The oral route of administration is one of the simplest, most convenient, and safest routes. On the basis of facility of use, the market is segmented into the hospitals, ambulatory surgical centers/clinics, home care settings, diagnostic centers, and other facilities of use. In 2016, the hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be primarily attributed to advantages such as the significant number of inpatient and outpatient visits in hospitals as compared to other end users and the requirement of large volumes of drugs and their respective delivery devices to cater to the demand of this patient pool. Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region in the drug delivery technology market from 2016 to 2021.Opportunities in the Asian market have attracted huge investments by major companies in the area of R&D activities. In addition, the region has low costs of labor and clinical trials, which has further served to draw market players to Asia. Prominent players in the drug delivery technology market include Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (U.S.), F. Hoffman-La Roche (Switzerland), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), 3M Company (U.S.), Becton, Dickinson and Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc, (U.K.), Sanofi (France), and Antares Pharma, Inc. (U.S.). Order a copy of Drug Delivery Technology Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Liquid), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active), Transmucosal (Oral)), Patient Care Setting (Hospital, ASC) - Global Forecast to 2021 Research Report at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=237071. Related Reports:  North American Drug Delivery Technologies Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Device), Nasal (Drop), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active)), End User (Hospital, Home Care) - Global Forecast to 2021. Syringes Market by Usability (Sterilizable/reusable (hypodermic, oral) & Disposable Syringes (conventional, safety, prefilled)), Material (Glass & Plastic Syringes), Type (General & Specialized Syringes (insulin, tuberculin) - Global Forecast to 2021. Needle Free Injection Systems Market by Product (Fillable, Prefilled), by Technology (Jet, Spring, Laser, Vibration), Usability (Reusable, Disposable), Type of Medication (Liquid, Depot), Delivery Site (Intramuscular, Subcutaneous) - Forecasts to 2021. Explore more reports Medical Devices Market at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/medical-devices/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact:Ritesh Tiwari 2 [nd] Floor, Metropole Building Next to Inox Theatre Bund Garden Road, Pune - 411001. Maharashtra, India. +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:  LinkedIn:http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreportsRSS/Feeds:http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump provokes Merkel to reveal her true intention of dominating Europe Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break loose’ in the stock market It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During 2016 to 2021 – ReportsnReports PUNE, India, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Drug delivery technology market grows from $1,179.20 billion to $1,669.40 billion at a CAGR of 7.2% from 2016-2021. Oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share while hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market and Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region. Browse 170 tables and 37 figures, 11 Company profiles spread across 252 pages available at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/237071-drug-delivery-technologies-market-metered-dose-inhalers-needle-free-injectors-auto-injectors-nasal-sprays-transdermal-patches-nebulizers-infusion-pumps-drug-eluting-stents-sustained-release-ocular-implants-global-forecasts-to-2017.html. The drug delivery technology market is projected to reach USD 1,669.40 billion by 2021 from USD 1,179.20 billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period.Increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, increasing demand for biologics, technological advancements, and new product launches are the factors driving the growth of this market. Whereas, self-administration & home care and rising demand for biosimilar and generic drugs offer significant growth opportunities for players operating in this market. On the other hand, risk of needle-stick injuries and side effects of drugs may restraint the growth of the market. The drug delivery technology market is segmented based on route of administration, facility of use, and region. On the basis of route of administration, the market is segmented into oral, injectable, topical, nasal, ocular, pulmonary, implantable, and trans mucosal. In 2016, the oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be attributed to the wide range of benefits associated with oral drugs. The oral route of administration is one of the simplest, most convenient, and safest routes. On the basis of facility of use, the market is segmented into the hospitals, ambulatory surgical centers/clinics, home care settings, diagnostic centers, and other facilities of use. In 2016, the hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be primarily attributed to advantages such as the significant number of inpatient and outpatient visits in hospitals as compared to other end users and the requirement of large volumes of drugs and their respective delivery devices to cater to the demand of this patient pool. Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region in the drug delivery technology market from 2016 to 2021.Opportunities in the Asian market have attracted huge investments by major companies in the area of R&D activities. In addition, the region has low costs of labor and clinical trials, which has further served to draw market players to Asia. Prominent players in the drug delivery technology market include Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (U.S.), F. Hoffman-La Roche (Switzerland), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), 3M Company (U.S.), Becton, Dickinson and Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc, (U.K.), Sanofi (France), and Antares Pharma, Inc. (U.S.). Order a copy of Drug Delivery Technology Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Liquid), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active), Transmucosal (Oral)), Patient Care Setting (Hospital, ASC) – Global Forecast to 2021 Research Report at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=237071. Related Reports:  North American Drug Delivery Technologies Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Device), Nasal (Drop), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active)), End User (Hospital, Home Care) – Global Forecast to 2021. Syringes Market by Usability (Sterilizable/reusable (hypodermic, oral) & Disposable Syringes (conventional, safety, prefilled)), Material (Glass & Plastic Syringes), Type (General & Specialized Syringes (insulin, tuberculin) – Global Forecast to 2021. Needle Free Injection Systems Market by Product (Fillable, Prefilled), by Technology (Jet, Spring, Laser, Vibration), Usability (Reusable, Disposable), Type of Medication (Liquid, Depot), Delivery Site (Intramuscular, Subcutaneous) – Forecasts to 2021. Explore more reports Medical Devices Market at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/medical-devices/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building Next to Inox Theatre Bund Garden Road, Pune – 411001. Maharashtra, India. +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds: http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Minutes of the Board’s discount rate meetings from March 27 through May 3, 2017 Next PostNext A Passion for Her Students’ Success: National Teacher of the Year Sydney Chaffee Search Recent Posts Navarre FL Commercial Real Estate Agency Announces Expansion Of Services Monster Energy’s Sam Hill Takes Second Place at the Enduro World Series Round 4 in Wicklow, Ireland Downloadable Future Tickets at Riverbend Music Center in Cincinnati, OH On Sale at TicketDown.com Peter Han et Rodney Clark, vice-présidents de Microsoft, compteront parmi les principaux conférenciers du salon CES Asia™ 2017 et présenteront la vision « Building the Possible » Silver Fern Farms Confirms Fairton Closure Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During 2016 to 2021 - ReportsnReports News provided by ReportsnReports 30 May, 2017, 21:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Drug delivery technology market grows from $1,179.20 billion to $1,669.40 billion at a CAGR of 7.2% from 2016-2021. Oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share while hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market and Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region. Browse 170 tables and 37 figures, 11 Company profiles spread across 252 pages available at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/237071-drug-delivery-technologies-market-metered-dose-inhalers-needle-free-injectors-auto-injectors-nasal-sprays-transdermal-patches-nebulizers-infusion-pumps-drug-eluting-stents-sustained-release-ocular-implants-global-forecasts-to-2017.html. The drug delivery technology market is projected to reach USD 1,669.40 billion by 2021 from USD 1,179.20 billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period.Increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, increasing demand for biologics, technological advancements, and new product launches are the factors driving the growth of this market. Whereas, self-administration & home care and rising demand for biosimilar and generic drugs offer significant growth opportunities for players operating in this market. On the other hand, risk of needle-stick injuries and side effects of drugs may restraint the growth of the market. The drug delivery technology market is segmented based on route of administration, facility of use, and region. On the basis of route of administration, the market is segmented into oral, injectable, topical, nasal, ocular, pulmonary, implantable, and trans mucosal. In 2016, the oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be attributed to the wide range of benefits associated with oral drugs. The oral route of administration is one of the simplest, most convenient, and safest routes. On the basis of facility of use, the market is segmented into the hospitals, ambulatory surgical centers/clinics, home care settings, diagnostic centers, and other facilities of use. In 2016, the hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be primarily attributed to advantages such as the significant number of inpatient and outpatient visits in hospitals as compared to other end users and the requirement of large volumes of drugs and their respective delivery devices to cater to the demand of this patient pool. Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region in the drug delivery technology market from 2016 to 2021.Opportunities in the Asian market have attracted huge investments by major companies in the area of R&D activities. In addition, the region has low costs of labor and clinical trials, which has further served to draw market players to Asia. Prominent players in the drug delivery technology market include Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (U.S.), F. Hoffman-La Roche (Switzerland), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), 3M Company (U.S.), Becton, Dickinson and Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc, (U.K.), Sanofi (France), and Antares Pharma, Inc. (U.S.). Order a copy of Drug Delivery Technology Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Liquid), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active), Transmucosal (Oral)), Patient Care Setting (Hospital, ASC) - Global Forecast to 2021 Research Report at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=237071. Related Reports:  North American Drug Delivery Technologies Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Device), Nasal (Drop), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active)), End User (Hospital, Home Care) - Global Forecast to 2021. Syringes Market by Usability (Sterilizable/reusable (hypodermic, oral) & Disposable Syringes (conventional, safety, prefilled)), Material (Glass & Plastic Syringes), Type (General & Specialized Syringes (insulin, tuberculin) - Global Forecast to 2021. Needle Free Injection Systems Market by Product (Fillable, Prefilled), by Technology (Jet, Spring, Laser, Vibration), Usability (Reusable, Disposable), Type of Medication (Liquid, Depot), Delivery Site (Intramuscular, Subcutaneous) - Forecasts to 2021. Explore more reports Medical Devices Market at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/medical-devices/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building Next to Inox Theatre Bund Garden Road, Pune - 411001. Maharashtra, India. +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds: http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports 30 May, 2017, 13:00 ET Preview: Healthcare Logistics Market Growing at a CAGR of 3.58% During 2017 to 2021, Says a New Report at ReportsnReports.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 30 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Healthcare Logistics Market Growing at a CAGR of 3.58% During... 30 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Protein Assays Market Growing at a CAGR of 11.1% During 2017 to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During 2016 to 2021 - ReportsnReports News provided by ReportsnReports 30 May, 2017, 21:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During 2016 to 2021 - ReportsnReports News provided by ReportsnReports 02:30 BST Share this article PUNE, India, May 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Drug delivery technology market grows from $1,179.20 billion to $1,669.40 billion at a CAGR of 7.2% from 2016-2021. Oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share while hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market and Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region. Browse 170 tables and 37 figures, 11 Company profiles spread across 252 pages available at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/237071-drug-delivery-technologies-market-metered-dose-inhalers-needle-free-injectors-auto-injectors-nasal-sprays-transdermal-patches-nebulizers-infusion-pumps-drug-eluting-stents-sustained-release-ocular-implants-global-forecasts-to-2017.html. The drug delivery technology market is projected to reach USD 1,669.40 billion by 2021 from USD 1,179.20 billion in 2016, at a CAGR of 7.2% during the forecast period.Increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, increasing demand for biologics, technological advancements, and new product launches are the factors driving the growth of this market. Whereas, self-administration & home care and rising demand for biosimilar and generic drugs offer significant growth opportunities for players operating in this market. On the other hand, risk of needle-stick injuries and side effects of drugs may restraint the growth of the market. The drug delivery technology market is segmented based on route of administration, facility of use, and region. On the basis of route of administration, the market is segmented into oral, injectable, topical, nasal, ocular, pulmonary, implantable, and trans mucosal. In 2016, the oral drug delivery segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be attributed to the wide range of benefits associated with oral drugs. The oral route of administration is one of the simplest, most convenient, and safest routes. On the basis of facility of use, the market is segmented into the hospitals, ambulatory surgical centers/clinics, home care settings, diagnostic centers, and other facilities of use. In 2016, the hospitals segment is expected to account for the largest share of the market. This can be primarily attributed to advantages such as the significant number of inpatient and outpatient visits in hospitals as compared to other end users and the requirement of large volumes of drugs and their respective delivery devices to cater to the demand of this patient pool. Asia is expected to be fastest-growing region in the drug delivery technology market from 2016 to 2021.Opportunities in the Asian market have attracted huge investments by major companies in the area of R&D activities. In addition, the region has low costs of labor and clinical trials, which has further served to draw market players to Asia. Prominent players in the drug delivery technology market include Johnson & Johnson, Inc. (U.S.), F. Hoffman-La Roche (Switzerland), Merck & Co., Inc. (U.S.), Bayer AG (Germany), Pfizer, Inc. (U.S.), Novartis AG (Switzerland), 3M Company (U.S.), Becton, Dickinson and Company (U.S.), GlaxoSmithKline plc, (U.K.), Sanofi (France), and Antares Pharma, Inc. (U.S.). Order a copy of Drug Delivery Technology Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Liquid), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active), Transmucosal (Oral)), Patient Care Setting (Hospital, ASC) - Global Forecast to 2021 Research Report at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=237071. Related Reports:  North American Drug Delivery Technologies Market by Route of Administration (Oral (Solid), Pulmonary (Nebulizer), Injectable (Device), Ocular (Device), Nasal (Drop), Topical (Solid), Implantable (Active)), End User (Hospital, Home Care) - Global Forecast to 2021. Syringes Market by Usability (Sterilizable/reusable (hypodermic, oral) & Disposable Syringes (conventional, safety, prefilled)), Material (Glass & Plastic Syringes), Type (General & Specialized Syringes (insulin, tuberculin) - Global Forecast to 2021. Needle Free Injection Systems Market by Product (Fillable, Prefilled), by Technology (Jet, Spring, Laser, Vibration), Usability (Reusable, Disposable), Type of Medication (Liquid, Depot), Delivery Site (Intramuscular, Subcutaneous) - Forecasts to 2021. Explore more reports Medical Devices Market at: http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/medical-devices/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building Next to Inox Theatre Bund Garden Road, Pune - 411001. Maharashtra, India. +1-888-391-5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us:  LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds: http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports 30 May, 2017, 18:00 BST Preview: Healthcare Logistics Market Growing at a CAGR of 3.58% During 2017 to 2021, Says a New Report at ReportsnReports.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Drug Delivery Technology Market Growing at a CAGR of 7.2% During 2016 to 2021 - ReportsnReports News provided by ReportsnReports 02:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Sleeping Aids Market Trends & Industry Forecast by 2023 Sleeping aids are medicines and medical devices that are solutions to an individual’s sleeping disorder. Seeping aids ensure the treatment and diagnosis for sleep disturbances and disorders. The symptoms of sleep disorders include daytime sleepiness, irregular breathing and abnormal sleeping behaviors and increasing movements during sleep. Sleep disorders has an adverse effect to human health. It can cause neural problems that may lead to accidents, lower the productivity of work done by the individual and can cause stress and depression. Moreover, sleep disorder can lead to major chronic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, obesity and diabetes. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Sleeping Aid Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market. www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In today’s market, alternative and traditional sleeping aids are of great demand. Medical advice through prescriptions and over the counter medication has increased considerably. Therefore, the availability and accessibility of sleeping aids has grown over the past decade. In addition to sleeping pills, accessories such herbal supplements, sound machines and aromatherapy candles are also considered as major sleeping aids. Pillows and mattresses form the largest sleeping aid market but their growth rate is not as significant compared to sleep laboratories. Sleep laboratories carry out sleep testing of individuals suffering from sleep disorders. In such laboratories, sleep disturbances, movements during sleep and sleeping behaviors are ascertained through one or more sessions or therapy. Sleeping aids market is witnessing significant growth and is expected to grow further in the coming years. With the rising aging population, stressful working conditions, inconsistent sleeping hours and change in lifestyle are all major reasons disturbing the sleeping habits in humans and thereby, driving the demands for sleeping aids. On the other hand, the major restraints inhibiting the growth of sleeping aids market globally are the side effects related to the use of sleeping pills and devices. Patent expiration of a number of sleeping drugs is the other reason that can result in the reduction in use of sleeping aids. The global sleep aids market is classified on the basis of four segments such as product, sleep disorder, medication and geography. The product segment has been segregated into sleep laboratories, mattresses and pillows, sleep apnea devices and medications. North America dominates the global sleeping aids market, where U.S. is the largest market in terms of revenue. Stressful modern lifestyle and work life coupled with increasing demand for sleeping pills and rising awareness by numerous health organizations are all driving the growth of the North American sleeping aids market. North America sleep aids market is followed by Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East and Africa (MEA). Asia Pacific is the largest prospective region for the sleeping aids market. The growing demands for sleeping pills and medical devices from an enormous population of India and China is set to bolster the growth of sleeping aids market in the Asia Pacific region. Some of the key players in the sleeping aids market are Merck & Co., Sanofi, Pfizer, Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Philips), Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Care Fusion Corporation, SleepMed, Inc, Cadwell, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Natus Medical Incorporated, Compumedics Limited. and DeVilbiss Healthcare LLC. Browse Global Strategic Business Report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sleeping-aid-market.html This research report analyzes this market on the basis of its market segments, major geographies, and current market trends. Geographies analyzed under this research report include North America Asia Pacific Europe Middle East and Africa Latin America This report provides comprehensive analysis of Market growth drivers Factors limiting market growth Current market trends Market structure Market projections for upcoming years This report is a complete study of current trends in the market, industry growth drivers, and restraints. It provides market projections for the coming years. It includes analysis of recent developments in technology, Porter’s five force model analysis and detailed profiles of top industry players. The report also includes a review of micro and macro factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants along with detailed value chain analysis. Reasons for Buying this Report This report provides pin-point analysis for changing competitive dynamics It provides a forward looking perspective on different factors driving or restraining market growth It provides a six-year forecast assessed on the basis of how the market is predicted to grow It helps in understanding the key product segments and their future It provides pin point analysis of changing competition dynamics and keeps you ahead of competitors It helps in making informed business decisions by having complete insights of market and by making in-depth analysis of market segments It provides distinctive graphics and exemplified SWOT analysis of major market segments About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Matcha Tea Market Overview, Leading Players, Segments Analysis and Growth Drivers to 2022 Next PostNext Global Cycle Computer Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Share,Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Technology Helps NICU Families Stay Connected with Their Newborns at UC Davis Children’s Hospital Global Catering Equipment Market 2017 – ZWILLING, Vatti, Siemens Global Building Antifreeze Market 2017 – Prestone, Castrol, Total, Exxon Mobil, Valvoline, Old World Industries Global Automobile Antenna Market 2017 – Zhongfa, Yokowa Co., Yabang Press Release: 8th Human Rights Dialogue between the European Un Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman InventisBio Raises USD19 Million in Series B Financing Led by OrbiMed SHANGHAI, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — InventisBio, a fast-growing biotech company dedicated to the discovery and development of novel medicines, today announced that it had successfully raised USD19 million in a Series B financing. The investment was led by OrbiMed Asia Partners and joined by Lilly Asia Ventures (LAV). With headquarter in Shanghai and operations in both China and US, InventisBio has four drug candidates for cancers and gout therapeutic areas. Three of them are expected to enter phase 1 clinical trials in US and China in 2017. „This new investment will accelerate our product development through phase 1 clinical trials,” said Dr. Yaolin Wang, InventisBio Co-Founder, Chairman and CEO. „Our goal is to develop novel medicines that will benefit patients not only in China, but also in the world. The strategic partnership with OrbiMed Asia and Lilly Asia Venture will help us establish a solid foundation for future growth in the global pharmaceutical market.” „We are pleased to have the opportunity to build a truly innovative company together with the management team and our reputable co-investors, such as LAV,” said Dr. Jonathan Wang, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of OrbiMed Asia. „I believe ‚Created in China, for the world’ will become a major trend in our industry and InventisBio is well positioned to become a leader in this trend.„ Dr. Wang has joined InventisBio’s Board of Directors. „It is a pleasure for LAV to partner with InventisBio and phenomenal investors,” said Dr. Fei Chen, Managing Partner of Lilly Asia Ventures. „We believe InventisBio’s pipeline has great clinical potential to address unmet medical needs in China and around the world.” Dr. Chen has joined the company’s Board of Directors since 2016. About InventisBio Inc. InventisBio is a biotech company whose product pipeline includes small molecule drug candidates for targeted therapies in lung cancer, breast cancer and gout. The company is also actively developing drugs that can be combined with other immune-oncology targeted therapies, such as PD-1 antibody, for various cancer indications. The company is co-founded by Dr. Yaolin Wang and other scientists who have previously worked at Merck and Schering-Plough, leading various drug discovery projects in oncology, metabolic and infectious disease areas. Prior to the Series B financing, the company received investment from angel investors led by Beautiful Mind Investment Management Ltd in 2015 and Series A financing led by Lilly Asia Venture and SinoPharm Capital in May 2016, totaling USD11 million. About OrbiMed (www.OrbiMed.com). Established in 1989, OrbiMed is the world’s largest healthcare and life sciences-dedicated investment firm. It manages approximately USD14 billion assets and has invested in over 450 companies across a wide range of therapeutic categories and stages of development. OrbiMed Asia, managing three Asia-focused PE/VC funds, totaling approximately $1 billion, has made investments in 40 companies. OrbiMed’s public equity funds have invested approximately USD2 billion in Asia public companies. About Lilly Asia Ventures (http://www.lillyasiaventures.com) Lilly Asia Ventures (LAV), founded in 2008 and headquartered in Shanghai, is a life sciences and healthcare sector focused investment firm, focusing: predominantly on biopharmaceutical, med tech and diagnostics investments in Asia, particularly in China. As a leading biomedical venture fund, LAV provides capital, industry expertise, and global resources to its portfolio companies to accelerate their growth. For more information contact: Yuanyuan Wu +86-21-5066-3661 yuanyuan.wu@inventisbio.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/inventisbio-raises-usd19-million-in-series-b-financing-led-by-orbimed-300464922.html SOURCE InventisBio CategoriesUncategorized TagsFinancing Agreements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The PrivateBank Announces $3 Billion Three-Year Community Development Plan Next PostNext United States Cremation Furnace Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecast Analysis of Top Countries 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Greenberg Traurig Governors’ Forum Brings Together Almost Half a Century of State Leadership for the First Time in Colorado’s History HealthTap Prime Launches in Texas to Connect 28-Million Residents with The Right Care, at the Right Time, and at the Right Cost Greenberg Traurig’s Ed Chansky to Speak at Engage for Good Conference 2017 HFF arranges $239 million for development of Four Seasons Private Residences in Los Angeles Grote Molen, Inc., d/b/a BlackRidge Technology, a Leader in Cyber Defense, Holds First Annual Shareholder Meeting Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi InventisBio Raises USD19 Million in Series B Financing Led by OrbiMed News provided by InventisBio 30 May, 2017, 19:00 ET Share this article SHANGHAI, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- InventisBio, a fast-growing biotech company dedicated to the discovery and development of novel medicines, today announced that it had successfully raised USD19 million in a Series B financing. The investment was led by OrbiMed Asia Partners and joined by Lilly Asia Ventures (LAV). With headquarter in Shanghai and operations in both China and US, InventisBio has four drug candidates for cancers and gout therapeutic areas. Three of them are expected to enter phase 1 clinical trials in US and China in 2017. "This new investment will accelerate our product development through phase 1 clinical trials," said Dr. Yaolin Wang, InventisBio Co-Founder, Chairman and CEO. "Our goal is to develop novel medicines that will benefit patients not only in China, but also in the world. The strategic partnership with OrbiMed Asia and Lilly Asia Venture will help us establish a solid foundation for future growth in the global pharmaceutical market." "We are pleased to have the opportunity to build a truly innovative company together with the management team and our reputable co-investors, such as LAV," said Dr. Jonathan Wang, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of OrbiMed Asia. "I believe 'Created in China, for the world' will become a major trend in our industry and InventisBio is well positioned to become a leader in this trend." Dr. Wang has joined InventisBio's Board of Directors. "It is a pleasure for LAV to partner with InventisBio and phenomenal investors," said Dr. Fei Chen, Managing Partner of Lilly Asia Ventures. "We believe InventisBio's pipeline has great clinical potential to address unmet medical needs in China and around the world." Dr. Chen has joined the company's Board of Directors since 2016. About InventisBio Inc. InventisBio is a biotech company whose product pipeline includes small molecule drug candidates for targeted therapies in lung cancer, breast cancer and gout. The company is also actively developing drugs that can be combined with other immune-oncology targeted therapies, such as PD-1 antibody, for various cancer indications. The company is co-founded by Dr. Yaolin Wang and other scientists who have previously worked at Merck and Schering-Plough, leading various drug discovery projects in oncology, metabolic and infectious disease areas. Prior to the Series B financing, the company received investment from angel investors led by Beautiful Mind Investment Management Ltd in 2015 and Series A financing led by Lilly Asia Venture and SinoPharm Capital in May 2016, totaling USD11 million. About OrbiMed (www.OrbiMed.com). Established in 1989, OrbiMed is the world's largest healthcare and life sciences-dedicated investment firm. It manages approximately USD14 billion assets and has invested in over 450 companies across a wide range of therapeutic categories and stages of development. OrbiMed Asia, managing three Asia-focused PE/VC funds, totaling approximately $1 billion, has made investments in 40 companies. OrbiMed's public equity funds have invested approximately USD2 billion in Asia public companies. About Lilly Asia Ventures (http://www.lillyasiaventures.com) Lilly Asia Ventures (LAV), founded in 2008 and headquartered in Shanghai, is a life sciences and healthcare sector focused investment firm, focusing: predominantly on biopharmaceutical, med tech and diagnostics investments in Asia, particularly in China. As a leading biomedical venture fund, LAV provides capital, industry expertise, and global resources to its portfolio companies to accelerate their growth. For more information contact: Yuanyuan Wu +86-21-5066-3661 yuanyuan.wu@inventisbio.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/inventisbio-raises-usd19-million-in-series-b-financing-led-by-orbimed-300464922.html SOURCE InventisBio My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: InventisBio Raises USD19 Million in Series B Financing Led by OrbiMed News provided by InventisBio 30 May, 2017, 19:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung 5/30 Akari Therapeutics CEO quits over retracted drug comparison Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release InventisBio Raises USD19 Million in Series B Financing Led by OrbiMed By Published: May 30, 2017 7:00 p.m. ET Share SHANGHAI, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- InventisBio, a fast-growing biotech company dedicated to the discovery and development of novel medicines, today announced that it had successfully raised USD19 million in a Series B financing. The investment was led by OrbiMed Asia Partners and joined by Lilly Asia Ventures (LAV). With headquarter in Shanghai and operations in both China and US, InventisBio has four drug candidates for cancers and gout therapeutic areas. Three of them are expected to enter phase 1 clinical trials in US and China in 2017. "This new investment will accelerate our product development through phase 1 clinical trials," said Dr. Yaolin Wang, InventisBio Co-Founder, Chairman and CEO. "Our goal is to develop novel medicines that will benefit patients not only in China, but also in the world. The strategic partnership with OrbiMed Asia and Lilly Asia Venture will help us establish a solid foundation for future growth in the global pharmaceutical market." "We are pleased to have the opportunity to build a truly innovative company together with the management team and our reputable co-investors, such as LAV," said Dr. Jonathan Wang, Co-Founder and Senior Managing Director of OrbiMed Asia. "I believe 'Created in China, for the world' will become a major trend in our industry and InventisBio is well positioned to become a leader in this trend." Dr. Wang has joined InventisBio's Board of Directors. "It is a pleasure for LAV to partner with InventisBio and phenomenal investors," said Dr. Fei Chen, Managing Partner of Lilly Asia Ventures. "We believe InventisBio's pipeline has great clinical potential to address unmet medical needs in China and around the world." Dr. Chen has joined the company's Board of Directors since 2016. About InventisBio Inc. InventisBio is a biotech company whose product pipeline includes small molecule drug candidates for targeted therapies in lung cancer, breast cancer and gout. The company is also actively developing drugs that can be combined with other immune-oncology targeted therapies, such as PD-1 antibody, for various cancer indications. The company is co-founded by Dr. Yaolin Wang and other scientists who have previously worked at Merck and Schering-Plough, leading various drug discovery projects in oncology, metabolic and infectious disease areas. Prior to the Series B financing, the company received investment from angel investors led by Beautiful Mind Investment Management Ltd in 2015 and Series A financing led by Lilly Asia Venture and SinoPharm Capital in May 2016, totaling USD11 million. About OrbiMed (www.OrbiMed.com).Established in 1989, OrbiMed is the world's largest healthcare and life sciences-dedicated investment firm. It manages approximately USD14 billion assets and has invested in over 450 companies across a wide range of therapeutic categories and stages of development. OrbiMed Asia, managing three Asia-focused PE/VC funds, totaling approximately $1 billion, has made investments in 40 companies. OrbiMed's public equity funds have invested approximately USD2 billion in Asia public companies. About Lilly Asia Ventures (http://www.lillyasiaventures.com)Lilly Asia Ventures (LAV), founded in 2008 and headquartered in Shanghai, is a life sciences and healthcare sector focused investment firm, focusing: predominantly on biopharmaceutical, med tech and diagnostics investments in Asia, particularly in China. As a leading biomedical venture fund, LAV provides capital, industry expertise, and global resources to its portfolio companies to accelerate their growth. For more information contact: Yuanyuan Wu +86-21-5066-3661 yuanyuan.wu@inventisbio.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/inventisbio-raises-usd19-million-in-series-b-financing-led-by-orbimed-300464922.html SOURCE InventisBio Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone This money manager sees no end in sight for bull market Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Arun Patil Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Analysis 2017-2022 Growth Opportunities, Trends, Forecast to 2017 Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market provides detailed market segment level data on the international market. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market report addresses forecast and growth patterns by company, regions and type or application from 2017 to 2021. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market research report introduce incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Besides this, the Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10657523 Further in the report, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Industry consumption for major regions is given. Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market by Product Type: Membrane Filters, Filter Holder, Pre-filters and Depth Media, Cartridges and Capsules, Single-use Systems, Others   Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market by Application: Final Product Processing, Raw Material Filtration, Cell Separation, Air & Water Purification,    The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Top key players of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market: Eaton Corporation Plc, GE Healthcare, Parker Hannifin, Amazon Filters, Merck, Danaher Corporation, Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A, Meissner Filtration Products, Inc, ErtelAlsop, Pall Corporation, Sartorius Stedim Biotech, 3M Get Sample PDF @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10657523 To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Effect Factors Analysis: Technology Progress/Risk, Substitutes Threat, Technology Progress in Related Industry, Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Forecast 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Price Forecast 2017-2021. Major Topics Covered in Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research Report Are as Follows: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List For Any Query on Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10657523 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market industry before evaluating its feasibility. For more industry-news press releases, visit at – http://talkinvestor.com/category/industry-news/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Industry Share, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Industry Size, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Analysis, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Growth, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research Report, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious STEALTHbits Announces Free Shadow Brokers Vulnerability Utility Next PostNext 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects Posted on 30 May 2017 by Arun Patil Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Analysis 2017-2022 Growth Opportunities, Trends, Forecast to 2017 Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market provides detailed market segment level data on the international market. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market report addresses forecast and growth patterns by company, regions and type or application from 2017 to 2021. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market research report introduce incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Besides this, the Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10657523 Further in the report, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Industry consumption for major regions is given. Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market by Product Type: Membrane Filters, Filter Holder, Pre-filters and Depth Media, Cartridges and Capsules, Single-use Systems, Others   Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market by Application: Final Product Processing, Raw Material Filtration, Cell Separation, Air & Water Purification,    The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Top key players of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market: Eaton Corporation Plc, GE Healthcare, Parker Hannifin, Amazon Filters, Merck, Danaher Corporation, Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A, Meissner Filtration Products, Inc, ErtelAlsop, Pall Corporation, Sartorius Stedim Biotech, 3M Get Sample PDF @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10657523 To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Effect Factors Analysis: Technology Progress/Risk, Substitutes Threat, Technology Progress in Related Industry, Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Forecast 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Price Forecast 2017-2021. Major Topics Covered in Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research Report Are as Follows: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List For Any Query on Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10657523 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market industry before evaluating its feasibility. For more industry-news press releases, visit at – http://talkinvestor.com/category/industry-news/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Industry Share, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Industry Size, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Analysis, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Growth, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research Report, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious STEALTHbits Announces Free Shadow Brokers Vulnerability Utility Next PostNext 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects Posted on 30 May 2017 by Arun Patil Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Analysis 2017-2022 Growth Opportunities, Trends, Forecast to 2017 Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market provides detailed market segment level data on the international market. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market report addresses forecast and growth patterns by company, regions and type or application from 2017 to 2021. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market research report introduce incorporates analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Besides this, the Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10657523 Further in the report, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Industry consumption for major regions is given. Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market by Product Type: Membrane Filters, Filter Holder, Pre-filters and Depth Media, Cartridges and Capsules, Single-use Systems, Others   Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market by Application: Final Product Processing, Raw Material Filtration, Cell Separation, Air & Water Purification,    The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. The Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Top key players of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market: Eaton Corporation Plc, GE Healthcare, Parker Hannifin, Amazon Filters, Merck, Danaher Corporation, Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A, Meissner Filtration Products, Inc, ErtelAlsop, Pall Corporation, Sartorius Stedim Biotech, 3M Get Sample PDF @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10657523 To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market by Region: North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Effect Factors Analysis: Technology Progress/Risk, Substitutes Threat, Technology Progress in Related Industry, Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Forecast 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Price Forecast 2017-2021. Major Topics Covered in Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research Report Are as Follows: Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, Distributors/Traders List For Any Query on Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10657523 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market industry before evaluating its feasibility. For more industry-news press releases, visit at – http://talkinvestor.com/category/industry-news/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Industry Share, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Industry Size, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Analysis, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Growth, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Research Report, Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious STEALTHbits Announces Free Shadow Brokers Vulnerability Utility Next PostNext 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects Search Recent Posts PODS Shares How Company Continues to Reimagine the Moving and Storage Industry at Gartner EA & TI Summit M2M Connected Healthcare Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2020 Internet Of Things (IoT) In Healthcare Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2024 DNA Sequencing In Drug Discovery Market Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2023 Player’s Network Subsidiary Awarded Medical Marijuana Licenses Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects /EINPresswire.com/ — ARLINGTON, VA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. „We’re proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process,” said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. „Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach.” The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT’s Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry’s productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry’s thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pharmaceutical Filtration Products Market Analysis 2017-2022 Growth Opportunities, Trends, Forecast to 2017 Next PostNext World Fishing Equipment Market by 2021-Analysis, Product Price, Profit, Capacity, Production, Supply, Demand, Growth Rate, & Forecast Search Recent Posts PODS Shares How Company Continues to Reimagine the Moving and Storage Industry at Gartner EA & TI Summit M2M Connected Healthcare Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2020 Internet Of Things (IoT) In Healthcare Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2024 DNA Sequencing In Drug Discovery Market Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2023 Player’s Network Subsidiary Awarded Medical Marijuana Licenses Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video CVS's Omnicare to pay $23 million to resolve U.S. kickback case Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Tue May 30, 2017 | 5:18pm EDT CVS's Omnicare to pay $23 million to resolve U.S. kickback case By Nate Raymond | BOSTON BOSTON CVS Health Corp's Omnicare unit has agreed to pay $23 million to resolve a whistleblower lawsuit alleging that it took kickbacks from a drugmaker to promote two antidepressants, according to settlement papers released on Friday. The accord, confirmed by the U.S. Attorney's Office in Boston, will resolve a lawsuit against the pharmacy operator filed in 2007 by two former employees of drugmaker Organon USA Inc on behalf of the federal government and various states. CVS in a statement said the alleged conduct at issue took place before it acquired Omnicare in 2015. Omnicare neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing as part of the settlement. The lawsuit claimed that from 1999 to 2005, Omnicare and certain pharmacies it acquired sought and received kickbacks from Organon in the form of discounts in exchange for promoting the antidepressants Remeron and Remeron SolTabs. The lawsuit said that as a result, Omnicare violated the False Claims Act by submitting kickback-tainted claims to Medicaid, the government health insurance program for the poor and disabled, for reimbursement. The lawsuit was filed by Richard Templin and James Banigan, both of whom were former employees of Organon, which reached a related $31 million settlement in 2014. Organon, originally based in the Netherlands, was acquired in 2007 by Schering-Plough Corp, which later merged with Merck & Co Inc. Under the False Claims Act, whistleblowers can sue companies on the government's behalf to recover taxpayer money paid out based on fraudulent claims. If successful, whistleblowers receive a percentage of the recovery. While the U.S. Justice Department can intervene in such lawsuits, in this case, the U.S. government and the 28 states named in the complaint declined to intervene, leaving the ex-Organon employees to pursue it on their own. Joel Androphy, a lawyer for Templin and Banigan, called the settlement "a fair resolution for all concerned." According to settlement papers, Omnicare agreed to pay the federal government more than $12.8 million and nearly $10.2 pursuant to state settlement agreements. The federal government in turn has agreed to pay nearly $3.73 million to Templin and Banigan. The case is U.S. ex rel. Banigan and Templin, et al, v. Organon USA Inc, et al, U.S. District Court, District of Massachusetts, No. 07-cv-12153. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News Trial kicks off in U.S. case over Iran-linked New York office tower NEW YORK Jurors in Manhattan federal court on Tuesday settled in for a weeks-long trial to decide the fate of a Manhattan office tower built for the shah of Iran, which the U.S. government is trying to seize for the benefit of people who have won terrorism-related court judgments against Iran. U.S. appeals court sides with transgender student in bathroom case NEW YORK A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday affirmed a lower court's preliminary ruling that a transgender boy must be allowed to use the boys' toilets at his high school in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Justice Dept probing N.J. town over mosque denial as another town settles NEW YORK The U.S. Department of Justice has opened an investigation on a New Jersey city's rejection of a planned mosque, a spokesman confirmed on Tuesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman By 2020, Global Vaccine Market Share Predicted to Reach $59.20 Billion in 2020 Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/30/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „Vaccine Market by Technology (Inactivated, Subunit, Conjugate, Live Attenuated, Toxoid, and Dendritic Cell Synthetic), Type (Therapeutic, Preventive), Indication (Allergy, Infectious Disease, Tumors and Others) for Infants, Early Aged, and Post Aged: Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2014 – 2020″ According to the report, global demand for vaccine was valued at over USD 32.2 billion in 2014, is expected to reach above USD 59.2 billion in 2020 and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of slightly above 11.0% between 2015 and 2020. Vaccination is the process of injecting, or oral vaccine ingestion to stimulate the immune system of the individual. The vaccine is made up of inactive, partially killed or dead microbes, to activate the immune system against the particular microbe and produce antibodies against it. A vaccination influences immune system to attack the microbe. The antigen stimulates the immune system to identify the threat, destroy and memorize so that if the same microbe occurs later it can be recognized and destroyed. Request For Free Sample Report: https://goo.gl/epFQzb The introduction of new vaccines for various diseases is escalating growth of the vaccine market. Also rise in frequency of diverse infectious diseases such as swine flu, influenza, Ebola, hepatitis, tuberculosis, diphtheria, meningococcal diseases, and pneumococcal diseases worldwide has increased the use of vaccines. Besides, the notable rise demand of the existing vaccines is predicted to enhance the growth of the market. A government initiative to generate awareness among people for vaccination is also supporting the market growth. However, high maintenance, strict laws of regulatory and huge expense for the development of new vaccines could pose a challenge for the vaccine market. Government funding for R&D of new vaccines for diseases like HIV and cancer offers the novel opportunity for vaccine market. Request For Free Price Quotation: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/requestquote?reportid=53045 Technological advancement in use of vaccine includes inactivated, subunit, conjugate, live attenuated, toxoid, dendritic cell and synthetic. Live attenuated is the recommended technology and accepted worldwide followed by inactivated technology. Two types of vaccine are a therapeutic vaccine and a preventive vaccine. The preventive vaccine was the leading type due to escalating awareness among people for prevention from various infections. End users for the ingestion or injection of vaccine are infants, early aged and post aged group. Infants and early aged populace are vaccinated on large basis due to government initiative for protecting children from various diseases. The indication segment for vaccine includes allergy, infectious disease, and tumors among others. Infectious disease was one of the major indications due to increase in a number of infectious and contiguous diseases globally. Browse the full report at: http://www.marketresearchstore.com/report/vaccine-market-z53045 North America emerged as prominent regional market owing to rising government support for R&D of vaccines, growing company investments for vaccine research, and high occurrence of different diseases in this region. The vaccine market is segmented into Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa, the further divergence of the region on the country level, which includes U.S., Germany, UK, France, China, Japan, and India. Some of the prominent participants in vaccine market include Pfizer, CSL Limited, GlaxoSmithKline, plc, MedImmune LLC, Novartis AG, Sanofi Pasteur, Merck and Company, Johnson and Johnson and Emergent BioSolutions Inc. This report segments the vaccine market as follows: Technology Segment Analysis: Inactivated, Subunit, Conjugate, Live Attenuated, Toxoid, Dendritic Cell, Synthetic Type Segment Analysis: Therapeutic vaccine, Preventive vaccine End-user Segment Analysis: Infants, Early aged, Post aged Indications Segment Analysis: Allergy, Infectious disease, Tumors, Others Regional Segment Analysis: North America(U.S.), Europe(UK, France, Germany), Asia-Pacific(China, Japan, India), Latin America(Brazil), Middle East and Africa Visit Our Blog: https://marketresearchstore2017.wordpress.com About Zion Market Research Zion Market Research is an obligated company. We create futuristic, cutting edge, informative reports ranging from industry reports, company reports to country reports. We provide our clients not only with market statistics unveiled by avowed private publishers and public organizations but also with vogue and newest industry reports along with pre-eminent and niche company profiles. Our database of market research reports comprises a wide variety of reports from cardinal industries. Our database is been updated constantly in order to fulfill our clients with prompt and direct online access to our database. Keeping in mind the client’s needs, we have included expert insights on global industries, products, and market trends in this database. Last but not the least, we make it our duty to ensure the success of clients connected to us—after all—if you do well, a little of the light shines on us. Contact Us: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street, Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sales@marketresearchstore.com Website: http://www.marketresearchstore.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Extracellular Matrix Proteins Market 2016-2023 Global Industry Outlook Research Report Next PostNext Synthetic Glycerin Market Analysis and Growth Forecast by Applications, Types and Competitors to 2022 Search Recent Posts How to Find the Best Memory Foam Mattress for You Holly Clegg appears on The 700 Club, CBN, with Eating Well To Fight Arthritis cookbook for National Thujopsene Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Heavy Duty Caster Manufacturer, Caster Concepts, Offers Drive Caster Packages Supersoul AudioVidz App Puts Intuitive Playlist Technology in the Hands of People Everywhere Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Web Based E-Detailing Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 Release By DecisionDatabases iCrowdNewswire – May 30, 2017 DecisionDatabases.com offers Web Based E-Detailing Market Research Report. This Report covers the complete Industry Outlook, Growth, Size, Share and Forecast Till 2022. The global web based e-detailing market research report provides detailed information about the industry based on the revenue (USD MN) for the forecast period. The research study is a descriptive analysis of this market emphasizing the market drivers and restraints that govern the overall market growth. The trends and future prospects for the market are also included in the report which gives an intellectual understanding of the web based e-detailing industry. Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period. The Increasing adaptability of internet among the doctors are the major factors pushing the market uphill. But Initial cost associated with the web based E- detailing are high might restraint the growth in the coming years. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-8840 The report offers a value chain analysis that gives a comprehensive outlook of the web based e-detailing market. The attractiveness analysis of this market has also been included so as to evaluate the segments that are anticipated to be profitable during the forecast period. The web based e-detailing market has been segmented based on e-detailing formats such as virtual live e-detailing, scripted e-detailing, and e-detailing websites. The study incorporates periodic market estimates and forecasts. Each e-detailing formats has been analyzed based on the market size at regional and country levels. The web based e-detailing market has been segmented based on applications such as pharmaceuticals, and biotechnology. The report provides forecast and estimates for each application in terms of market size during the study period. Each application has been further analyzed based on regional and country levels. The report also studies the competitive landscape of the global market with company profiles of players such as AstraZeneca, Plc, Abbott Health care, Inc., Pfizer, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline, Plc, Boston Scientific, Johnson and Johnson and Merck & Co. Geographically, the web based e-detailing market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. Table Of Contents – Overview 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary  3. Market Analysis Of Web Based E-Detailing 4. Web Based E-Detailing Market Analysis By E-Detailing Formats 5. Web Based E-Detailing Market Analysis By Application 6. Web Based E-Detailing Market Analysis By Geography 7. Competitive Landscape Of Web Based E-Detailing Companies 8. Company Profiles Of Web Based E-Detailing Industry Purchase Complete Global Web Based E-Detailing Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-8840 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: [email protected] Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, Asia, DecisionDatabases.com, English, Europe, Latin America, Research Newswire, United Kingdom, Web Based e-Detailing Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Time To Focus On ‘Hidden Hunger’ Next PostNext タッチチューンズとプレイネットワークが合併完了 Search Recent Posts Microsoft VPs Peter Han und Rodney Clark entwerfen in einer Hauptrede auf der CES Asia™ 2017 eine Vision für den Bau des Machbaren Microsoft VPs Peter Han und Rodney Clark entwerfen in einer Hauptrede auf der CES Asia™ 2017 eine Vision für den Bau des Machbaren Microsoft VPs Peter Han und Rodney Clark entwerfen in einer Hauptrede auf der CES Asia™ 2017 eine Vision für den Bau des Machbaren Vanbex Group Raises C$500,000 in First Seed Round Vanbex Group Raises C$500,000 in First Seed Round Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. „We’re proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process,” said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. „Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach.” The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT’s Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry’s productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry’s thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Publication d’une déclaration selon le système d’alerte Next PostNext Industrial Journalist Meets with Manufacturing Media Consortium in Rome in July Search Recent Posts Tetra Bio-Pharma Strengthens its Board with the Appointment of Dr. Bill Cheliak Element Issues US$1.2 Billion of Rated ABS Term Notes Through Chesapeake II SMART Global Holdings, Inc. Announces Closing of its Initial Public Offering Capstone Turbine to Announce Fourth Quarter & Fiscal Year 2017 Results on June 13, 2017 Thermoformed Plastic Is Appraised to Be Valued US $11.2 Billion by 2016 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. „We’re proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process,” said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. „Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach.” The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT’s Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry’s productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry’s thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Journalist Meets with Manufacturing Media Consortium in Rome in July Next PostNext Synchrono Data Historian Combines Context and Process Data for Actionable Information Search Recent Posts Europe Meat Snacks Market is expected to reach USD 4.59 billion by 2025 Computer Aided Engineering (CAE) Market is anticipated to reach USD 12.8 billion by 2025 Ferrero International S.A. has Acquired U.S. Chocolate Confectionery Manufacturer Fannie May MVP REIT and MVP REIT II Announce Definitive Merger Agreement EastGroup Properties Announces Recent Business Activity Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース EurekAlert!中文版 Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース EurekAlert!中文版 Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: Experimental Biology 2017 April 22 - 26, 2017 Chicago, IL Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting Experimental Biology 2017 April 22 - 26, 2017 Chicago, IL More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 30-May-2017 Penn studies show hope for multiple cancers with pembrolizumab combination therapies New research will be presented at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine Share  Print  E-Mail IMAGE: Dr. Tara Gangadhar. view more  Credit: Penn Medicine PHILADELPHIA - The combination of pembrolizumab and the checkpoint inhibitor known as epacadostat is leading to promising responses and is generally well tolerated in patients with triple-negative breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, squamous cell cancer of the head and neck, and several other cancers, according to researchers from the Abramson Cancer Center of the University of Pennsylvania. Their findings also showed that adding pembrolizumab to standard therapies for breast cancer improved the number of patients achieving a pathological complete response. The results of these combination therapy studies will be presented at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in Chicago. Pembrolizumab is an intravenous drug that targets the programmed cell death (PD-1) receptor - a protein that weakens the body's immune response by suppressing T-cell production. The drug was originally approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of advanced melanoma in 2014, and trials testing its use for other cancers are ongoing. As part of a Phase 1/2 clinical trial, researchers from Penn and other institutions gave patients the drug in combination with epacadostat, an indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) inhibitor. The drug functions in a similar way to pembrolizumab by boosting T-cell production, but it's taken orally and targets a different protein. It's specifically designed to switch off IDO1, an immunosuppressive enzyme associated with tumor progression and shortened survival for patients. Researchers broke down the results by cancer type and analyzed the outcomes, including: Advanced Urothelial Carcinoma (Abstract #4503) Squamous cell cancer of the head and neck (Abstract #6010) Non-small cell lung cancer (Abstract #9014) Triple-negative breast cancer and ovarian cancer (Abstract #1103) Advanced renal cell cancers (Abstract #4515) They also looked at the drug's general safety across multiple tumor types (Abstract #3012). "In each patient group, the combination did not add any significant increase in side effects compared to what patients experience with the PD-1 inhibitor alone," said Tara Gangadhar, MD, an assistant professor of Hematology Oncology in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, who led five of the new analyses. Separate research looked at the combination of pembrolizumab with standard treatments prior to surgery for patients with high-risk breast cancer (Abstract #506). As part of the multi-institutional I-SPY 2 trial, patients were randomly assigned to receive paclitaxel with or without the PD-1 inhibitor. The addition of pembrolizomab tripled the pathologic complete response rate in patients with triple-negative breast cancer, with 15 of 21 responding (71.4 percent) compared to 16 of 83 (19.3 percent) in the control group. The rate doubled in patients with hormone receptor positive breast cancer, with 7 of 25 responding (28 percent) compared to 13 of 88 in the control (14.8 percent). "This is incredibly exciting news for patients with aggressive cancers and the beginning of generating new and better curative options at diagnosis," said Angela DeMichele, MD, MSCE, the Alan and Jill Miller Professor in Breast Cancer Excellence in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania and Chair of Trial Operations for the study. DeMichele also noted that this trial uncovered new, previously unrecognized side effects of pembrolizumab. Four patients experienced adrenal insufficiency while another had hypophysitis - an inflammation of the pituitary gland. "These findings reflect a growing body of knowledge about how these drugs interact with the immune system that will lead to safer use of PD-1 inhibitors in future studies," DeMichele said. The Abramson Cancer Center is leading a new trial investigating pembrolizumab in head and neck cancer patients who are at high risk for recurrence or those with low-volume residual disease. Joshua Bauml, MD, an assistant professor of Hematology Oncology, is the principal investigator of the multi-site trial, which is currently enrolling patients. He will present an overview at the upcoming ASCO meeting (Abstract #TPS6095). "PD-1 inhibitors have already been shown to be effective in recurrent and metastatic head and neck cancer, but we want to specifically look at patients who have curable disease but are at risk for relapse," Bauml said. "In patients who have undergone front-line treatments, the standard approach calls for observation. We want to know if giving them this inhibitor can be an effective way to take an active role in preventing relapse." ### Gangadhar's research was supported by Incyte Corporation. Bauml's trial is funded by Merck, which manufactures pembrolizumab. Penn Medicine is one of the world's leading academic medical centers, dedicated to the related missions of medical education, biomedical research, and excellence in patient care. Penn Medicine consists of the Raymond and Ruth Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania (founded in 1765 as the nation's first medical school) and the University of Pennsylvania Health System, which together form a $6.7 billion enterprise. The Perelman School of Medicine has been ranked among the top five medical schools in the United States for the past 20 years, according to U.S. News & World Report's survey of research-oriented medical schools. The School is consistently among the nation's top recipients of funding from the National Institutes of Health, with $392 million awarded in the 2016 fiscal year. The University of Pennsylvania Health System's patient care facilities include: The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and Penn Presbyterian Medical Center -- which are recognized as one of the nation's top "Honor Roll" hospitals by U.S. News & World Report -- Chester County Hospital; Lancaster General Health; Penn Wissahickon Hospice; and Pennsylvania Hospital -- the nation's first hospital, founded in 1751. Additional affiliated inpatient care facilities and services throughout the Philadelphia region include Good Shepherd Penn Partners, a partnership between Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network and Penn Medicine. Penn Medicine is committed to improving lives and health through a variety of community-based programs and activities. In fiscal year 2016, Penn Medicine provided $393 million to benefit our community. Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact John Infanti john.infanti@uphs.upenn.edu 215-301-5221  @PennMedNews http://www.uphs.upenn.edu/news/  More on this News Release Penn studies show hope for multiple cancers with pembrolizumab combination therapies University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine Funder Incyte Corporation, Merck Meeting 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting Keywords BREAST CANCER CANCER CLINICAL TRIALS MEDICINE/HEALTH PHARMACEUTICAL SCIENCE Multimedia Dr. Tara Gangadhar, Penn Medicine (IMAGE) view more  Dr. Angela DeMichele, Penn Medicine (IMAGE) view more  Dr. Josh Bauml, Penn Medicine (IMAGE) view more  Original Source https://www.pennmedicine.org/news/news-releases/2017/may/studies-show-hope-for-multiple-cancers-with-pembrolizumab-combination-therapies More in Medicine & Health Obesity can lead to more severe hot flashes and other menopause symptoms The North American Menopause Society (NAMS) Survey finds men don't talk about their family health history risks MediaSource The fascinating molecule linking hydration and health Canadian Association for Neuroscience Drug believed to reduce postoperative pain and delirium does neither Washington University School of Medicine View all Medicine & Health news  Trending Science News The first genome data from ancient Egyptian mummies Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History A new spin on electronics University of Utah Gender and homicide: Important trends across four decades Mary Ann Liebert, Inc./Genetic Engineering News Springs were critical water sources for early humans in East Africa, Rutgers study finds Rutgers University View all latest news  Copyright © 2017 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlert facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2017 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Lean Construction Institute May 30, 2017 11:08 ET 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA--(Marketwired - May 30, 2017) - Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. "We're proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process," said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. "Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach." The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT's Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry's productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry's thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org Contact Information Contact: Dan Heinemeier Executive Director (423) 760-366 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Lean Construction Institute From this industry Professional Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Consulting Non Profits Construction See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Visit Lean Construction Institute online   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pharmacogenomics Market | Global Industry Trend, Growth & Forecast Analysis Report 2015-2022 iCrowdNewswire – May 30, 2017 DecisionDatabases.com offers Pharmacogenomics Market Research Report. This Report covers the complete Industry Outlook, Growth, Size, Share and Forecast Till 2022. The report on global pharmacogenomics market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2015-2022. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). The Growing demand for personalized drugs and Growing numbers of diseases are the major factors pushing the market uphill. But High cost of R&D might restraint the growth in the coming years. Get FREE Sample Report Copy @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-15450 Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period 2015-2022. The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report covers following company profiles (can be customized as per requirement): > Abbott Laboratories, Inc. > Affymetrix, Inc. > AstraZeneca plc > Bayer AG > Bristol-Myers Squibb Company > F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. > GE Healthcare > GlaxoSmithKline plc > Johnson & Johnson > Merck & Co., Inc. See the complete TOC and segmentations @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/ip/15450-pharmacogenomics-market-report The report classifies the market into different segments based on method, therapeutic application and application. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. Table Of Contents – Overview Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Analysis 4. Pharmacogenomics Market Analysis By Method 5. Pharmacogenomics Market Analysis By Therapeutic Application 6. Pharmacogenomics Market Analysis By Application 7. Pharmacogenomics Market Analysis By Geography 8. Competitive Landscape Of The Pharmacogenomics Companies 9. Company Profiles Of The Pharmacogenomics Industry Purchase Complete Global Pharmacogenomics Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-15450 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: [email protected] Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesUncategorized Tags Pharmacogenomics Market , (North America, Asia, English, Europe, Latin America, Research Newswire, United Kingdom Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Infrared Heat Lamp Sales – in depth Research Report about Global Market Trends With Key Vendors Philips, GE, Ceramicx Next PostNext A Catalystic Shock Search Recent Posts Heavy Particles Get Caught Up in the Flow New Article on Green and Bio Polyols Market Global Industrial Lifting Equipments Market in-Depth Analysis, Current Trends and Growth Forecast to 2022 Naomi Reiter named 2017 AIPP NSW Family Professional Photographer of the Year Sunshine supports fully-funded NDIS government commitment of enabling greater care for those with disabilities and mental illness Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Lean Construction Institute May 30, 2017 11:08 ET 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit to Explore How Lean Construction can Improve the Delivery of Capital Projects ARLINGTON, VA--(Marketwired - May 30, 2017) - Lean Construction Institute is proud to co-present the 8th Annual Lean Construction Summit on June 17, where hundreds of Lean professionals will come together to learn how organizations have effectively implemented LEAN Construction as a project delivery approach to eliminate construction waste through project lifecycles. The event, to be held at Marriott Minneapolis Southwest in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is presented in partnership with Construction Users Roundtable (CURT), Construction Industry Institute, and the Associated General Contractors of America. Lean Design and Construction are rapidly becoming the standard for project planning across the U.S., with 28% of the companies in the $712b construction market having implemented at least one Lean practice. The Lean Construction Summit is designed for owners, general contractors, design professionals, trade partners, and other project leaders who are responsible for selecting delivery systems or seek to drive change within their organizations. "We're proud to co-host this event, which offers something for individuals at every level of decision-making in the Lean delivery process," said Dan Heinemeier, LCI Executive Director. "Each presentation will close with key takeaways to help attendees determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach." The 2017 Lean Construction Summit Seeks To: (1) Share, from the experience of others, how organizations have effectively implemented Lean Construction as a project delivery approach. Specific topics include: How basic Lean Construction principles and enabling behaviors improve success on projects and in organizations; How increasing workflow predictability improves project safety, quality, cost and duration; How contracts enable or hinder project success; How collaboration within the project organization and along the entire value stream increases value for all parties; and How owners and project teams overcame challenges and improved performance using Lean Construction principles and practices in their organization and on projects. (2) Provide guidance for Owners implementing Lean as a project delivery approach on capital projects for various levels of decision makers, using Q&A as well as qualified and experienced panelists. (3) Provide key takeaways to help audience members determine their own next steps for implementing Lean as a project delivery approach. The CURT|LCI|CII|AGC Lean Construction Summit was developed by LCI and CURT's Project Delivery Committee, which includes representatives from Boldt Construction, BMW Constructors, DuPont, General Motors, Jacobs Engineering. Johnson & Johnson; KBR, Merck & Co., Inc., Procter & Gamble, Pentair; SimplexGrinnell, U.S. Architect of the Capitol, and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. To register, visit: https://www.curt.org/events About the Lean Construction Institute: Founded in 1997, LCI is a non-profit, membership-based organization with a vision to transform the built environment through Lean implementation. With common language, fundamental principles and basic practices, LCI aims to increase stakeholder satisfaction and project delivery value. The design and construction industry's productivity level has remained nearly stagnant in 50 years as other industry's thrive, but LCI sets out to improve the industry by facilitating continuous education through their Transforming Design and Construction book series, Lean instructional training courses and the annual LCI Congress and Design Forum. LCI advocates for using a variety of tools and techniques that help promote collaborative planning, waste elimination and work-site safety. For more information, please visit www.leanconstruction.org Contact Information Contact: Dan Heinemeier Executive Director (423) 760-366 Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Lean Construction Institute From this industry Professional Services Real Estate and Construction From this sub-industry Consulting Non Profits Construction See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Visit Lean Construction Institute online   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Abramson Cancer Center Studies Show Hope for Multiple Cancers with Pembrolizumab Combination Therapies <!– « Return to article list –> Return to Article List Abramson Cancer Center Studies Show Hope for Multiple Cancers with Pembrolizumab Combination Therapies New research will be presented at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting Article ID: 675494 Released: 30-May-2017 10:05 AM EDT Source Newsroom: Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania Add to Favorites <!– –> <!– –> <!– –> more news from this source contact patient services Share <!– –> Credit: Penn Medicine Dr. Tara Gangadhar <!– –> Credit: Penn Medicine Dr. Angela DeMichele <!– –> Credit: Penn Medicine Dr. Josh Bauml MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CITATIONS 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting, June 2-6 CHANNELS Cancer, Cell Biology, Immunology KEYWORDS ASCO 2017, ASCO Annual Meeting, pembrolizumab, Keytruda, Immunotherapy, PD-1 + Show More Newswise — PHILADELPHIA – The combination of pembrolizumab and the checkpoint inhibitor known as epacadostat is leading to promising responses and is generally well tolerated in patients with triple-negative breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, squamous cell cancer of the head and neck, and several other cancers, according to researchers from the Abramson Cancer Center of the University of Pennsylvania. Their findings also showed that adding pembrolizumab to standard therapies for breast cancer improved the number of patients achieving a pathological complete response. The results of these combination therapy studies will be presented at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting in Chicago.   Pembrolizumab is an intravenous drug that targets the programmed cell death (PD-1) receptor – a protein that weakens the body’s immune response by suppressing T-cell production. The drug was originally approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of advanced melanoma in 2014, and trials testing its use for other cancers are ongoing. As part of a Phase 1/2 clinical trial, researchers from Penn and other institutions gave patients the drug in combination with epacadostat, an indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) inhibitor. The drug functions in a similar way to pembrolizumab by boosting T-cell production, but it’s taken orally and targets a different protein. It’s specifically designed to switch off IDO1, an immunosuppressive enzyme associated with tumor progression and shortened survival for patients. Researchers broke down the results by cancer type and analyzed the outcomes, including: Advanced Urothelial Carcinoma (Abstract #4503) Squamous cell cancer of the head and neck (Abstract #6010) Non-small cell lung cancer (Abstract #9014) Triple-negative breast cancer and ovarian cancer (Abstract #1103) Advanced renal cell cancers (Abstract #4515) They also looked at the drug’s general safety across multiple tumor types (Abstract #3012) “In each patient group, the combination did not add any significant increase in side effects compared to what patients experience with the PD-1 inhibitor alone,” said Tara Gangadhar, MD, an assistant professor of Hematology Oncology in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, who led five of the new analyses. Separate research looked at the combination of pembrolizumab with standard treatments prior to surgery for patients with high-risk breast cancer (Abstract #506). As part of the multi-institutional I-SPY 2 trial, patients were randomly assigned to receive paclitaxel with or without the PD-1 inhibitor. The addition of pembrolizomab tripled the pathologic complete response rate in patients with triple-negative breast cancer, with 15 of 21 responding (71.4 percent) compared to 16 of 83 (19.3 percent) in the control group. The rate doubled in patients with hormone receptor positive breast cancer, with 7 of 25 responding (28 percent) compared to 13 of 88 in the control (14.8 percent). “This is incredibly exciting news for patients with aggressive cancers and the beginning of generating new and better curative options at diagnosis,” said Angela DeMichele, MD, MSCE, the Alan and Jill Miller Professor in Breast Cancer Excellence in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania and Chair of Trial Operations for the study. DeMichele also noted that this trial uncovered new, previously unrecognized side effects of pembrolizumab. Four patients experienced adrenal insufficiency while another had hypophysitis – an inflammation of the pituitary gland. “These findings reflect a growing body of knowledge about how these drugs interact with the immune system that will lead to safer use of PD-1 inhibitors in future studies,” DeMichele said. The Abramson Cancer Center is leading a new trial investigating pembrolizumab in head and neck cancer patients who are at high risk for recurrence or those with low-volume residual disease. Joshua Bauml, MD, an assistant professor of Hematology Oncology, is the principal investigator of the multi-site trial, which is currently enrolling patients. He will present an overview at the upcoming ASCO meeting (Abstract #TPS6095).  “PD-1 inhibitors have already been shown to be effective in recurrent and metastatic head and neck cancer, but we want to specifically look at patients who have curable disease but are at risk for relapse,” Bauml said. “In patients who have undergone front-line treatments, the standard approach calls for observation. We want to know if giving them this inhibitor can be an effective way to take an active role in preventing relapse.” Gangadhar’s research was supported by Incyte Corporation. Bauml’s trial is funded by Merck, which manufactures pembrolizumab.     ### Penn Medicine is one of the world’s leading academic medical centers, dedicated to the related missions of medical education, biomedical research, and excellence in patient care. Penn Medicine consists of the Raymond and Ruth Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania (founded in 1765 as the nation’s first medical school) and the University of Pennsylvania Health System, which together form a $6.7 billion enterprise. The Perelman School of Medicine has been ranked among the top five medical schools in the United States for the past 20 years, according to U.S. News & World Report’s survey of research-oriented medical schools. The School is consistently among the nation’s top recipients of funding from the National Institutes of Health, with $392 million awarded in the 2016 fiscal year. The University of Pennsylvania Health System’s patient care facilities include: The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and Penn Presbyterian Medical Center — which are recognized as one of the nation’s top „Honor Roll” hospitals by U.S. News & World Report — Chester County Hospital; Lancaster General Health; Penn Wissahickon Hospice; and Pennsylvania Hospital — the nation’s first hospital, founded in 1751. Additional affiliated inpatient care facilities and services throughout the Philadelphia region include Good Shepherd Penn Partners, a partnership between Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network and Penn Medicine. Penn Medicine is committed to improving lives and health through a variety of community-based programs and activities. In fiscal year 2016, Penn Medicine provided $393 million to benefit our community. COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Meat, Poultry and Seafood Packaging Market Information, Figures and Analytical Insights 2017 – 2027 Next PostNext Aluminum-Free Food Pouch Market Analysis, Value, Forecast, 2017-2027 By FMI Search Recent Posts OncBioMune Receives Approval for Male Fertility Product in Mexico North Carolina Man Sentenced to 15 Years for Charges Involving Scheme to Compel Five Women to Prostitute ASDS Survey: Nearly 10.5 Million Treatments Performed in 2016 Greenberg Traurig’s Rebecca Schechter to Speak at CFGI Symposium Millennials Using Solo 401(k) Plan Loan Option to Enter Housing Market, According to IRA Financial Group Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Ligand Enters Into Worldwide OmniAb® Platform License Agreement With xCella Biosciences SAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:LGND) announces it has entered into a worldwide license agreement with Menlo Park, California-based xCella Biosciences, Inc. Under the license, xCella will be able to use the OmniRat®, OmniMouse® and OmniFlic® platforms to discover fully human mono- and bispecific antibodies. Ligand is eligible to receive annual platform access payments, development and regulatory milestone payments and royalties for each product incorporating an OmniAb antibody. xCella will be responsible for all costs related to the programs. “This agreement provides xCella with access to the OmniAb platform, an industry-leading technology for the discovery of fully-human antibodies,” said John Higgins, Chief Executive Officer of Ligand. “There continues to be strong partnership interest for the OmniAb platform within the antibody-discovery community, and Ligand plans to continue to efficiently leverage the technology to generate fully-funded shots on goal.” About xCella Biosciences xCella is a protein engineering and drug discovery company based on intellectual property originally developed at Stanford University in the Stanford Photonics Research Center and the laboratory of Dr. Jennifer Cochran in the Stanford Department of Bioengineering. xCella’s proprietary platform enables high throughput screening and engineering of proteins based on functional activity, presenting unprecedented opportunities for the creation of novel therapeutics and other protein-based assets. In addition to its internal drug discovery program, xCella has entered into partnership agreements with leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to develop best in-class protein-based assets in key strategic areas of interest. About OmniAb® OmniAb includes three transgenic animal platforms for producing mono- and bispecific human therapeutic antibodies. OmniRat® is the industry’s first human monoclonal antibody technology based on rats. It has a complete immune system with a diverse antibody repertoire and generates antibodies with human idiotypes as effectively as wild-type animals make rat antibodies. OmniMouse® is a transgenic mouse that complements OmniRat and expands epitope coverage. OmniFlic® is an engineered rat with a fixed light chain for development of bispecific, fully human antibodies. The three platforms use patented technology, have broad freedom to operate and deliver fully human antibodies with high affinity, specificity, expression, solubility and stability. About Ligand Pharmaceuticals Ligand is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing or acquiring technologies that help pharmaceutical companies discover and develop medicines. Our business model creates value for stockholders by providing a diversified portfolio of biotech and pharmaceutical product revenue streams that are supported by an efficient and low corporate cost structure. Our goal is to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the promise of the biotech industry in a profitable, diversified and lower-risk business than a typical biotech company. Our business model is based on doing what we do best: drug discovery, early-stage drug development, product reformulation and partnering. We partner with other pharmaceutical companies to leverage what they do best (late-stage development, regulatory management and commercialization) to ultimately generate our revenue. Ligand’s Captisol® platform technology is a patent-protected, chemically modified cyclodextrin with a structure designed to optimize the solubility and stability of drugs. OmniAb® is a patent-protected transgenic animal platform used in the discovery of fully human mono-and bispecific therapeutic antibodies. Ligand has established multiple alliances, licenses and other business relationships with the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies including Novartis, Amgen, Merck, Pfizer, Celgene, Gilead, Janssen, Baxter International and Eli Lilly. Follow Ligand on Twitter @Ligand_LGND. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements by Ligand that involve risks and uncertainties and reflect Ligand’s judgment as of the date of this release. These include statements regarding Ligand’s license agreement with xCella under which Ligand may receive annual platform access payments, milestone payments and royalties (which, as used herein includes royalty-like payments based upon the development and commercialization of any products based on antibodies discovered under the license). Actual events or results may differ from our expectations. For example, there can be no assurances that xCella will successfully develop or market any antibodies discovered under the license. The failure to meet expectations with respect to any of the foregoing matters may reduce Ligand’s stock price. Additional information concerning these and other important risk factors affecting Ligand can be found in Ligand’s prior press releases available at www.ligand.com as well as in Ligand’s public periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at www.sec.gov. Ligand disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements beyond the date of this press release, except as required by law. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious T-Mobile Celebrates a Year of Thankings Next PostNext Amazon Anuncia el 4º Premio Literario de Autores Independientes en Español Search Recent Posts PODS Shares How Company Continues to Reimagine the Moving and Storage Industry at Gartner EA & TI Summit M2M Connected Healthcare Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2020 Internet Of Things (IoT) In Healthcare Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2024 DNA Sequencing In Drug Discovery Market Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2023 Player’s Network Subsidiary Awarded Medical Marijuana Licenses Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Ligand Enters Into Worldwide OmniAb® Platform License Agreement With xCella Biosciences May 30, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:LGND) announces it has entered into a worldwide license agreement with Menlo Park, California-based xCella Biosciences, Inc. Under the license, xCella will be able to use the OmniRat®, OmniMouse® and OmniFlic® platforms to discover fully human mono- and bispecific antibodies. Ligand is eligible to receive annual platform access payments, development and regulatory milestone payments and royalties for each product incorporating an OmniAb antibody. xCella will be responsible for all costs related to the programs. “This agreement provides xCella with access to the OmniAb platform, an industry-leading technology for the discovery of fully-human antibodies,” said John Higgins, Chief Executive Officer of Ligand. “There continues to be strong partnership interest for the OmniAb platform within the antibody-discovery community, and Ligand plans to continue to efficiently leverage the technology to generate fully-funded shots on goal.” About xCella Biosciences xCella is a protein engineering and drug discovery company based on intellectual property originally developed at Stanford University in the Stanford Photonics Research Center and the laboratory of Dr. Jennifer Cochran in the Stanford Department of Bioengineering. xCella’s proprietary platform enables high throughput screening and engineering of proteins based on functional activity, presenting unprecedented opportunities for the creation of novel therapeutics and other protein-based assets. In addition to its internal drug discovery program, xCella has entered into partnership agreements with leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to develop best in-class protein-based assets in key strategic areas of interest. About OmniAb® OmniAb includes three transgenic animal platforms for producing mono- and bispecific human therapeutic antibodies. OmniRat® is the industry’s first human monoclonal antibody technology based on rats. It has a complete immune system with a diverse antibody repertoire and generates antibodies with human idiotypes as effectively as wild-type animals make rat antibodies. OmniMouse® is a transgenic mouse that complements OmniRat and expands epitope coverage. OmniFlic® is an engineered rat with a fixed light chain for development of bispecific, fully human antibodies. The three platforms use patented technology, have broad freedom to operate and deliver fully human antibodies with high affinity, specificity, expression, solubility and stability. About Ligand Pharmaceuticals Ligand is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing or acquiring technologies that help pharmaceutical companies discover and develop medicines. Our business model creates value for stockholders by providing a diversified portfolio of biotech and pharmaceutical product revenue streams that are supported by an efficient and low corporate cost structure. Our goal is to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the promise of the biotech industry in a profitable, diversified and lower-risk business than a typical biotech company. Our business model is based on doing what we do best: drug discovery, early-stage drug development, product reformulation and partnering. We partner with other pharmaceutical companies to leverage what they do best (late-stage development, regulatory management and commercialization) to ultimately generate our revenue. Ligand’s Captisol® platform technology is a patent-protected, chemically modified cyclodextrin with a structure designed to optimize the solubility and stability of drugs. OmniAb® is a patent-protected transgenic animal platform used in the discovery of fully human mono-and bispecific therapeutic antibodies. Ligand has established multiple alliances, licenses and other business relationships with the world's leading pharmaceutical companies including Novartis, Amgen, Merck, Pfizer, Celgene, Gilead, Janssen, Baxter International and Eli Lilly. Follow Ligand on Twitter @Ligand_LGND. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements by Ligand that involve risks and uncertainties and reflect Ligand's judgment as of the date of this release. These include statements regarding Ligand's license agreement with xCella under which Ligand may receive annual platform access payments, milestone payments and royalties (which, as used herein includes royalty-like payments based upon the development and commercialization of any products based on antibodies discovered under the license). Actual events or results may differ from our expectations. For example, there can be no assurances that xCella will successfully develop or market any antibodies discovered under the license. The failure to meet expectations with respect to any of the foregoing matters may reduce Ligand's stock price. Additional information concerning these and other important risk factors affecting Ligand can be found in Ligand's prior press releases available at www.ligand.com as well as in Ligand's public periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at www.sec.gov. Ligand disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements beyond the date of this press release, except as required by law. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Contacts Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Todd Pettingill, 858-550-7500 investors@ligand.com @Ligand_LGND or LHA Bruce Voss, 310-691-7100 bvoss@lhai.com Contacts Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Todd Pettingill, 858-550-7500 investors@ligand.com @Ligand_LGND or LHA Bruce Voss, 310-691-7100 bvoss@lhai.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Psoriasis Treatment Market Research Report Forecast to 2024 Psoriasis Treatment Market The alarming rise in the number of psoriasis patients is having the most prominent impact on the global market for psoriasis treatment. With the increasing FDA approval for novel drugs and therapies for psoriasis treatment, the market is likely to surge remarkably over the next few years. Apart from this, the presence of a strong product pipeline and the growing awareness regarding psoriasis and its treatment among people in emerging economies are also projected to propel this market in the near future. According to Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global market for psoriasis treatment offered an opportunity worth US$7.8 bn in 2015. Researchers estimate this market to rise at a CAGR of 5.10% between 2016 and 2024 and reach US$12.1 bn by 2024. This 178 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Psoriasis Treatment Market. Browse through 24 data tables and 65 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/psoriasis-treatment-ma… TNF Inhibitors, interleukin blockers, and vitamin D analogues or combination have emerged as the key products available in the worldwide market for psoriasis treatment. Driven by superior efficiency and safety, TNF inhibitors are reporting a higher demand than other products in this market. By 2024, the segment is expected to remain on top with an estimated share of more than 47% in the overall market. However, the introduction of biosimilars may limit this demand to some extent in the years to come. Interleukin blockers, on the flip side, is projected to present a lucrative growth opportunity to market players over the coming years due to their augmenting usage and their ability to act selectively by targeting the proteins. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Psoriasis Treatment Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… On the basis of geography, Latin America, North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Asia Pacific are considered as the prime regional market for psoriasis treatment. North America has surfaced as the key contributor to this market and is likely to retain this position in the near future. The remarkable rise in the patient pool suffering from psoriasis is projected to boost this regional market over the coming years. The presence of well-established drugmakers is also expected to have positive influence on the North America market for psoriasis treatment in the years to come. Europe, although currently having a strong position in the overall market, is likely to experience a decline in the demand psoriasis treatment, following an intense competition from biosimilars over the next few years. Latin America and Asia Pacific, on the other hand, are anticipated to witness a significant rise in their respective markets over the next few years. The increasing awareness regarding psoriasis and its treatment among people in emerging economies, such as China and India, through various government and NGO campaigns is projected to stimulate the Asia Pacific market for psoriasis treatment considerably in the near future. Biogen, LEO Pharma A/S, AbbVie Inc., AstraZeneca, Pfizer Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co. Inc., Novartis AG, Eli Lilly & Co., and Amgen Inc. are some of the prominent players in the global market for psoriasis treatment. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Mustard Sales Market Growth, Opportunity, Demand and Overview 2017-2022 Next PostNext Top Marketing Agency Doubles Office Space; Creates New Opportunities for Growth Search Recent Posts 50 Greenberg Traurig Florida Attorneys Included in 2017 Chambers USA Guide DPH Encourages Testing for Hepatitis C Samson Oil & Gas Advisory United States Camping Cooler Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecast Analysis of Top Countries 2017-2022 Smart Sensing(スマートセンシング) 初開催！ Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Tracking The Busy June PDUFA Calendar Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 30, 2017 8:58am   Comments Share: The hot biotech space is set to witness a month of brimming activity in June, as several prospective treatment candidates are up on the altar to receive the blessings of the FDA. Two new molecular entities were approved in May, taking the tally for this year to 20. How The Sector Has Fared Thus Far In May Amid light activity levels this month, the performance of the biotech sector thus far this month isn't anything to boast about. The NYSE ARCA Biotech Index has been down 0.14 percent year to date, and the iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (ETF) (NASDAQ: IBB) has been down 2.12 percent. This compares to a 0.4 percent gain by the S&P 500 and a 1.4 percent advance by the NASDAQ Composite. However, in the year-to-date period, the NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index and the iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index have been up 18.09 percent and 9.76 percent, respectively, signaling that the momentum is still with the sector. Source: Y Charts A Recap Of May Decisions Among the FDA verdicts announced in May: TherapeuticsMD Inc (NYSE: TXMD) received a complete response letter for its applicator-free vaginal estradiol soft-gel drug candidate Yuvvexy, seeking long-term endometrial safety data beyond 12-week studies in the pivotal Phase III Rejoice trail. The stock fell 10.5 percent on May 8 in reaction to the CRL. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) Keytruda in combination with chemotherapy was approved for previously untreated advanced lung cancer. The stock hit an intra-day high of $65.25 on May 11, up over 2 percent before pulling back slightly and yet ended with a gain of 0.7 percent. Among NMEs, Radicava of MITSUBISHI TANABE SPON ADR EA REPR 1 ORD SHS (OTC: MTZPY) was approved for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, on May 5. The stock surged up 8.2 percent on May 8 in reaction to the approval. The FDA granted accelerated approval to AstraZeneca plc (ADR) (NYSE: AZN)'s PD-L1 inhibitor durvalumab for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, offering an alternative to chemotherapy. The stock surged 9.2 percent on May 12. Source: Y Charts June — A Month Of Plenty 1. Alkerems Seeks To Increase Dosing Interval With Arisdata sNDA Company: Alkermes Plc (NASDAQ: ALKS) Type of Application: sNDA Drug Candidate: Aristada (aripiprazole lauroxil, chemically) Indication: Schizophrenia Date: June 5 The sNDA for the extended-release injectable suspension has been submitted for a two-month dosing interval on August 8, 2016. sNDA application allows a company to make changes in a product, in dosing, packaging, ingredients etc., that already has an approved new drug application, or NDA. Aristada was approved by the FDA in October 2015 as the first long-acting atypical antipsychotic, with once-monthly and once-every six-week dosing options. 2. Coherus Seeks FDA Approval Amid Patent Challenge Company: Coherus Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ: CHRS) Type of Application: aBLA Drug/Treatment Candidate: CHS-1701, a pegfilgrastim ( Amgen, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMGN)'s Neulasta) biosimilar candidate. Indication: treating infection during chemotherapy (by stimulating bone marrow) Potential: $4 billion in sales in 2016 for Amgen Expected Launch Date: Mid-second half of 2017 Date: June 9 ABLA, or abbreviated Biologic License Approval, provides for the review and ultimate approval of a generic or biosimilar biologic product. In August 2016, Coherus announced the FDA accepted its aBLA for CHS-1701, and 20 days after the FDA acceptance, Coherus had to provide Amgen, the reference product sponsor, with the copy of the application and information regarding the manufacturing process. Meanwhile, Amgen announced on May 1, it has sued Coherus in a Delaware court for infringing its patent covering Neulasta. Incidentally, Novartis' Sandoz division, Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ: MYL) and Apotex have also applied for approval for Neulasta biosimilars, although they are yet to get regulatory clearance. 3. Merck's Keytruda Up For 3 Indications Company: Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) Type of Application: sBLA Drug/Treatment Candidate: Keytruda Indication: 1) previously treated patients with advanced microsatellite instability-high (MSI-H) cancer 2) / advanced urothelial cancer, both as first-line and second-line treatments. Date: June 9 & June 14 Merck announced on March 14 the FDA has extended the PDUFA date for the sBLA for Keytruda, which is a humanized antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body's immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. It acts by blocking the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands PD-L1 and PD-L2, activating T lymphocytes, which attacks both tumor and healthy cells. The PDUFA action date is June 9. The extension was due to the submission of additional data, which was considered a major amendment to the sBLA. Two more sBLAs for Keytruda are also pending before the FDA for locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer, a type of bladder cancer, both for first-line use in patients ineligible for cisplatin-containing therapy, and as second-line for patients with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. The PDUFA action date is June 14. Source: Merck 4. Will Third Time Be The Charm For Adamis? Company: Adamis Pharmaceuticals Corp (NASDAQ: ADMP) Type of Application: NDA Drug/Treatment Candidate: Epinephrine Pre-filled Syringe Indication: Emergency treatment of anaphylaxis. Date: June 15 The product candidate was issued CRL on March 27, 2015 and yet again on June 6, 2016. Following NDA resubmission on December 16, 2016, the company said the FDA accepted it for review on January 19, 2017. The PDUFA date of June 15, 2017 was deduced using a 6-month timeframe from the resubmission. 5. Johnson & Johnson's sBLA For Multiple Myeloma Treatment On FDA Altar Company: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) unit Janssen Pharmaceutica & Danish biotech Gemmab Type of Application: sBLA Drug/Treatment Candidate: DARZALEX (Daratumumab) + pomalidomide and dexamethasone Indication: treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies, with a proteasome inhibitor and an immunomodulatory agent. Date: June 17 This PDUFA date for the combo, which was accorded standard review status, is set for June 17. Source: National Cancer Institute 6. Neos' Second Try Company: Neos Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ: NEOS) Type of Application: NDA Drug/Treatment Candidate: Cotempla XR-ODT, (methylphenidate extended-release orally disintegrating tablet) Indication: ADHD Date: June 19 Following the issue of CRL in November 2015, the company announced the resubmission of the NDA on December 20, 2016. A six-month period for the resubmission would mean a PDUFA date of June 19. 7. Ligand Pharma's Bacterial Skin Infection Treatment Company: Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: LGND) along with Melinta Therapeutics Type of Application: NDA Drug/Treatment Candidate: oral as well as IV Baxdela Indication: Treatment of patients with acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections Date: June 19 8. Will Portola's Anticoagulant Solidify FDA Views? Company: Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ: PTLA) Type of Application: NDA Drug/Treatment Candidate: Betrixaban, a factor Xa anticoagulant Indication: Extended-duration prevention of venous thromboembolism (blood clots) in acute medically ill patients, such as those with heart failure, stroke, infection and pulmonary disease. Date: June 24 Related Links: Emulating The Unthinkable: FDA's Tech Bet With 'Organ-On-A-Chip' 13 Emerging Biotechs With Catalysts In 2017 Posted-In: AristadaBiotech News Health Care Previews FDA Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ALKS + ADMP) Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Down 2.5%; Werner Enterprises Shares Spike Higher 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Friday Mid-Day Market Update: CAI International Gains On Strong Results; Adamis Pharmaceuticals Shares Slide Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Edge Lower; General Electric Tops Q1 Estimates 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session Your Cheat Sheet For Q1 Biotech Earnings View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 APPL, AMZN: Where Would Apple And Google Rank In Terms Of World's Richest Cou... 2 WLL, HMNY: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 3 MSFT, NTODY: Even Among Gamers, 70% Don't Have The Nintend... 4 BLK: Larry Fink Oversees More Money Than Any Other H... 5 AMZN: Dan Nathan's Amazon Hedge 6 GOOG, IP: Barron's Ponders The Future Of Ford 7 BIG, LABL: 5 Stocks To Watch For May... 1 JNJ, TXMD: Tracking The Busy June PDUFA Calendar 2 SHLD: A New Trend Or An Outlier: Sears Has Strung Together Several Earnin... 3 PCG, GOOGL: Monday's Market In 5 Minutes 4 WYNN, BMY: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 5 PN, MRK: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futur... 6 NVS, NX: 5 Stocks To Watch For May 30, 2017 7 Economic Data Scheduled For Tuesday View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products A New Trend Or An Outlier: Sears Has Strung Together Several Earnings Beats In A Row
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs are the group of drugs or medications prescribed for treating life style disorders such as erectile dysfunction, acne, aging symptoms baldness, wrinkles etc. Also lifestyle drugs treat the conditions such as obesity, alcoholism, smoking, insomnia etc. many lifestyle drugs are available at OTC products. Popularity of the lifestyle drugs have increased as these drugs are used for increasing aesthetic appeal. Whereas these drugs are used for eliminating the chronic life style habits such as smoking and alcoholism, thus reducing the chances of getting major diseases such as liver failure and lung cancer. Lifestyle drugs market comprises of different drugs for therapeutic areas such as obesity, insomnia, dermatology, sexual dysfunction and others. However these drugs are available in various forms such as creams, gels, lotions, tablets etc. depending upon the therapeutic usage of the drug. Lifestyle Drugs market revenue is growing with a significant rate, this is attributed to increasing usage of the drugs for obesity. In addition to this, increasing prevalence of insomnia and stress leads to increase in the revenue growth of life style drugs market over the forecast period. Also increase in looks consciousness leads to increasing number of people visiting dermatologists for curing acne, baldness and wrinkles. Growing healthcare expenditure and increasing inclination of patients to opt for lifestyle drugs drives the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Increasing number of new drug launches for various ailments also drives the market for lifestyle drugs market. However higher pricing of some life style drugs along with availability of alternative treatment plans such as yoga for obesity is expected to hamper the growth of the lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Lifestyle drugs market revenue is expected to grow at a good growth rate, over the forecast period. The market is anticipated to perform well in the near future due to increasing awareness regarding various lifestyle drugs available in the market. Also the market is anticipated to grow with a fastest CAGR over the forecast period, attributed to increasing health and looks consciousness which in turn drives the revenue growth of life style drugs market. Increasing investment in R&D and increasing number of new product launches, collaborations, strategic tie-ups are the major factors estimated to drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Depending on geographic region, the Lifestyle Drugs market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is occupying the largest regional market share in the global lifestyle drugs market owing to the presence of more number of market players, high awareness levels regarding the use of various life style drugs. Increasing healthcare expenditure and relatively larger number of R&D exercises pertaining to product manufacturing and marketing activities in the region. Also Europe is expected to perform well in the near future due to increasing number of people opting for drugs to increase their aesthetic appeal which in turn drives the revenue growth of dermatology segment of lifestyle drugs market. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR because of increase in the prevalence of sexual disorders, also increase in the prevalence of baldness and premature aging drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Some of the key players of lifestyle drugs market includes Allergan, BMS, Eli Lilly, Galderma, Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Sanofi, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Johnson & Johnson etc. Many companies have entered lifestyle drugs market to target the untapped areas in the market. The companies in lifestyle drugs market are increasingly engaged in strategic partnerships, collaborations and promotional activities to capture a greater pie of market share as the market is in the nascent stage. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14158 The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14158 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Lifestyle Drugs Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious VIDEO: Experian plc EVP of Investor Relations and Communications, Peg Smith, Interviewed in OTCQX Video Series Next PostNext Backend as a Service (BaaS) Market Global Industry Analysis, Key Vendors, Opportunity & Forecast 2017 to 2022 Posted on 30 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs are the group of drugs or medications prescribed for treating life style disorders such as erectile dysfunction, acne, aging symptoms baldness, wrinkles etc. Also lifestyle drugs treat the conditions such as obesity, alcoholism, smoking, insomnia etc. many lifestyle drugs are available at OTC products. Popularity of the lifestyle drugs have increased as these drugs are used for increasing aesthetic appeal. Whereas these drugs are used for eliminating the chronic life style habits such as smoking and alcoholism, thus reducing the chances of getting major diseases such as liver failure and lung cancer. Lifestyle drugs market comprises of different drugs for therapeutic areas such as obesity, insomnia, dermatology, sexual dysfunction and others. However these drugs are available in various forms such as creams, gels, lotions, tablets etc. depending upon the therapeutic usage of the drug. Lifestyle Drugs market revenue is growing with a significant rate, this is attributed to increasing usage of the drugs for obesity. In addition to this, increasing prevalence of insomnia and stress leads to increase in the revenue growth of life style drugs market over the forecast period. Also increase in looks consciousness leads to increasing number of people visiting dermatologists for curing acne, baldness and wrinkles. Growing healthcare expenditure and increasing inclination of patients to opt for lifestyle drugs drives the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Increasing number of new drug launches for various ailments also drives the market for lifestyle drugs market. However higher pricing of some life style drugs along with availability of alternative treatment plans such as yoga for obesity is expected to hamper the growth of the lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Lifestyle drugs market revenue is expected to grow at a good growth rate, over the forecast period. The market is anticipated to perform well in the near future due to increasing awareness regarding various lifestyle drugs available in the market. Also the market is anticipated to grow with a fastest CAGR over the forecast period, attributed to increasing health and looks consciousness which in turn drives the revenue growth of life style drugs market. Increasing investment in R&D and increasing number of new product launches, collaborations, strategic tie-ups are the major factors estimated to drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Depending on geographic region, the Lifestyle Drugs market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is occupying the largest regional market share in the global lifestyle drugs market owing to the presence of more number of market players, high awareness levels regarding the use of various life style drugs. Increasing healthcare expenditure and relatively larger number of R&D exercises pertaining to product manufacturing and marketing activities in the region. Also Europe is expected to perform well in the near future due to increasing number of people opting for drugs to increase their aesthetic appeal which in turn drives the revenue growth of dermatology segment of lifestyle drugs market. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR because of increase in the prevalence of sexual disorders, also increase in the prevalence of baldness and premature aging drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Some of the key players of lifestyle drugs market includes Allergan, BMS, Eli Lilly, Galderma, Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Sanofi, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Johnson & Johnson etc. Many companies have entered lifestyle drugs market to target the untapped areas in the market. The companies in lifestyle drugs market are increasingly engaged in strategic partnerships, collaborations and promotional activities to capture a greater pie of market share as the market is in the nascent stage. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14158 The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14158 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Lifestyle Drugs Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious VIDEO: Experian plc EVP of Investor Relations and Communications, Peg Smith, Interviewed in OTCQX Video Series Next PostNext Backend as a Service (BaaS) Market Global Industry Analysis, Key Vendors, Opportunity & Forecast 2017 to 2022 Posted on 30 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs are the group of drugs or medications prescribed for treating life style disorders such as erectile dysfunction, acne, aging symptoms baldness, wrinkles etc. Also lifestyle drugs treat the conditions such as obesity, alcoholism, smoking, insomnia etc. many lifestyle drugs are available at OTC products. Popularity of the lifestyle drugs have increased as these drugs are used for increasing aesthetic appeal. Whereas these drugs are used for eliminating the chronic life style habits such as smoking and alcoholism, thus reducing the chances of getting major diseases such as liver failure and lung cancer. Lifestyle drugs market comprises of different drugs for therapeutic areas such as obesity, insomnia, dermatology, sexual dysfunction and others. However these drugs are available in various forms such as creams, gels, lotions, tablets etc. depending upon the therapeutic usage of the drug. Lifestyle Drugs market revenue is growing with a significant rate, this is attributed to increasing usage of the drugs for obesity. In addition to this, increasing prevalence of insomnia and stress leads to increase in the revenue growth of life style drugs market over the forecast period. Also increase in looks consciousness leads to increasing number of people visiting dermatologists for curing acne, baldness and wrinkles. Growing healthcare expenditure and increasing inclination of patients to opt for lifestyle drugs drives the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Increasing number of new drug launches for various ailments also drives the market for lifestyle drugs market. However higher pricing of some life style drugs along with availability of alternative treatment plans such as yoga for obesity is expected to hamper the growth of the lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Lifestyle drugs market revenue is expected to grow at a good growth rate, over the forecast period. The market is anticipated to perform well in the near future due to increasing awareness regarding various lifestyle drugs available in the market. Also the market is anticipated to grow with a fastest CAGR over the forecast period, attributed to increasing health and looks consciousness which in turn drives the revenue growth of life style drugs market. Increasing investment in R&D and increasing number of new product launches, collaborations, strategic tie-ups are the major factors estimated to drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Depending on geographic region, the Lifestyle Drugs market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is occupying the largest regional market share in the global lifestyle drugs market owing to the presence of more number of market players, high awareness levels regarding the use of various life style drugs. Increasing healthcare expenditure and relatively larger number of R&D exercises pertaining to product manufacturing and marketing activities in the region. Also Europe is expected to perform well in the near future due to increasing number of people opting for drugs to increase their aesthetic appeal which in turn drives the revenue growth of dermatology segment of lifestyle drugs market. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR because of increase in the prevalence of sexual disorders, also increase in the prevalence of baldness and premature aging drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Some of the key players of lifestyle drugs market includes Allergan, BMS, Eli Lilly, Galderma, Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Sanofi, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Johnson & Johnson etc. Many companies have entered lifestyle drugs market to target the untapped areas in the market. The companies in lifestyle drugs market are increasingly engaged in strategic partnerships, collaborations and promotional activities to capture a greater pie of market share as the market is in the nascent stage. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/14158 The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/14158 CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsHealthcare, Lifestyle Drugs Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious VIDEO: Experian plc EVP of Investor Relations and Communications, Peg Smith, Interviewed in OTCQX Video Series Next PostNext Backend as a Service (BaaS) Market Global Industry Analysis, Key Vendors, Opportunity & Forecast 2017 to 2022 Search Recent Posts 2 Lives in 3 Acts: A True Story launched Kickstarter Campaign to Seek Support! 2 Lives in 3 Acts: A True Story launched Kickstarter Campaign to Seek Support! AP allowing the singular ‘they’ Pastime Public House: The Dream Restaurant of San Diego launches Kickstarter Campaign JS Recruiting Inc Steps Forward to Discuss the Common Executive Recruitment Scam Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Data Forecast Tweet   Europe Sleep Aids Market: Industry Analysis & Opportunities Europe Sleep Aids Market by Sleep Disorder, by Product, by Medication (Prescription-based Drugs, OTC drugs and Herbal Drugs), and by Region - Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts (20162021)   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 30, 2017 ) As per the syndicated report published by Market Data Forecast, Europe Sleep Aids Market which is estimated to be USD 12.36 billion in 2016 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.5%, to reach USD 16.93 billion by 2021 with a cumulative growth rate of USD 4.57 billion in the span of five years. It can attributed to the factors such as increase in the use of alcohol, caffeine and tobacco that has been leading to sleep disorders among the population. It is one of the major factors driving the Europe sleeping aids market. For Full Report refer to: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-sleep-aids-market-1792/ Further, sleep disorder awareness initiative by various organization and increased demand for sleeping pills as a result of stressful modern lifestyle, have also contributed in the rapid growth of the Europe Sleep Aids Market Disorder . Apart from the drivers, the Sleep Aids market also faces some restraints and challenges which include, side effects associated with sleeping aids medications and patent expiration of treatment pills for sleep disorders. Request free sample: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-sleep-aids-market-1792/request-sample Everyone has trouble sleeping from time to timestressful life events like having to take a test the next day, or dealing with worries about home or work can keep you from falling asleep or staying asleep. Sleeping problems that happen once or twice a month can be annoying, but usually will resolve on their own. Sleep aids can't replace healthy sleep habits; good sleep practices are the foundation of proper treatment for insomnia. Especially if your insomnia is long-standing, it's important to use non-medical approaches, such as proper sleep hygiene, and cognitive behavioural treatments for insomnia. For some, a combination of medical and behavioural treatments may be the best way to manage insomnia symptoms, and for others a sleep aid is used at the beginning of treatment and behavioural techniques take over as a long-term approach. Some sleep aids are available by prescription only. This is because it's important to work with a doctor to decide on the best type, dose, and plan for taking a sleep aid. Over-the-counter sleep aids work for some people, but it's not a good idea to use these regularly for a long period of time. The best practice is to use a sleep aid with the input of your doctor. Buy now: https://www.marketdataforecast.com/cart/buy-now/europe-sleep-aids-market-1792 Europe Sleep Aids Market is segmented based on sleep disorder, product and medication below for obtaining a more granular perspective of the market. In the report each sub segment is provided with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts.  Sleep Disorder  Insomnia  Sleep Apnea  Restless legs syndrome  Narcolepsy  Sleep Walking  Product  Mattresses & Pillows  Sleep Laboratories  Medications  Sleep apnea devices  Medication  Prescription-based Drugs  OTC Drugs  Herbal Drugs Inquire before buying: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-sleep-aids-market-1792/inquire Europe is an amalgamation of major economies like Germany, Spain, Italy, U.K. and France among others to name a few. The report justifies this by offering country wise data for the EU5 countries while taking some other predominant economies into consideration as well (Rest of Europe). Customize Report: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-sleep-aids-market-1792/customize-report The major companies dominating the Europe Sleep Aids market are Sanofi, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Cadwell, Merck & Co., Pfizer, Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Philips), Pfizer, SleepMed, DeVilbiss Healthcare LLC, Care Fusion Corporation, Natus Medical manufactures. Request Discount: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-sleep-aids-market-1792/request-discount The Sleep Aids market study offers the following deliverables:  Regional and country-level analysis that provides an innate perspective of European region and the aforementioned countries  Meticulously identifying the key areas of market growth by providing market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations at a Segment-level analysis  Explanations of key drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) in the market and their impact on shifting market dynamics  Study of macro and micro environmental factors that affect the European market presented in the form of PESTLE and Porters Five Forces Analyses  Company overview, product portfolios, key financial information (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview of the key market players operating in the region  Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies  Expertly devised Market Outlook - Investment opportunities to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market Checkout other related studies in the Europe Pharmaceuticals Segment: Europe Anti-aging Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-anti-aging-market-1400/ Europe Anticoccidial Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-anticoccidial-drugs-market-23/ Europe Antifungal Drugs Market: http://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-anti-fungal-drugs-market-246/ The publisher of this report Market Data Forecast is well known for the services they render in the area of market research and business intelligence. With rich experience in research across various business domains, they cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Their research reports section offers a wide variety of market studies ranging from all-encompassing comprehensive market studies to product specific niche markets covering Europe among other regions of the global market as well, that too with competitive pricing options. For more info kindly visit, www.marketdataforecast.com Contact: Abhishek Shukla Sales Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Visit Market Data Forecast Blog @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/blog/ View latest Press Releases of MDF @ http://www.marketdataforecast.com/press-releases Contact Information: Market Data Forecast Abhishek Tel: +1-888- 702-9626 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Hospital-acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Hospital-acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 30, 2017 ) HAP is a type of pneumonia that is caused after 48 hours of hospitalization. HAP is one of the major challenges faced by the public healthcare system today. The disease is the second most common type of hospital-acquired infections. Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of lungs and mainly affects the microscopic air sacs called alveoli. This is primarily caused by infection by bacteria or viruses and sometimes with other microorganisms. It can be mainly distinguished on how the infection was acquired. Publisher's analysts forecast the global hospital acquired pneumonia drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 2.22% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-hospital-acquired-pneumonia-hap-drugs-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hospital acquired pneumonia drugs market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Hospital Acquired Pneumonia Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - GlaxoSmithKline - Merck - Novartis - Pfizer Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001795470/sample . Other prominent vendors - Arsanis - AstraZeneca - Combioxin - Mylan - Shinogi - Sun Pharmaceutical Industries - Teva Pharmaceutical - The Medicines Company - Theravance Biopharma Market driver - Unmet demand due to lack of available treatment for MDR microorganisms - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Growing cases of MDR microorganisms - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Combination therapy for the treatment of HAP - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001795470/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman European Hormone Replacement Therapy Market estimated at $4.10 billion in 2016 Browse And Choose From Our World Class Research Reports Market Data Forecast has published a new report “Europe Hormone Replacement Therapy Market”, according to which the market is estimated at $4.10 billion in 2016 and poised to grow $5.68 billion by 2021 with a CAGR of 6.75% in the forecast period. Hormone replacement therapy is given to some women whose estrogen and progesterone levels drop drastically due to menopause. Hormone replacement therapy tops up a woman’s levels of essential hormones. These are receptors that listens signal by hormones and causes growth in women body. There are adverse effects in hormone replacement therapy like, risk of cervical cancer, breast cancer, and uterine cancer. Estrogen replacement therapy dominated the market in 2015. Also, increasing number of women reaching the menopausal age is anticipated to drive the demand for hormone replacement treatments over the forecast period. The report provides a detailed analysis of drivers and constraints that controls growth of the market. Some of the drivers are: • Increasing awareness among the masses regarding post-menopause problems. • Currently unmet demand of medicines and therapies. • Government support in terms of policies and funding. For Full Report refer to: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-hormone-… For better understanding Hormone Replacement Therapy Market is segmented by hormone type and route of administration. Each sub segment is accompanied with Market Size Estimations and Y-o-Y Forecasts as well. The Europe hormone replacement therapy market is analyzed on the basis of hormone type into Estrogen Replacement Therapy, Growth Hormone Replacement Therapy, Thyroid replacement therapy and others. Responsible for more than half of the market revenues, the estrogen replacement therapy segment dominates the Europe market. The largest consumers of estrogen replacement therapy are post-menopausal women. Growth hormone therapy is used for children, while thyroid replacement therapies are applied to elderly people. Further, on the basis of route of administration the market is segregated under oral, parenteral, transdermal and other routes. The oral route of administration is regarded as one of the safest and most preferred routes of drug administration. Free Sample for report: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-hormone-… Geographically, the hormone replacement therapy market is analyzed under countries namely, United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy and Spain. France provides ample opportunities for hormone replacement therapy industry and with more than 50% of the women with menopause symptoms are reported to take hormone replacement therapy. Some of the key players of hormone replacement industry operating in the European Region are Pfizer, Mylan Laboratories, Novartis, Merck & Co., Bayer, Amgen, Eli Lily, Novo Nordisk, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Abbott Laboratories, Wyeth and Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical Co. Inc. Recently , Pfizer got extended approval for IBRANCE in HR+2, a drug used for breast therapy. Customization option available at: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-hormone-… The Europe Hormone Replacement Therapy Market report offers wide-range of scope: • Regional and country-level analysis that provides an individual perspective of European region and the aforementioned countries • Know more about key areas of industry growth via detailed Segment-level analysis on basis of hormone type and route of administration along with market size forecasts and y-o-y estimations • Detailed explanation of major drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges (DROC) that affect the market and impact the ever-shifting market dynamics • Strategic Analyses containing PESTLE and Porter’s Five Forces Analyses which are obtained by studying the macro & micro environmental factors that affect the market demographics • Comprehensive listing of key market players along with Company overview, product portfolios, financials (subjected to availability), SWOT analysis and analyst overview • Competitive landscape analysis listing out the mergers, acquisitions, collaborations in the field along with new product launches, comparative financial studies and recent developments in the market by the major companies • Market Outlook – Investment opportunities devised by stand in experts to provide both individuals and organizations a strong financial foothold in the market. Enquire about the report: www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/europe-hormone-… About us Market Data Forecast is a firm working in the areas of market research and business intelligence. We have rich experience in research across major industry segments like Healthcare, Agriculture, Food & Beverages etc. and we cater to the needs of both individual and corporate clients. Our research services contribute to key business areas like business process improvement, key decision making and developing appropriate corporate strategy. We are truly committed to our clients and other stakeholders for providing customized research services of the highest quality all the while being an organization that’s trusted for its integrity, respected for its accountability, and admired for its excellence, by both clients and competitors alike. Contact: Abhishek Shukla Manager (International Business Development) Market Data Forecast Direct Line: +1-888-702-9626 Mobile: +91 998 555 0206 Mail: abhishek@marketdataforecast.com Jubilee Gardens, Hyderabad, India. This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Teleste at ANGA COM 2017 – OpenRPD Initiative Drives Smooth Migration to Future Cable Networks Next PostNext Air Transport Market Trends and Forecast in Indonesia: ISIC 62 Search Recent Posts Kartoon Circus Revives Saturday Morning Television Kartoon Circus Revives Saturday Morning Television Kartoon Circus Revives Saturday Morning Television Kartoon Circus Revives Saturday Morning Television Marquee Energy Ltd. Announces Strategic Financing Transaction and Expanded 2017 Capital Program Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Technological Advancements & Global Outlook 2024 Tropical spastic paraparesis (TSP) also called as HTLV-1–associated myelopathy (HAM) is a type of tropical myeloneuropathies caused by the human T-lymphotrophic virus 1 (HTLV-1). Although initially described in tropical countries, TSP has also been found in temperate regions such as southern Japan. HTLV-1 virus belongs to the Retroviridae family, and preferentially infects CD4 lymphoid cells. The virus has been known to cause certain kinds of leukemia and lymphoma and is transmitted through exposure to infected blood, sexual contact, and use of illegal intravenous drugs. As the virus is also known to spread through breast milk, mothers infected with HTLV-1 virus must avoid breast feeding. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tropical-spastic-parap… According to an article published in the journal Frontiers in Microbiology in 2012, the HTLV-1 virus is prevalent in certain regions including the Southwestern part of Japan, sub-Saharan Africa and South America, the Caribbean area, and certain areas of Middle East and Australo-Melanesia. The study also estimates that 5 million to 10 million individuals have been affected globally with HTLV1 virus, however various other publications estimate the global prevalence of 10 million to 20 million. HTLV-1-associated myelopathy mostly affects the spinal cord, and results in an upper motor neurone syndrome, that usually affects lower limbs. Spastic paraparesis or paraplegia is the main characteristic of the infection. Tropical spastic paraparesis results in demyelination, inflammation and necrotic lesions in spinal cord. The progressive disease is associated with degeneration of neurons in the spinal cord, and results in gradual paralysis of the lower limbs. Other rare symptoms include optic atrophy, reduced ankle reflex and cranial nerve lesions. An article published in journal Revue Neurologique in 2012, more than 90% of the tropical spastic paraparesis cases, the neurological features involved urinary bladder disturbance, spasticity and/or hyperreflexia of the lower extremities, and lower extremity muscle weakness. Various immunoassay kits are available for diagnosis of HTLV-1 virus. Companies manufacturing such diagnostic kits include MP Biomedicals LLC, Fujirebio, Inc., Quest Diagnostics, DiaSorin S.p.A. Although the disease cannot be cured completely, medications are available for management of symptoms. Corticosteroids such as methylprednisolone are prescribed to decrease the inflammation of the spinal cord, while pain is treated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications. Make an Enquiry @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Symptoms of urinary dysfunction can be treated by prescribing darifenacin, oxybutynin, tamsulosin, terazosin, and other drugs which reduce the activity of bladder muscles. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) is currently conducting phase I clinical trials for Hu MiK-Beta-1. The investigational drug is monoclonal antibody directed toward IL-2/IL-15R-Beta Subunit which blocks IL-15 action. Washington University School of Medicine in association with Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. is also conducting phase II trials for Raltegravir. Various other institutes are also conducting research programs for discovering new and effective treatment options for Tropical spastic paraparesis. Scientists have also tried antiretroviral agents for treatment of HTLV-1 infections. Gradual progress in the research activities is expected to launch more treatment drugs and expand the market in the future. Due to low and restricted geographical prevalence of the disease, the market for tropical spastic paraparesis is small. Government initiative for increasing awareness of the disease and its available treatment may curb the spread of infections. Lack of sufficient information on geographical prevalence, and epidemiology has restricted the research activities. These factors will also be responsible for a slower global market growth. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Therapeutic Plasma Exchange Market: Growing Prevalence of Neurological and Inflammatory Diseases Drives the Growth of Market Next PostNext North America Hydraulic Press Market Report: Leading companies like company name, Competitive landscape & Research Forecast 2022 Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Technological Advancements & Global Outlook 2024 Tropical spastic paraparesis (TSP) also called as HTLV-1–associated myelopathy (HAM) is a type of tropical myeloneuropathies caused by the human T-lymphotrophic virus 1 (HTLV-1). Although initially described in tropical countries, TSP has also been found in temperate regions such as southern Japan. HTLV-1 virus belongs to the Retroviridae family, and preferentially infects CD4 lymphoid cells. The virus has been known to cause certain kinds of leukemia and lymphoma and is transmitted through exposure to infected blood, sexual contact, and use of illegal intravenous drugs. As the virus is also known to spread through breast milk, mothers infected with HTLV-1 virus must avoid breast feeding. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tropical-spastic-parap… According to an article published in the journal Frontiers in Microbiology in 2012, the HTLV-1 virus is prevalent in certain regions including the Southwestern part of Japan, sub-Saharan Africa and South America, the Caribbean area, and certain areas of Middle East and Australo-Melanesia. The study also estimates that 5 million to 10 million individuals have been affected globally with HTLV1 virus, however various other publications estimate the global prevalence of 10 million to 20 million. HTLV-1-associated myelopathy mostly affects the spinal cord, and results in an upper motor neurone syndrome, that usually affects lower limbs. Spastic paraparesis or paraplegia is the main characteristic of the infection. Tropical spastic paraparesis results in demyelination, inflammation and necrotic lesions in spinal cord. The progressive disease is associated with degeneration of neurons in the spinal cord, and results in gradual paralysis of the lower limbs. Other rare symptoms include optic atrophy, reduced ankle reflex and cranial nerve lesions. An article published in journal Revue Neurologique in 2012, more than 90% of the tropical spastic paraparesis cases, the neurological features involved urinary bladder disturbance, spasticity and/or hyperreflexia of the lower extremities, and lower extremity muscle weakness. Various immunoassay kits are available for diagnosis of HTLV-1 virus. Companies manufacturing such diagnostic kits include MP Biomedicals LLC, Fujirebio, Inc., Quest Diagnostics, DiaSorin S.p.A. Although the disease cannot be cured completely, medications are available for management of symptoms. Corticosteroids such as methylprednisolone are prescribed to decrease the inflammation of the spinal cord, while pain is treated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications. Make an Enquiry @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Symptoms of urinary dysfunction can be treated by prescribing darifenacin, oxybutynin, tamsulosin, terazosin, and other drugs which reduce the activity of bladder muscles. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) is currently conducting phase I clinical trials for Hu MiK-Beta-1. The investigational drug is monoclonal antibody directed toward IL-2/IL-15R-Beta Subunit which blocks IL-15 action. Washington University School of Medicine in association with Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. is also conducting phase II trials for Raltegravir. Various other institutes are also conducting research programs for discovering new and effective treatment options for Tropical spastic paraparesis. Scientists have also tried antiretroviral agents for treatment of HTLV-1 infections. Gradual progress in the research activities is expected to launch more treatment drugs and expand the market in the future. Due to low and restricted geographical prevalence of the disease, the market for tropical spastic paraparesis is small. Government initiative for increasing awareness of the disease and its available treatment may curb the spread of infections. Lack of sufficient information on geographical prevalence, and epidemiology has restricted the research activities. These factors will also be responsible for a slower global market growth. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Therapeutic Plasma Exchange Market: Growing Prevalence of Neurological and Inflammatory Diseases Drives the Growth of Market Next PostNext North America Hydraulic Press Market Report: Leading companies like company name, Competitive landscape & Research Forecast 2022 Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Tropical Spastic Paraparesis Market: Technological Advancements & Global Outlook 2024 Tropical spastic paraparesis (TSP) also called as HTLV-1–associated myelopathy (HAM) is a type of tropical myeloneuropathies caused by the human T-lymphotrophic virus 1 (HTLV-1). Although initially described in tropical countries, TSP has also been found in temperate regions such as southern Japan. HTLV-1 virus belongs to the Retroviridae family, and preferentially infects CD4 lymphoid cells. The virus has been known to cause certain kinds of leukemia and lymphoma and is transmitted through exposure to infected blood, sexual contact, and use of illegal intravenous drugs. As the virus is also known to spread through breast milk, mothers infected with HTLV-1 virus must avoid breast feeding. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tropical-spastic-parap… According to an article published in the journal Frontiers in Microbiology in 2012, the HTLV-1 virus is prevalent in certain regions including the Southwestern part of Japan, sub-Saharan Africa and South America, the Caribbean area, and certain areas of Middle East and Australo-Melanesia. The study also estimates that 5 million to 10 million individuals have been affected globally with HTLV1 virus, however various other publications estimate the global prevalence of 10 million to 20 million. HTLV-1-associated myelopathy mostly affects the spinal cord, and results in an upper motor neurone syndrome, that usually affects lower limbs. Spastic paraparesis or paraplegia is the main characteristic of the infection. Tropical spastic paraparesis results in demyelination, inflammation and necrotic lesions in spinal cord. The progressive disease is associated with degeneration of neurons in the spinal cord, and results in gradual paralysis of the lower limbs. Other rare symptoms include optic atrophy, reduced ankle reflex and cranial nerve lesions. An article published in journal Revue Neurologique in 2012, more than 90% of the tropical spastic paraparesis cases, the neurological features involved urinary bladder disturbance, spasticity and/or hyperreflexia of the lower extremities, and lower extremity muscle weakness. Various immunoassay kits are available for diagnosis of HTLV-1 virus. Companies manufacturing such diagnostic kits include MP Biomedicals LLC, Fujirebio, Inc., Quest Diagnostics, DiaSorin S.p.A. Although the disease cannot be cured completely, medications are available for management of symptoms. Corticosteroids such as methylprednisolone are prescribed to decrease the inflammation of the spinal cord, while pain is treated with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications. Make an Enquiry @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Symptoms of urinary dysfunction can be treated by prescribing darifenacin, oxybutynin, tamsulosin, terazosin, and other drugs which reduce the activity of bladder muscles. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) is currently conducting phase I clinical trials for Hu MiK-Beta-1. The investigational drug is monoclonal antibody directed toward IL-2/IL-15R-Beta Subunit which blocks IL-15 action. Washington University School of Medicine in association with Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. is also conducting phase II trials for Raltegravir. Various other institutes are also conducting research programs for discovering new and effective treatment options for Tropical spastic paraparesis. Scientists have also tried antiretroviral agents for treatment of HTLV-1 infections. Gradual progress in the research activities is expected to launch more treatment drugs and expand the market in the future. Due to low and restricted geographical prevalence of the disease, the market for tropical spastic paraparesis is small. Government initiative for increasing awareness of the disease and its available treatment may curb the spread of infections. Lack of sufficient information on geographical prevalence, and epidemiology has restricted the research activities. These factors will also be responsible for a slower global market growth. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Therapeutic Plasma Exchange Market: Growing Prevalence of Neurological and Inflammatory Diseases Drives the Growth of Market Next PostNext North America Hydraulic Press Market Report: Leading companies like company name, Competitive landscape & Research Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Europe Calcium Silicate Boards Sales Market- Rath Incorporated, Yantai Haohai, CALSITHERM Silikatbaustoffe, Laizhou Mingfa United States Ceramic Tiles Market- Florida Tile, Mohawk Industries, Crossville Inc, Iris Ceramica, Interceramic Crucial Announces 128GB DDR4 LRDIMM Server Memory United States Cork Stoppers Market- Portocork America, Jelinek Cork Group, Corticeira Amorim, Rich Xiberta, Nomacorc CINZ launches Education Hub at MEETINGS 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress

X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Britain backs first-line use of Merck's Keytruda under cancer fund Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue May 30, 2017 | 7:01pm EDT Britain backs first-line use of Merck's Keytruda under cancer fund LONDON May 31 Britain's cost-effectiveness agency NICE has decided that Merck & Co's immunotherapy drug Keytruda can be used in previously untreated lung cancer patients under special funding arrangements. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) said on Wednesday that it could not recommend routine use of the medicine in newly diagnosed patients, given the drug's high cost and uncertainties about overall survival benefits. But the agency backed Keytruda use within the Cancer Drugs Fund, signalling that it had the potential to satisfy the criteria for routine use on the National Health Service (NHS) for this group of patients but needs more investigation. The decision follows data presented at a medical meeting last year showing that Keytruda could help lung cancer patients whose tumours have a high level of a protein called PD-L1, which makes them more receptive to immunotherapy. Keytruda is already approved as a cost-effective second-line treatment for patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer who have previously taken chemotherapy but no longer respond. MSD, as Merck is known outside North America, has agreed to provide Keytruda to the NHS at an undisclosed discount. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by David Goodman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News Nikkei hit by weak US shares, sour mood in Europe; mining shares underperform TOKYO, May 31 Japanese stocks slipped on Wednesday after weakness in U.S. shares and a stronger yen hurt sentiment, while sliding oil prices dragged down the mining sector. BRIEF-Moody's maintains negative outlook on Bahrain's banking system * Moody's on Bahrain- expect modest pressure on asset quality over outlook period, problem loans rising to about 7.0% of gross loans from 6.3% at 2016 end (adds missing space) Saudi Aramco signs joint venture deal to build shipyard DUBAI, May 31 Saudi Aramco said on Wednesday it had signed a joint venture agreement with three firms to build a shipyard on the kingdom's east coast, part of the government's drive to diversify the economy beyond oil. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS Daily Sabah > Business Close Novartis has assets to sell for $50B, but investors wary of what it might buy REUTERS ZURICH Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE As Novartis considers asset sales that could raise $50 billion, investors are worried any cash raised may give the Swiss drugmaker firepower for another unsuccessful megadeal. Novartis's $52 billion takeover of U.S.-based eye care giant Alcon, completed in 2011, saddled it with a business whose sales and profit have faltered two years running. Now, Chief Executive Joe Jimenez is reviewing Alcon's surgical devices and contact lens businesses, suggesting they could be valued at $25-$35 billion if he unloads them. The American CEO is also considering disposal of a roughly $14 billion stake in cross-town rival Roche, as well as his over-the-counter (OTC) drugs venture with GlaxoSmithKline , worth some $10 billion. Given Alcon missteps, however, investors are wary about arming Novartis with a pile of cash, for fear managers eager to refocus on cancer drugs as they address a sales hit from patent expiries might blunder into a big takeover. "We would applaud selling those stakes, generally," said Stephen Anness of Invesco Perpetual, Novartis's 23rd largest shareholder, according to Thomson Reuters data. "But what do you do with that money?" Anness said. "I would be very cautious about selling stakes...in things to raise a war-chest to go and do a massive deal, only for that deal to go and be another poor deal." To be sure, Jimenez has said Novartis's M&A focus remains on smaller transactions, including lower-risk drug licensing deals, ranging up to $5 billion. Still, Jimenez has not dismissed the notion of a larger transaction. He suggested last year the Roche stake - amassed during former chairman and CEO Daniel Vasella's unrequited merger aspirations two decades ago - could be sold once another, potentially more significant transaction is lined up to absorb the proceeds. "We're always monitoring what's going on but have not changed our position regarding our M&A strategy or potential disposals," Novartis spokesman Michael Willi told Reuters. Novartis, which is holding a two-day investor event in Boston yesterday and today, has portfolio holes a major deal could help fill. Where rivals including Roche, Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb have immuno-oncology drugs (I-O) on the market for a range of cancers, Novartis has only investigational molecules in this hot new therapy area. Speculation that Novartis might buy AstraZeneca sparked a brief jump in the British company's stock last year. There has also been talk of its interest in Bristol-Myers. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Business A chess-playing robot stole the show as Asia's largest tech fair kicked... Next in Business The World health body said it should be mandatory for tobacco companies... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Tourism sector begins to show signs of recovery Fuel company TP to spend $100M on station investments Indian film industry, Bollywood, seeking locations to shoot films in Turkey Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Sponsored Content Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 The Future of Higher Education General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes Icon Honors NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Health Care Power 75 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Health Care & Pharma CytoSorbents changing chief medical officers By Eric Strauss, May 30, 2017 at 11:08 AM CytoSorbents Corp., a Monmouth Junction-based immunotherapy business, has hired a former Pfizer executive as chief medical officer, replacing its retiring CMO, it announced Tuesday. Dr. Eric G. Mortensen will start in his new job June 1, the company said. From 2014 to 2016, he had been vice president and therapeutic area clinical head for inflammation and immunology at Pfizer, leading its global, late-stage development organization for programs in inflammatory diseases. “Dr. Mortensen has led clinical development of key programs for some of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world,” CEO Dr. Phillip Chan said in a prepared statement. “… He brings more than two decades of proven and successful clinical trial development expertise to the company, as well as a wealth of knowledge and experience in immunology, inflammation and clinical medicine.” He replaces Dr. Robert H. Bartlett, who is retiring, but will continue on as a company consultant, as well as co-chair of the cardiac surgery advisory board, through the CytoSorb product’s next anticipated cardiac surgery trial, Refresh 2. “For nearly nine years, Dr. Bartlett has served as chief medical officer of CytoSorbents, and has helped guide the company through multiple key clinical studies, including the successfully completed Refresh 1 cardiac surgery trial, our European Union approval of CytoSorb and commercialization of CytoSorb worldwide,” Chan said. “A trusted adviser, an experienced and practiced clinician and a legend in the field of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, we are pleased to continue working with Dr. Bartlett on a consulting basis.” Mortensen has also held executive positions with Xeljanz and Enbrel, as well as working on clinical programs and studies at GlaxoSmithKline and Merck Research Laboratories. “CytoSorbents is at an exciting phase in the clinical and scientific validation of its unique immunotherapy approach, and I am eager to contribute my significant clinical development experience to advance this important technology,” he said in a statement. Also Popular on NJBIZ • Newark Museum reopening Washington Street doors as part of $5.5M project • Editorial: 'Sarlo Solution' could actually resolve hospital tax flap • Triple Play: Work perks employees are most interested in and what a company can do to meet them • N.J.'s director of homeland security stepping down Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Eric Strauss Follow @acerimrat Eric Strauss is the Managing Editor of NJBIZ. He has been a reporter and editor for newspapers in New Jersey and Pennsylvania, as well as for a number of websites. You can contact him at erics@njbiz.com. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com German biotech company Evotec picks Princeton for U.S. HQ, talks about expansion Industry Insights: The 101 on surprise medical bills Bancroft announces senior project manager Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 New leadership for RWJUH hospitals in New Brunswick, Somerset 2 Leading Women Entrepreneurs announces 2017 honorees 3 German biotech company Evotec picks Princeton for U.S. HQ, talks about expansion 4 Industry Insights: The 101 on surprise medical bills 5 Fragrance firm moving U.S. HQ to Parsippany Featured News Rider names College of Business Administration's interim dean to full-time role New leadership for RWJUH hospitals in New Brunswick, Somerset Fragrance firm moving U.S. HQ to Parsippany Newark Museum reopening Washington Street doors as part of $5.5M project Gebroe-Hammer completes sales in the Rosevilles V12 Data promotes EVP to chief revenue officer NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market Analysis and Forecast, By Indication 2024 U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market: Snapshot The U.S. and China market for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) drugs is expected to exhibit growth at a steady pace in the next few years. Factors such as a significant rise prevalence of COPD and asthma in these two countries, advancements in diagnostic methods, and rising awareness among patients regarding the available treatment methods are considered key to the overall growth of the market over the period 2016–2024. This 101 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market. Browse through 7 data tables and 30 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-china-asthma-copd-d… The market is expected to exhibit growth at a moderate pace in the first few years of the forecast period, chiefly owing to the patent expiries of leading drugs and the subsequent price erosion. However, the market is expected to witness new drug candidates by 2020, which will help the market tread along a better growth path in the forthcoming years. Transparency Market Research estimates that the market will exhibit a 4.1% CAGR from 2016 through 2024, rising to a valuation of US$18.7 bn by 2024 from US$13.0 bn in 2015. Combination Drugs Sales to Constitute Bulk of Revenue On the basis of drug classes in the U.S. and China asthma and COPD drugs market, the report examines the future scope of growth for varieties such as bronchodilators, anti-inflammatory drugs, monoclonal antibodies, and combination drugs. Of these, the segment of combination drugs is presently the leading segment. It accounted for a 54% of the U.S. and China asthma and COPD drugs market in 2015 and is expected to continue to dominate throughout the report’s forecast period. Combination drugs benefit from the recommendations from agencies such as Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) and Global Initiative for Asthma (GINA), which regard combination drugs as the safer course of managing asthma and COPD. The segment of monoclonal antibodies is expected to emerge as a prominent drug class for the management of asthma and COPD in the next few years. Emergence of new drug candidates in this segment will bolster its growth potential in the market during the report’s forecast period. High Costs of Asthma and COPD Drugs and Consumer Awareness make U.S. the Clear Leader In the U.S. and China market for asthma and COPD drugs, the U.S. market clearly dominates, accounting for a more than 81% of the overall market in 2016. The key factors to have benefitted the U.S. market, despite it being a relatively smaller market in terms of population, include the high costs of asthma and COPD drugs and a high level of attentiveness paid by consumers to healthcare and wellness. The U.S. market also contributes significantly to the overall asthma and COPD drugs market through regular product launches and high investments by leading companies for R&D in the areas of combination therapies and biologics. Although China presently accounts for a relatively smaller share in the U.S. and China asthma and COPD drugs market, the country is expected to present attractive growth opportunities in the next few years. The China market for asthma and COPD drugs will exhibit an impressive 10% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024. The key factors attributable to this projection are the rising number of asthma patients, owing chiefly to rising levels of air pollution, and a vast array of unmet medical needs. The rising prevalence of COPD in the country is chiefly owing to the high and rising number of smokers. The China market for asthma and COPD drugs also comes across as a more attractive market than the U.S. market owing to a low level of competition and high rate of growth. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market by 2024: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Some of the leading vendors presently operating in the U.S. and China asthma and COPD drugs market profiled in the report are Boehringer Ingelheim, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck and Co., Inc., Novartis AG, AstraZeneca plc, and F. Hoffmann-La Roche. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pharmacy Automation Market – Forecasts from 2017 to 2022 – Key Players are Omnicell, Swisslog, McKesson, Parata & ScriptPro – Research and Markets Next PostNext BYOD Security Market Demand, Top Players Analysis, Worldwide Foresight Report to 2023 Search Recent Posts Tetra Bio-Pharma Strengthens its Board with the Appointment of Dr. Bill Cheliak Element Issues US$1.2 Billion of Rated ABS Term Notes Through Chesapeake II SMART Global Holdings, Inc. Announces Closing of its Initial Public Offering Capstone Turbine to Announce Fourth Quarter & Fiscal Year 2017 Results on June 13, 2017 Thermoformed Plastic Is Appraised to Be Valued US $11.2 Billion by 2016 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Personalized Medicine, Targeted Therapeutics & Healthcare Market to 2021 . Personalized Medicine Pharmaceutical and Healthcare 2021 PUNE, INDIA, May 30, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Description Personalized Medicine. Targeted Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostic Market- A Strategic Analysis of Industry Trends, Technologies, Participants, and Environment to 2021” (published May 2017) Research forecasts that the companion diagnostic and targeted therapeutic submarkets of the personalized medicine industry were worth $113 billion in 2016, and will hit over $162 billion by 2021 with a CAGR of 8.74%. The total personalised therapeutic market, for all indications, will be worth $x billion by 2021, with a CAGR of x%. Currently it is estimated that the companion diagnostic segment is worth $x billion globally, mainly coming from oncology, cardiovascular and infectious disease (HIV/HCV) tests. This is set to rise vertically over the next five years and by 2021 will be worth over $x billion, with a CAGR of x%. GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1309114-personalized-medicine-targeted-therapeutics-companion-diagnostic-market-to-2021 Advancing technologies within the liquid biopsy market is also driving the market and will see strategic growth over the next five years with a CAGR of 20.6%. The two segments of the liquid biopsy market are tumor cell enrichment products and tumor cell detection technologies. Individualized, targeted or personalized medicine aims to increase the efficacy of therapeutics via genetic testing and companion diagnostics. Personalized therapeutics and associated companion diagnostics are more specific and effective thereby giving pharma/biotech companies a significant advantage to recuperate R&D costs. Personalized medicine reduces the frequency of adverse drug reactions and therefore has a dramatic impact on health economics. Developmental and diagnostic companies benefit from lower discovery and commercialization costs and more specific market subtypes. This new report gives a comprehensive account of the market size, segmentation, key players, SWOT analysis, influential technologies, and business and economic environments. The report is supported by over 360 tables & figures over 397 pages. The personalized medicine market is presented as follows: By Company (e.g., QIAGEN, AFFYMETRIX, ATOSSA GENETICS, NODALITY, deCode /Amgen, CELERA, MYRIAD) By Segment (Targeted therapeutics, Companion Diagnostics) By Sub-market (Companion diagnostic, targeted cancer therapeutic, medical technology, pharmacogenomics, consumer genomics, molecular diagnostics, liquid biopsy) By Therapy (Cancer, Cardiovascular, Infectious Disease) Key Opinion Leaders that contributed to interview questions within the report include: Iain D. Miller, PhD, MBA, Founder & CEO, Healthcare Strategies Group Stephen Finn, MBBS, PhD, Associate Professor, Cancer Molecular Diagnostic Laboratory, Consultant Histopathologist and Head of Histopathology, St James’s Hospital and Trinity College Dublin, Ireland Ronald Przygodzki, MD, Director, Genomic Medicine Implementation at U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Washington DC Elaine Kenny, PhD, Founder, Elda Biotech, Dublin, Ireland Chad Clark, Co-President and Chief Operating Officer, Precision for Medicine Tobias Guennel, PhD, Principal, Biomarker and IVD Analytics, Precision for Medicine David Parker, PhD, Vice President, Integrated Market Access, Precision for Medicine Deborah Phippard, PhD, Vice President, Research, Precision for Medicine Judi Smith, MS, Vice President, In Vitro Diagnostics Regulatory and Quality, Precision for Medicine A wealth of financial data & business strategy information is provided including: Company Financials, Sales & Revenue Figures Business Model Strategies for Diagnostic, Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Companies Business Model Strategies for Providers. Provider Systems and Academic Medical Centres Business Model Strategies for Payers & Governments Private and Public Funding and Personalized Medicine Reimbursement Revisions to Current Payment Systems and Intellectual Property How to Gain Market Penetration in the EU Cost-effectiveness and Business Value of Personalized Medicine Consumer genomics and POC market Therapeutics and Companion Diagnostics (e.g., BRAC Analysis, Oncotype Dx , KRAS Mutations) Comprehensive Account of Company Product Portfolios & Kits SWOT, Economic & Regulatory Environment specifics include: Key Strengths, Weaknesses and Threats Influencing Leading Player Position within the Market Technologies Driving the Market (e.g., New-Generation Sequencing Technologies, Ultra-High Throughput Sequencing) Top Fastest Growing Market Segments and Emerging Opportunities Top Pharmaceutical Companies within the IPM by Market Share and Revenue Comprehensive Product Portfolios, R&D Activity and Pipeline Therapeutics M&A Activity and Future Strategies of Top Personalized Medicine Pharmacos Personalized Medicine Regulation (UK, Germany, France, Spain, Italy) CE-Marked Personalized Medicine/Diagnostic Tests FDA Advances in Personalized Medicine Regulation This report highlights a number of significant players and influential company’s and gives details of their operations, products, financials and business strategy. 23andMe Abbott Laboratories Abbott Molecular Inc. Admera Health (GENEWIZ) Affymetrix Agendia Alere Amgen Astex Pharmaceuticals AstraZeneca Atossa Genetics Becton Dickenson bioMerieux BristolMyersSquibb Cancer Genetics Celera (Quest Diagnostics) Celldex Therapeutics Claritas Genomics CuraGen Danaher (Leica Biosystems) deCode Genetics (Amgen) Foundation Medicine EDP Biotech Eli Lilly ELDA BioTech Eisai Genelex GlaxoSmithKline Human Longevity Inc (Cypher Genomics) HalioDx Ikonisys Illumina InterGenetics Johnson & Johnson LabCorp Life Technologies Merck MDxHealth MolecularMD Corporation Monogram Biosciences Myriad Updates on the personalized medicine, targeted therapeutic and companion diagnostic space have been included in this latest edition to include cutting edge material from international conferences, workshops and symposia. Who should read this report? Pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic companies with an interest in personalized medicine Industry professionals and business strategists will discover key information to propel their policies Investors will gain inside information to dominant players in the industry and future forecasts Scientists will get a business perspective and industry insight into how scientific breakthroughs influence the market environment This report will tell you if the companies mentioned are: Strong, competitive players Pooling their resources for specific growth and therapeutic areas Investing strategically in R&D Have a history of strategic M&A activity This detailed report is supported with over 365 tables & figures over 397 pages and profiles the main pharmacos in personalized medicine. …Continued ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1309114-personalized-medicine-targeted-therapeutics-companion-diagnostic-market-to-2021 Get in touch: LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/4828928 Twitter: https://twitter.com/WiseGuyReports Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Wiseguyreports-1009007869213183/?fref=ts Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Norway Royal Salmon ASA: Dividend information Next PostNext NFP Acquires Bigbie, Hensley & Janway Insurance Agency Search Recent Posts NPT annual profit falls 63% NZ Business Confidence Release Kiwi startup launches craft DIY for the rest of us Presbia to Participate in Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference Smart City Asia Pacific Awards 2017 Opens Public Voting for the Best Smart City Projects in Asia Pacific Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Xencor to Present at Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference News provided by Xencor, Inc. 30 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article MONROVIA, Calif., May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Xencor, Inc. (NASDAQ: XNCR), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer, today announced that Bassil Dahiyat, Ph.D., president and chief executive officer, will present at the Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference on Tuesday, June 6, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET in New York, NY. A live webcast of the presentation will be available on the "Events & Presentations" section in the Investors section of the Company's website located at http://investors.xencor.com/events.cfm. A replay of the presentation will be posted on the Xencor website approximately one hour after the live event and will be available for 30 days following the presentation. About Xencor, Inc. Xencor is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing engineered monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, asthma and allergic diseases and cancer. Currently, 11 candidates engineered with Xencor's XmAb® technology are in clinical development internally and with partners. Xencor's internal programs include: XmAb®5871 in Phase 2 development for the treatment of IgG4-Related Disease, and also for the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; XmAb®7195 in Phase 1 development for the treatment of asthma and allergic diseases; XmAb®14045 in Phase 1 development for acute myeloid leukemia; XmAb®13676 in Phase 1 development for B-cell malignancies; XmAb®18087 in pre-clinical development for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors; and XmAb®20717 in pre-clinical development for the treatment of multiple cancers. Xencor's XmAb antibody engineering technology enables small changes to the structure of monoclonal antibodies resulting in new mechanisms of therapeutic action.  Xencor partners include Novartis, Amgen, MorphoSys, Merck, CSL/Janssen, Alexion and Boehringer Ingelheim. For more information, please visit www.xencor.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xencor-to-present-at-jefferies-2017-global-healthcare-conference-300463563.html SOURCE Xencor, Inc. Related Links http://www.xencor.com/ 11 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Xencor's Lead Drug Candidate, XmAb5871, Receives Orphan Drug Designation from FDA for Treatment of IgG4-Related Disease My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09 May, 2017, 16:01 ET Xencor's Lead Drug Candidate, XmAb5871, Receives Orphan Drug... 09 May, 2017, 16:01 ET Xencor Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Explore More news releases in similar topics Biotechnology Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Trade Show News You just read: Xencor to Present at Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference News provided by Xencor, Inc. 30 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * SA-BRC * Companion Animal Health * More Tags... Industry News * Health * More Industries... News By Place * Pune   Maharashtra   India * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th 31 30 29 28 27 26 25 Report Focuses On The Global Emerging Demand For Companion Animal Healthcare Products SA-BRC is pleased to announce the initiation of research on "Global Farm & Companion Animal Health Market".     sa_brc   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • SA-BRC • Companion Animal Health Industry: • Health Location: • Pune - Maharashtra - IndiaPUNE, India - May 30, 2017 - PRLog -- Veterinary healthcare products include pharmaceuticals, nutrition (feed additives) and devices for both companion and livestock animals. Companion animals include pets such as dogs, cats and horses; although in recent years the market has expanded reasonably for avian pets, reptiles and exotic fish. The healthcare products have transformed the health and quality of life for millions of pets across the world. The greatest challenge of maintaining pets is seeking the keenness to understand if an animal is sick and creating the proper diagnostic tests to look out for the most likely illness that affects the animal. Due to environmental factors such as the weather, flora and fauna in the immediate vicinity, each veterinary medical professional has to rely on knowledge of the surroundings and each case of illness in different region presents specific challenges for treatment. Meanwhile, the range of products for animal health keep increasing with newer anti-infectives, anti-bacterials, anti-parasitics, reproductive aids, prosthetics, and topical solutions and imaging devices. This report focuses on the global emerging demand for companion animal healthcare products. Conventionally the companion animal segment received low attention due to sheer lack of volume associated since only households with stable income. In 2012, U.S. households had approximately 160 million pets and spent close to US$ 500 annually on preliminary veterinary visits and can spend up to US$ 10,000 for taking care of serious illnesses. Surgeries such as cataract and insulin injections along with pain management medications are a regular norm now. Yet, this is a stark picture in front of the actual potential worldwide, since a significant percentage of households in developing countries and negligible number of welfare and adoption centres. There are over 10,000 animal shelters across North America and EU5, and maintain health of companion animals such as dogs and cats. The annual expenditure on healthcare products of a shelter housing 30-40 animals spends approximately US$ 50,000 annually to operate whereas large sized shelters that can handle over 1000 animals spend approximately US$ 500,000 each year. In emerging countries, awareness of animal illnesses is increasing drastically prompting significant expenditure for animal care. Request Free Report Sample@ http://www.sa-brc.com/Global-Farm--Companion-Animal-Healt... Key segments in this market include animal vaccines, nutrition and dietary products along with pharmaceuticals. In United States, the Dept. of Agriculture sets regulations for these products whereas in United Kingdom, the Veterinary Medicines Directorate (VMD) which is part of the Department of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra). The VMD is also responsible for regulating and tracking drug resistance in animals. However, unlike drug resistance in humans which is found to be severe in several cases, the drug resistance in animals does not hold any clinical problems. The overall market for companion animal health market is highly fragmented with well over 50 competitors that includes players such as Avian Biotech International, Dechra Pharmaceuticals, Elandco Animal Health, Merck & Co., Lohmann Animal Health, DuPont Qualicon, Virbac SA, Novartis Animal Health, Novus International, Elanco, Zoetis, Bayer Animal Health, Merial, Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica, Ceva Sante Animale, Vetoquinol, Biobest Laboratories and Ortho-Equine. Request For TOC@ http://www.sa-brc.com/Global-Farm--Companion-Animal-Healt... NOTE: This report is currently under research and will be made available to clients on request. Contact Lucas Jones ***@sa-brc.com End Source : SA-BRC Email : ***@sa-brc.com Tags : SA-BRC, Companion Animal Health Industry : Health Location : Pune - Maharashtra - India Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse SA-BRC PRs Growing Focus on Bio-Hacking Life Forms Driving CRISPR Products and Services Market Stryker and Hill-Rom are the Leading Players in the Hospital Stretchers Market Next Generation Sequencing Market Is Expected To Reach US$ 7,527.0 Mn By 2021 Coronary and Peripheral Vascular Stents Market Demand and Trends Till 2021 Europe and Asia Region Comprise 30%-35% of the Global Apheresis Systems Market Share Trending News Dads Just as Good as Moms?! Here's Why....#DaddyKnowsToo! Dads Just as Good as Moms?! Here's Why....#DaddyKnowsToo! Galileoscopes & Solar Filters Available for August 2017 Solar Eclipse Peachtree Immediate Care Opens its Eighteenth Urgent Care Center CSA Medical Announces Expansion of truFreeze Label to Include Barrett's Esophagus with High Grade Dysplasia Top Daily News New Jersey Teamsters FC Announce Hiring of Joe Santella as New Director of Operations - 330 views SKA Consulting Engineers Continues Aggressive Growth Plan with Five New Hires Across Regional Offices - 270 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Western Conference Expansion with L.A. Roma Spartans FC - 269 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 244 views Hoag Orthopedic Institute Named 'Best Place to Work in Healthcare' by Modern Healthcare - 162 views Top Weekly News BlogPaws Announces 2017 Pet Blogging and Social Media Award Winners - 982 views Strategic Micro Systems and Datto partner with New Country Competizione & the North American Ferrari Challenge Series - 975 views LGBTQ Authors Tour of Color Kicks Off Tour in Memphis on Saturday, June 17 - 634 views Networking Opportunities Garner Spotlight at N! North America Connecting Days 2017 - 484 views Final Few Homes Remain at Lennar's Rowland at Beacon Park - 375 views Top Daily News New Jersey Teamsters FC Announce Hiring of Joe Santella as New Director of Operations - 330 views SKA Consulting Engineers Continues Aggressive Growth Plan with Five New Hires Across Regional Offices - 270 views United Premier Soccer League Announces Western Conference Expansion with L.A. Roma Spartans FC - 269 views L.A. Wolves FC Focus On U.S. Open Cup Third Round Game vs. Orange County SC in 'Freeway Classico' - 244 views Hoag Orthopedic Institute Named 'Best Place to Work in Healthcare' by Modern Healthcare - 162 views Top Weekly News BlogPaws Announces 2017 Pet Blogging and Social Media Award Winners - 982 views Strategic Micro Systems and Datto partner with New Country Competizione & the North American Ferrari Challenge Series - 975 views LGBTQ Authors Tour of Color Kicks Off Tour in Memphis on Saturday, June 17 - 634 views Networking Opportunities Garner Spotlight at N! North America Connecting Days 2017 - 484 views Final Few Homes Remain at Lennar's Rowland at Beacon Park - 375 views PTC News Final Few Homes Remain at Lennar's Rowland at Beacon Park - 375 views Lennar's Tribeca at Central Park West Launches Pre-Sales - 335 views Wizard World Breaks Out Anime Pavilion, New Initiatives In Philadelphia, June 1-4 - 315 views Tekken 7 Launch Event, Tournaments Highlight Gaming At Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia - 254 views Entertainment Schedule Set For Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, Thursday through Sunday - 173 views May 30, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Antibacterial Drugs Market: Business Challenges, Emerging Technologies & Competitive Landscape A new market research study, titled “Antibacterial Drugs Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2023,” has been published by Transparency Market Research. As per the study, in 2014, the global antibacterial drugs market was worth US$43.9 bn. The market is projected to exhibit a 1.30% CAGR between 2015 and 2023, declining in value to touch US$38.9 bn by the end of 2023. An antibacterial drug is an antimicrobial agent that interferes with the reproduction and growth of bacteria. The growth of this bacteria can cause severe infections in animals and humans. The administration of antibacterial drugs helps in inhibiting the growth of the bacteria or completely killing it. At present, several antibacterial drugs in different formulations are available and are widely used for treating tuberculosis, legionellosis, like pneumonia, diarrhea, diphtheria, tetanus, and other diseases. Some of the prominent consumers of the global antibacterial drugs market are private clinics, hospitals, patients, and physicians. This 110 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the antibacterial drugs market. Browse through 9 data tables and 40 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antibacterial-drugs-ma… The growing prevalence of infections and other diseases across the globe and increasing government support for research and development activities are some of the key drivers of the global antibacterial drugs market. However, the upcoming patent expirations and growth in drug-resistant species are projected to curtail the growth of the market in the coming years. The decline in the markets valuations will primarily be attributable to this negative factor. In 2014, the β-lactams segment accounted for a 58% share in the global antibacterial drugs market and is estimated to be in the topmost position in the next few years. In the same year, the quinolones segment accounted for a 17% share in the global market and is expected to exhibit negative growth rate in the forecast period. Furthermore, the miscellaneous antibacterial segment is projected to witness significant growth owing to the growing demand for therapies against bacterial infections and rising geriatric population. The strong pipeline in the global antibacterial drugs market includes RHB-105, Eravacycline, Ozenoxacin, Arikace, Carbavance (meropenem/RPX7009), Surotomycin (MK-4261), SYM-1219, Solithromycin (CEM-101), Plazomycin, Ciprofloxacin/Fluocinolone Acetonide, SPL7013, Actoxumab/Aezlotoxumab, (MK-3415A), Omadacycline (PTK-0796), Zempia (E-101), Cadazolid, Delafloxacin, and Delamanid. The major players are making constant efforts to commercialize these drugs, which is estimated to propel the global antibacterial drugs market in the near future. At present, Asia Pacific accounts for the largest share in the global antibacterial drugs market and is projected to grow at a fast pace throughout the forecast period. The rapid growth of this region can be attributed to the strong presence of generic pharmaceutical ingredients and generic manufacturers, a growing geriatric population, and expanding population. In addition, the growing incidence of several bacterial infections including MRSA and TB, developing healthcare infrastructure, and rising purchasing power of consumers are some of the other factors anticipated to drive global antibacterial drugs market in the coming years. Request a sample of this report to know what opportunities will emerge in the rapidly evolving antibacterial drugs market during 2015 – 2023: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Asia Pacific is followed by North America and Europe. These regions are expected to witness sluggish growth throughout the forecast period. The slow-paced growth of the North America and Europe antibacterial drugs markets can be attributed to the strict regulatory requirements, market maturity, and shortened product lifecycle. The prominent players engaged in the global antibacterial drugs market include Bayer AG, Forest Laboratories, Inc., Allergan plc, Johnson & Johnson, AstraZeneca plc, Sanofi, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly & Co., Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., and Pfizer, Inc. These players are leading the overall market and witnessing intense competition amongst each other. Among these players, Pfizer, Inc. is considered as a dominant player owing to its significant contribution towards the global antibacterial drugs market. About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Broadcasting Equipment Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Next PostNext Middle East Conveyor Belts Market Anticipated to Be Valued at US$ 242.7 Mn by 2026 Search Recent Posts Activision Blizzard Extends Exchange Offer with Respect to Certain of Its Senior Notes US District Court Affirms Clean Water Act Protections for West Virginia Families Board of Directors Announces Resignation of Chairman & CEO Pioneer Marine Inc. Announces Senior Management Change Euroseas Ltd. Announces Acquisition of Container Feeder Vessel Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Abhishek Budholiya Companion Animal Drug Market Poised to Rake US$ 44,727.3 Mn by 2025 Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers key insights on the global companion animals drug market in its upcoming outlook titled, “Companion Animals Drug Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2015 – 2025”. In terms of revenue, the global companion animal drug market is projected to register a healthy CAGR of 4.9% over the forecast period owing to various factors, which FMI analysis highlights and offers detailed insights and forecasts. The market is segmented based on product type, distribution channels and regions. The overall market has been segmented broadly into eight product types such as antibiotics, anti-inflammatory drugs, parasiticides (further sub-divided into ecto-parasiticides and endo-parasiticides), heartworm drugs, nutritional, behavioural and skincare drugs and vaccines. Parasiticides more frequently applied as a cure for flea and tick infestations, are estimated to account for maximum revenue share by product type in the global companion animal drug market by 2015 end. The parasiticide drug segment is expected to expand at a CAGR of 6.6% in terms of value during the forecast period. Other popular drugs used in companion animals include heartworm medicines and vaccines. The vaccines segment is expected to reach market value of US$ 1,760.4 Mn by 2025, expanding at a CAGR of ~3% over the forecast period. Request For Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1077 To provide deeper insight into drug dispensing and distribution channels, the report has also been segmented by distribution channels such as veterinary hospitals, veterinary clinics and pharmacies and drug stores. It has been observed and validated that pet owners globally prefer consulting veterinary doctors at hospitals and clinics and administering prescription drugs to their small companion pets. However, a new trend of referring to the Internet to find out disease pathogenesis and buying over-the-counter (OTC) drugs from retail pharmacies and drug stores has been fast picking up. The primary trend in the companion animal drug market is an increase in pet adoption and humanization of pets globally. Other driving forces include increasing urbanization and growing affluence in emerging economies, increasing R&D for faster launch of first-in-line drugs, extension of patent approvals on formularies and growing demand for compounded medicines, as they are easily affordable and accessible. Factors restraining market growth include rising costs for R&D and lack of scope for innovation due to matured product portfolios. Send An Enquiry@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1077 This report assesses trends driving growth of each segment on global as well as regional levels, and offers potential strategic recommendations that could prove useful to drug makers planning to penetrate or enter the market. North America is estimated to dominate the companion animals drug market with maximum market share by end of 2015. North America and Western Europe are collectively expected to account for close to 50% of the total companion animals drug market share in terms of value by end of 2015. Among emerging markets, Latin America is estimated to witness highest CAGR of 6.0% over the forecast period, followed by Asia Pacific excluding Japan, due to increasing pet adoption and rise in geriatric population. Some key players identified in the global companion animal drug market report include Zoetis Inc., Elanco (Eli Lilly), Merck Animal Health, Bayer Animal Healthcare, Merial (Sanofi), Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac Animal Health and Ceva Santé Animale. We have discussed individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing drug portfolios, market consolidation and drug innovation pipelines. The report has been concluded with strategic recommendations for players already present in the market and also new players planning to enter the market, which could help them in the long run. CategoriesGoogle News TagsCompanion Animal Drug Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious K92 Announces Results of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Next PostNext Pacific Iron Ore Corporation Announces Release of March 31, 2017 Financial Statements and Management Discussion and Analysis Search Recent Posts Copper Fox Clarifies Technical Disclosure on Eaglehead Project DEADLINE ALERT: Brower Piven Alerts Shareholders of Approaching Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit and Encourages Those with Losses in Excess of $100,000 from Investment in Citizens Financial Group, Inc. to Contact the Firm IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Zoompass Holdings, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Enssolutions Group Announces First Quarter Financial Results United States Anesthesia Video Laryngoscope Market- Medtronic, Truphatek, Pentax-AWS, Verathon, Ambu, Coopdech, IntuBrite Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
