WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature Top 10 Stock Picks for 2017 Alphabet, Apple, Citigroup, Deutsche Telekom, Disney, Toll Brothers, and Unilever are among the best bets. By Andrew Bary Biography December 3, 2016 Click here to see our favorite 2017 stocks. Equity investors face a big choice for 2017. Bet on appreciated “Trump” stocks in the hopes of a stronger economy, or focus on more-defensive sectors. Since the election, economically sensitive stocks, banks, and energy producers have risen, while traditionally defensive groups like consumer stocks and electric utilities have suffered amid concerns about higher rates and inflation. (Click... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Gundlach, Einhorn & Ackman at Sohn Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Time to Buy Emerging Markets Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Top Income Stocks In Energy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Position Increased by Stillwater Investment Management LLC Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Bought by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Bank of Montreal Can Sells 1,319 Shares of SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Stake Increased by Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Facebook Inc (FB) Lynch & Associates IN Raises Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Bought by Lynch & Associates IN Augustine Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Retail Opportunity Investments Corp (ROIC) Stake Decreased by Creative Planning Creative Planning Buys Shares of 1,607 Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) FY2017 EPS Estimates for AirBoss of America Corp Cut by Cormark (BOS) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Fiera Capital Corp Boosted by Analyst (FSZ) Short Interest in DragonWave, Inc.(USA) (DRWI) Grows By 2.6% Clarus Securities Comments on Raging River Exploration Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (RRX) Torc Oil And Gas Ltd to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share, Clarus Securities Forecasts (TOG) National Bank Financial Comments on Temple Hotels Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (TPH) DA Davidson Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for TCP Capital Corp (TCPC) Brokers Offer Predictions for Willis Towers Watson PLC’s FY2017 Earnings (WLTW) Hills Bank & Trust Co. Has $655,000 Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Catawba Capital Management VA Has $5.753 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Augustine Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Augustine Asset Management Inc. raised its position in Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 1.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 85,615 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,529 shares during the period. Merck & Co. comprises approximately 3.4% of Augustine Asset Management Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Augustine Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $5,439,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of MRK. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 56,714,385 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,539,544,000 after buying an additional 1,235,395 shares during the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 1.1% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 36,237,082 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,261,555,000 after buying an additional 411,890 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares during the last quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. increased its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 28,800,338 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,695,480,000 after buying an additional 465,771 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $1,628,824,000. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 63.57 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $174.54 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 40.52 and a beta of 0.79. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $63.07 and a 200 day moving average of $62.58. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 12-month low of $53.59 and a 12-month high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.83 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $9.43 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.89 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/augustine-asset-management-inc-raises-position-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Vetr raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $69.31 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Leerink Swann reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Monday, March 20th. Cowen and Company reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $68.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued an “underperform” rating and set a $51.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Monday, May 8th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price objective on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. Merck & Co. has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $68.49. In other news, Director C Robert Kidder sold 5,000 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.54, for a total value of $317,700.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 14,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $909,702.18. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total transaction of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.05% of the stock is owned by insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Stelis Biopharma Partners with Merck Stelis Biopharma, a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company with capabilities in providing global contract development and manufacturing services, and Merck a premier supplier of solutions and services to the global life science industry, today announced the opening of its Joint Process Scale-Up Lab at the Stelis Biopharma R&D facility in Bengaluru. The lab, which was built as a centre of excellence for bioprocess scale-up and manufacturing services, represents the strength of the two groups. Bangalore, India, May 14, 2017 –(PR.com)– Stelis Biopharma, a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company with capabilities in providing global contract development and manufacturing services, and Merck a premier supplier of solutions and services to the global life science industry, today announced the opening of its Joint Process Scale-Up Lab, at the Stelis Biopharma R&D facility in Bengaluru. The lab, which was built as a centre of excellence for bioprocess scale-up and manufacturing services, represents the strength of the two companies in bio manufacturing. This collaboration brings together Stelis’ end-to-end capabilities in high-yield biopharmaceutical process development from cell line to commercial manufacturing scale with Merck’s leading technological expertise in bioprocessing. Through the collaboration this Joint Process Scale-Up Lab and the forthcoming cGMP manufacturing facility in Bangalore will be equipped with Merck’s portfolio of Mobius® bioprocessing equipment. Stelis chose Merck for its best-in-class single-use manufacturing components for flexible operations and better regulatory compliance. Merck will bring its process know-how and application knowledge from global experts to help establish the single-use platform technologies at Stelis. The Joint Process Scale-Up Lab bridges R&D and commercial manufacturing scales of biological API (Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient) by offering customers a seamless and robust transfer of optimized processes from small-scale R&D (Research & Development) lab to the large-scale commercial manufacturing site. Commenting on the development, Joe Thomas, CEO, Stelis Biopharma said, “In the biopharma space, where the process is the product, our Process Scale-Up Lab fulfills a critical need by offering clients a reliable process bridge between R&D and commercial scales.” He added, “After significant investments by Stelis in high-quality R&D and commercial-scale bio-manufacturing infrastructure in Bengaluru, the collaboration with Merck completes the value proposition for CDMO customers by offering an end-to-end solution from process development and scale-up through to manufacturing for pre-clinical, clinical and commercial supply.” Commenting on the Stelis announcement, Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science, said, “Both Merck and Stelis bring leading technological expertise and an extensive bioprocess development and manufacturing portfolio that will help our customers accelerate development of biopharmaceuticals for clinical trials and manufacturing with greater reliability and cost effectiveness. This collaboration reinforces Merck’s position as the premier supplier of all process development and clinical stage manufacturing solutions, materials and services needed for biologics production.” About Stelis Biopharma Stelis Biopharma Private Limited (Stelis) is a vertically integrated biopharmaceutical company with R&D, process scale-up and end-to-end manufacturing capabilities from drug substance to finished drug products in all injectable formats. Stelis has a 30,000 square feet state of the art research facility in Bengaluru along with a soon-to-be commissioned 200,000 square feet integrated bio-manufacturing facility catering to biologic APIs and aseptically filled injectables conforming to international standards. The principal shareholders of Stelis are Strides Pharma (25+ years’ experience in high-quality generics for global markets), Tenshi Life Sciences Private Limited, (Integrated Life Sciences Company) and GMS Holdings (Group of diversified business and assets with a strong biopharma franchise in the MENA region). About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of €15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release about future growth prospects are forward-looking statements and are subject to several risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause current stance to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. The company, its directors or the affiliates do have any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after this date or to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UglyDeck.com Debuts Duck Bucks for 2017 Next PostNext Gaming Technology Group’s UltraLinx System, the Affordable, Full-Floor Solution for Small to Mid-Sized Gaming Operators, Receives NGCB Approval Search Recent Posts Arabia CSR Network führt die erste Schulung des Nahen Ostens zum Thema globale Standards für Nachhaltigkeitsberichterstattung erfolgreich durch Abbkine Scientific launches its new antibody – Anti-DDDDK Tag Mouse Monoclonal Antibody (1B10) Positive data from Phase 3 US Blue Light Cystoscopy with Cysview® study presented at AUA 2017 meeting in Boston NASCAR All-Star Race Tickets: CapitalCityTickets.com is Slashing Prices on NASCAR Tickets for the 2017 All-Star Race at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 20th LU student named „Global Swede 2017” RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global And China Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry 2017 Market Research Report If you want to ask a sample report or make an order, please contact us: Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ In this report, the global Recombinant Therapeutic Protein market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Global And China Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry 2017 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Recombinant Therapeutic Protein industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Recombinant Therapeutic Protein market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions’ development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), and other regions can be added. Then, the report focuses on global major leading industry players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Recombinant Therapeutic Protein industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Global Recombinant Therapeutic Protein market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Boehringer Ingelheim Bristol-Myers Squibb Celldex Therapeutics Eli Liily GlaxoSmithKline Merck Novartis Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Roche Shire Pharmaceuticals ………. If you want to ask a sample report or make an order, please contact us: Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ Key Topics Covered:  Chapter One Industry Overview of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Two Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Three Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Four Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Five Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Six Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein by Regions, Types and Applications Chapter Seven Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Eight Major Manufacturers Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Nine Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Ten Industry Chain Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Eleven Development Trend of Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Twelve New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Chapter Thirteen Conclusion of the Global Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry 2017 Market Research Report Related Reports: Japan Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 China Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 Europe Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 United States Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 India Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry Market Research Report 2017 Note:We also offer Germany/Korea/Australia/Brazil/Russia/India/Indonesia/Malaysia/Europe/Asia/Asia-Pacific/North America/Latin America/South America/AMER/EMEA/Africa etc Countries/Regions and Sales/Industry Versions Respectively Thank you so much for reading the article. If you are interested in the report or have any question, please feel free to contact me. Looking forward to your email. Lynne | Sr. Manager – Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher. QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ QYResearch established in 2007, focus on custom research, management consulting, IPO consulting, industry chain research, data base and seminar services. the company owned a large basic data base (such as National Bureau of statistics database, Customs import and export database, Industry Association Database etc), experts resources (included energy automotive chemical medical ICT consumer goods etc industries experts who own more than 10 years experiences on marketing or R&D), professional survey team (the team member with more than 3 years market survey experience and more than 2 years depth expert interview experience),Excellent data analysis team (SPSS statistics and PPT graphics process team); QYResearch has always pursuit product quality, adhere to the quality is the soul of business. Through the companys years of effort and a lot of customer support, QYResearch consulting group creative design method of many high-quality markets investigation and research team with rich experience. Today, QYResearch brand has become the consulting industry with quality assurance consulting brand. The company has 2500 global well-known customers, covering energy automobile pharmaceutical chemical agriculture more than 30 industries, services from the data analysis and recommendations-Consulting landing one-stop solution, and research regions cover China,US,EU,Asia,Middle East and Africa,South America,Australia,etc Global all regions,and also built research or marketing center in China USA UK France Hongkong etc regions. currently, QYResearch has become the first choice and worth trusted consulting brand in Global and China business consulting services. Lynne | Sr. Manager – Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher. QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ Room 2311 VILI International Building No.167 Linhe West Road Tianhe District Guangzhou City Guangdong Province.  This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Everyman and Company Launches Kickstarter Campaign For Hideout Gear Tag Next PostNext Commercial Combi Ovens Market Growth Forecast Shows 7.76% CAGR to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global And China Polyetherimide(PEI) Industry 2017 Market Research Report Commercial Combi Ovens Market Growth Forecast Shows 7.76% CAGR to 2021 Global And China Recombinant Therapeutic Protein Industry 2017 Market Research Report Everyman and Company Launches Kickstarter Campaign For Hideout Gear Tag BOLDR Launches Successful Kickstarter Campaign For Odyssey Watch RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Stay Connected Latest news IGGC Lady Captain, Uliyemi Amaye Promise More Golf At Her Inaugural DELSUTH And Vaccine Production Ibori Appeals To Urhobo People To Support Okowa I’m Ready To Work With Opposition Parties –Okowa Town Hall Meetings, Fulfillment Of Campaign Promise –Ukah YOUTH EMPOWERMENT/JOB CREATION SCHEMES: We’ll Boost NGOs’ Initiatives -Okowa JAMB Monitoring UTME Through CCTV Cameras –Ibrahim Tragedy Again Befalls Delta State Police Command Healthcare: Jegede To Nurses, Midwives, Participate In Policy Making Rep Hails Okowa’s Town Hall Meeting Initiative Daily Published news May 2017 S M T W T F S « Apr       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   News Features Business Politics Editorial Sports Education Health Interview Advertisement Agriculture Announcement Events Issues Metro Midweek Teaser Religion Focus Smart Dimension DELSUTH And Vaccine Production VACCINE, according to Merriam Webster Learner’s Dictionary,” is a substance that is usually injected into a person or animal to protect against a particular disease; Vaccination protects children from serious illness and complications of vaccine preventable diseases. Vaccine preventable diseases, such as measles, mumps, and whooping cough, are still a threat to humanity. Avaccine is a medical preparation geared towards providing immunity from a disease. It can be produced from a variety of substances ranging from dead micro-organisms to genetically engineered antigens to defend the body against potentially harmful antigens. Effective vaccines change the immune system by promoting the development of antibodies that can quickly and effectively attack disease causing micro-organisms or viruses when they enter the body, preventing disease development. A ccording to Encyclopedia of Espionage, Intelligence and Security, the first successful vaccine was developed from cowpox as a treatment for smallpox. Coined by Louis Pasteur (1822–1895), the etymology of the term, vaccine reflects this achievement. Since then, researchers are continually attempting to develop new vaccinations against other diseases. In fact, the development of vaccines against disease, including polio, smallpox, tetanus, and measles ranks among the great accomplishments of medical science. It, therefore, stands to sound reasoning that efforts aimed at making vaccines against various pathogens available and affordable to humanity remain the focus of any people-oriented government, which, in turn, should elicit joy in every community. The news that the Delta State University Teaching Hospital (DELSUTH), Oghara, is to go into vaccine production, was broken to the world by the state Commissioner for Health, Dr. Nicholas Azinge recently. Breaking the news, Azinge, who spoke through the Permanent Secretary of the ministry, Dr. Minnie Oseji, during the 2017 World Malaria Day broadcast in Asaba, was, no doubt, exhilarating. According to the commissioner, the state government has initiated a project for the development of Vaccine Production Facility in DELSUTH, Oghara, in collaboration with Merck Biopharmaceutical Company. We commend the state government for this laudable venture which we believe, will in no distant time reinforce healthcare delivery system in the state. The project which is in line with the Governor Okowa administration’s SMARTART Agenda is, indeed, a unique initiative as it will also create job opportunities and generate income for the state when fully operational. Another benefit of the initiative is that it will provide an enabling environment to attract researchers to Nigeria for the development of different vaccines. The collaboration between DELSUTH and Merck Biopharmaceutical Company is expected to attract contributions from both local and international investors, just as Ghana, Kenya and Malawi were said to have been selected to pilot the world’s first malaria vaccine (Mosquirix) from 2018. It is our firm belief that this venture like other landmark achievements of the Okowa administration, particularly in the health sector, will continue to put the state at the front burner along global best practices and attract contributions from the international community. We recall that, through the timely intervention of Governor Okowa, the state became a beneficiary of the Saving One Million Lives Programme for Results, a programme initiated by the Federal Government on maternal and child health, supported by the World Bank. The programme, understandably, is financed by the International Development Association’s credit to the Federal Republic of Nigeria over a period of four years, with each state receiving US$1,500,000 in which malaria control was one of the six pillars the programme was expected to address. With the exploits of DELSUTH in the field of medicine, which was made possible by the impressive support of the state government and high level of commitment to medical research and development on the part of staff of DELSUTH, the state, no doubt, has become the cynosure of all eyes in the area of medical tourism. While congratulating the state government on stimulating the collaboration, we also, applaud DELSUTH for its sustained passionate commitment towards medical research, teaching, learning and development. There is no doubt that the coming on stream of the state-owned university, with regards to vaccine production, will go a long way in meeting the needs of millions of persons in need of the medical service. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Time limit is exhausted. Please reload the CAPTCHA.  −  1  =  three Media Gallery ﻿ MISSION STATEMENT VISION STATEMENT CORE VALUES SERVICES PROVIDED LIST OF CUSTOMERS OUR COMMITMENTS TO YOU Announcement Events Friday Treat Issues Metro Midweek Teaser Religion Energy Agriculture Relationship Design by: AESL (Alikson)
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Stelis Biopharma Press Release Receive press releases from Stelis Biopharma: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: Stelis Biopharma Partners with Merck Stelis Biopharma, a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company with capabilities in providing global contract development and manufacturing services, and Merck a premier supplier of solutions and services to the global life science industry, today announced the opening of its Joint Process Scale-Up Lab at the Stelis Biopharma R&D facility in Bengaluru. The lab, which was built as a centre of excellence for bioprocess scale-up and manufacturing services, represents the strength of the two groups. Bangalore, India, May 14, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Stelis Biopharma, a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company with capabilities in providing global contract development and manufacturing services, and Merck a premier supplier of solutions and services to the global life science industry, today announced the opening of its Joint Process Scale-Up Lab, at the Stelis Biopharma R&D facility in Bengaluru. The lab, which was built as a centre of excellence for bioprocess scale-up and manufacturing services, represents the strength of the two companies in bio manufacturing. This collaboration brings together Stelis’ end-to-end capabilities in high-yield biopharmaceutical process development from cell line to commercial manufacturing scale with Merck’s leading technological expertise in bioprocessing. Through the collaboration this Joint Process Scale-Up Lab and the forthcoming cGMP manufacturing facility in Bangalore will be equipped with Merck’s portfolio of Mobius® bioprocessing equipment. Stelis chose Merck for its best-in-class single-use manufacturing components for flexible operations and better regulatory compliance. Merck will bring its process know-how and application knowledge from global experts to help establish the single-use platform technologies at Stelis. The Joint Process Scale-Up Lab bridges R&D and commercial manufacturing scales of biological API (Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient) by offering customers a seamless and robust transfer of optimized processes from small-scale R&D (Research & Development) lab to the large-scale commercial manufacturing site. Commenting on the development, Joe Thomas, CEO, Stelis Biopharma said, “In the biopharma space, where the process is the product, our Process Scale-Up Lab fulfills a critical need by offering clients a reliable process bridge between R&D and commercial scales.” He added, “After significant investments by Stelis in high-quality R&D and commercial-scale bio-manufacturing infrastructure in Bengaluru, the collaboration with Merck completes the value proposition for CDMO customers by offering an end-to-end solution from process development and scale-up through to manufacturing for pre-clinical, clinical and commercial supply.” Commenting on the Stelis announcement, Udit Batra, Member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science, said, “Both Merck and Stelis bring leading technological expertise and an extensive bioprocess development and manufacturing portfolio that will help our customers accelerate development of biopharmaceuticals for clinical trials and manufacturing with greater reliability and cost effectiveness. This collaboration reinforces Merck’s position as the premier supplier of all process development and clinical stage manufacturing solutions, materials and services needed for biologics production.” About Stelis Biopharma Stelis Biopharma Private Limited (Stelis) is a vertically integrated biopharmaceutical company with R&D, process scale-up and end-to-end manufacturing capabilities from drug substance to finished drug products in all injectable formats. Stelis has a 30,000 square feet state of the art research facility in Bengaluru along with a soon-to-be commissioned 200,000 square feet integrated bio-manufacturing facility catering to biologic APIs and aseptically filled injectables conforming to international standards. The principal shareholders of Stelis are Strides Pharma (25+ years’ experience in high-quality generics for global markets), Tenshi Life Sciences Private Limited, (Integrated Life Sciences Company) and GMS Holdings (Group of diversified business and assets with a strong biopharma franchise in the MENA region). About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2016, Merck generated sales of €15.0 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Disclaimer: Certain statements in this release about future growth prospects are forward-looking statements and are subject to several risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause current stance to differ materially from those contemplated in such forward-looking statements. The company, its directors or the affiliates do have any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after this date or to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition. Contact Information Stelis Biopharma Ankit Gupta 7506685913 Contact stelis.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Stelis Biopharma Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Ebola Virus Outbreak Amtrak Crash TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Storyline Ebola Virus Outbreak Health Ebola Virus Outbreak May 14 2017, 7:27 pm ET WHO Confirms a Small Ebola Outbreak in Congo by Maggie Fox Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Ebola has killed at least one person and possibly three in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), and the World Health Organization confirmed Friday at least one person had tested positive for the deadly virus. WHO said it was sending the team to the remote area in the north of the country near the border with Central African Republic. And a large vaccine nonprofit said it was ready to bring in Ebola vaccines if needed. Map showing the location of the Democratic Republic of Congo Google Maps "As of today, 11 suspected cases including three deaths have been reported," WHO said Saturday The #Ebola case in the Democratic Republic of Congo was confirmed by a national reference laboratory in Kinshasa #DRC— WHO (@WHO) May 12, 2017 "The health zone is situated in the remote, isolated and hard-to-reach northern part of the country, with limited transport and communication networks - factors that all impeded transmission of information about the suspected outbreak. Currently it takes about two to three days to reach the epicenter from Kinshasa," WHO said. "The full extent of the 2017 outbreak is still not yet clear." Related: Ebola Vaccine Works, Study Shows An Ebola epidemic in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia in 2013-2016 infected 28,000 people and killed more than 11,000 of them. It was the only epidemic of Ebola — usually, outbreaks are smaller and affect at the most a few hundred people. Vaccine developers rushed research on Ebola vaccines and there is an experimental vaccine that's been shown to be effective. Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, has an agreement with vaccine maker Merck to have it ready. "Gavi's work with Merck means there are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic," Gavi CEO Dr. Seth Berkley said. "The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable." Related: Antibody Treatment Works Against Ebola Virus Cousin The Democratic Republic of Congo has had eight outbreaks but none in areas similar to the West Africa epidemic, which spread widely in part because of intense cross-border travel and trade in densely populated areas. The last one was in 2014, and killed 49 people. "It is a sad fact that the people of the DRC are all too familiar with this horrific disease," Berkley added in a statement. "The fact that this is a country that has experience dealing with Ebola should give us hope that we won't see a pandemic on the scale of the 2014 outbreak that hit West Africa. We stand ready to support the DRC Government in its fight against Ebola." Maggie Fox Twitter Facebook Google Plus Topics Health news, Africa, World First Published May 12 2017, 10:20 am ET Next Story Antibody Treatment Cures Monkeys of Marburg, a Deadly Ebola Cousin advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Jignesh Thakkar ENT Disorder Treatment Market Rising at 2.17% CAGR To 2021 The ENT Disorder Treatment Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state also focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. About ENT Disorder Treatment market ENT also known as otolaryngology, is an area of medicine that deals with disorders of ear, nose, and throat. Dysfunction of these body parts can affect quality of life and in certain cases may even lead to medical emergency. The market encompasses drugs that are used for the treatment of the ENT disorder. It mainly considers the various drug class used for the treatment of numerous symptoms of the disease. The major ENT disorders included in the report are rhinitis, sinusitis, otitis media, and tonsillitis. Research analysts forecast the global ENT Disorder Treatment market to grow at a CAGR of 2.17% during the period 2017-2021. Request a sample copy of ENT Disorder Treatment market Research Report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/54048/?utm_source=sat-SK Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global ENT disorder treatment market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales from both branded and generic drugs. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas, APAC, EMEA Research report, Global ENT Disorder Treatment Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Enquire about this report @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/54048 Key vendors ALK, GSK, Novartis, Sanofi Other prominent vendors Allergan, AstraZeneca, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Lupin, Merck, Mylan, Otonomy, Pfizer, Sun Pharma, Teva Pharmaceuticals Market driver Deteriorating environmental conditions. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Growing cases of anti-bacterial resistance. For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Growing consolidation in industry particularly for rhinitis. For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Find out more @ https://marketsizeforecasters.com/global-ent-disorder-treatment-market Related Reports: – 2017 Top 5 Dermatoscope Manufacturers in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa This report studies Dermatoscope in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa, focuses on the top 5 Dermatoscope Players in each region, w… https://marketsizeforecasters.com/2017-top-5-dermatoscope-manufacturers-in-north-america-europe-asia-pacific-south-america-middle-east-and-africa/?utm_source=RR-SK About Us: MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Contact Us: Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: http://marketsizeforecasters.com/ News: https://marketsizeforecasters.com/news Connect with us: LinkedIn | Twitter CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsENT Disorder Treatment, ENT Disorder Treatment market, ENT Disorder Treatment market Forecast, ENT Disorder Treatment market Industry, ENT Disorder Treatment market Industry Size, ENT Disorder Treatment market Size, Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Woody Biomass Boiler Market to 2021: Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis and Forecasts Next PostNext Life Insurance in US Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts The Auto Club Group Selects Guidewire Products to Transform Core, Data, and Digital Capabilities; Capgemini Selected as Implementation Provider Dentsu Inc. Q1 FY2017 Consolidated Financial Results (IFRS) Solar Hybrid Inverter Industry Outlook and Market Share Solar Hybrid Inverter Industry Outlook and Market Share Splurge in the Luxury of Finest Massages with BEST RELAXATION RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai At least one dead in new Ebola outbreak in Congo By Aaron Ross Reuters May 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Aaron Ross KINSHASA (Reuters) - At least one person has died from the Ebola virus in Democratic Republic of Congo, the Health Ministry and the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Friday, signaling a new outbreak of the disease which killed thousands in West Africa. The case was confirmed from tests on nine people who came down with a hemorrhagic fever in Bas-Uele province in the northeast of the country on or after April 22, a ministry statement said. Three people have died of fever. Other samples are still being tested, and six people remain hospitalised. "Our country must confront an outbreak of the Ebola virus that constitutes a public health crisis of international significance," the ministry said. An investigation team led by the ministry of health with WHO support was expected to reach the scene of the outbreak in the coming days, the WHO said. The ministry said it should arrive on Saturday. "It is in a very remote zone, very forested, so we are a little lucky. We always take this very seriously," the WHO's Congo spokesman, Eugene Kabambi, said. This latest Ebola outbreak is Congo's eighth, the most of any country. The deadly hemorrhagic fever was first detected in its dense tropical forests in 1976 and named after the nearby river Ebola. That experience helped Congolese authorities respond effectively to an outbreak in 2014 that killed 49 people. At the same time, a separate outbreak killed more than 11,300 people and infected some 28,600 as it swept through Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and caused alarm around the world. In June last year, WHO declared Liberia free of active Ebola virus transmission. Liberia was the last country still fighting the world's worst outbreak of the disease. "Our country is full of people well-trained in this matter and our health professionals also helped contain similar epidemics in other countries," the health ministry said in its statement. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government's efforts to bring the epidemic under control. Under an agreement between GAVI and Merck, the developer of an Ebola vaccine known as rVSV-ZEBOV, it said up to 300,000 doses of the shot would be available in case of an outbreak. "The WHO and others will determine if and when deployment of vaccine into this outbreak is warranted," it said in a statement. "There are 300,000 doses of Ebola vaccine available if needed to stop this outbreak becoming a pandemic," said GAVI's chief executive Seth Berkley. "The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable." (Additional reporting by Kate Kelland in London, Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg and Joe Bavier; Editing by Ralph Boulton and Andrew Heavens) Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community High School quarterback gunned down at graduation party in Baton Rouge 1733 reactions4%69%27% America’s wondrous waterfalls 60 reactions11%64%25% Mayor condemns torch-bearing protesters defending Confederate statue 9837 reactions4%66%30% Chrissy Teigen Gets a Tramp Stamp for Revenge After John Legend Dances With a Fan: See the Pics! 529 reactions5%61%34% French kiss, split brim, crybaby sumo & more — it happened today: May 14 in pictures 4 reactions0%50%50% North Korea's latest missile launch a success 41 reactions6%63%31% Graham: New FBI Director Should Be an FBI Agent 66 reactions4%77%19% Powers Boothe, Emmy-Winning Character Actor, Dies at 68 605 reactions19%64%17% Does God Exist? Some Scientists Think They Have Proof 622 reactions6%66%28% Why the Warriors' thrilling comeback hurt so much 25 reactions6%61%33% Flags, Trump, pyrotechnics & more — it happened today: May 13 in pictures 59 reactions7%65%28% White House tries to put FBI chief's firing behind them 11 reactions0%86%14% Schumer Describes Link Between New FBI Director and Special Prosecutor 148 reactions2%68%30% Sean Spicer Likely To Be Fired, Reports Say 1980 reactions5%68%27% ICE Agent Tried to Apprehend a 4th-Grader but Was Turned Away by the School 495 reactions4%67%29% Woman unknowingly wore her engagement ring hidden in necklace for a year 62 reactions15%62%23% Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Investing Trading Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor As Our Gains Near 800%, We're Making the Case for This Stock – Again When we first brought graphics chip giant Nvidia Corp. (Nasdaq: NVDA) to your attention back in June 2013, we told you this company was more than just a gaming stock. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Cash In on the Legal Weed Derivative That's Changing the War on Pain Message: URL: https://mney.co/2pL9DnX five  −   =  two Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Cash In on the Legal Weed Derivative That's Changing the War on Pain Message: URL: https://mney.co/2pL9DnX 3  +  nine  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Access Your Profit Alerts Twitter Follow topicFollow William Patalon IIIno responses Stocks Cash In on the Legal Weed Derivative That's Changing the War on Pain By William Patalon III, Executive Editor, Money Morning • @privatebrief • May 14, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website one  ×   =  two William Patalon III It was a spring day back in 1992. My buddy Tim had clambered to the top of an under-construction townhouse – sent by his boss to start sheeting the roof trusses on the four-story structure. Tim (a pseudonym, since this is a true story) – a fellow muscle-car nut and a guy my best friend, Harry, and I had known since high school – was working as a carpenter. Indeed, he was one of the best you'd find. Tim's life was about to change – forever. Before Tim climbed up into the rafters, his boss – the site foreman – had said that all the trusses had been nailed down a day or two before. Once up on top, trying to reposition himself, my buddy temporarily straddled two of the squat lumber triangles. Those trusses suddenly started to spread. They weren't nailed down. Tim grabbed at the closest truss – but lost his handhold when it rolled under his weight. And he fell. Four stories. What actually happened was that he plunged through the rectangular floor openings at each story – openings that would hold the staircases needed to climb from the ground-floor doorway all the way to the top. My friend remembers getting both his arms, at chest level, onto the edge of one of those openings on the third or second floor – a move that slowed his fall and probably saved his life. But he still slammed into the ground with a force that, even today, makes my skin crawl to think about. And he was a denizen of an entirely new world. A world of doctors, operations, physical therapy… And pain. Searing pain. Chronic pain. I'm sharing this story here today for a reason. A bunch of reasons, actually. I'm going to tell you about a biotech stock that I like a lot that focuses on the very real problem of chronic pain. It's a company that's looking at this malady in new ways. But I also want to show you how to find still more stocks like this one – companies that are establishing whole new paradigms in biotechnology, life sciences, and pharmaceuticals. It's a brand-new business – one that I'm jazzed to tell you all about. Let's get started… A New Healthcare Sector Emerges In a study a year or so ago, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) found that about 11% of Americans – roughly 50 million people – suffered from debilitating pain. The pain comes from many sources – accidents, injuries, botched surgeries, limitations in today's medical technologies, diabetes, cancer, arthritis, the effects of aging… the list of causes is long and varied. My buddy Tim is a prime example. His four-story fall destroyed his lower back, fracturing vertebrae, bursting discs, and crimping nerves. Round after round of surgery followed – including a procedure in which the doctors tried to build a stabilizing "cage" around his spine – but none of them worked. Tim's legs went numb, and his pain took on a life of its own – becoming a separate affliction that required its own treatment regimen. In recent years, some of the newer medications have made it possible for my friend to enjoy a more normal life. He's restoring cars again, and I see him out and about more than in years past. Millions of Americans share Tim's plight and suffer from serious pain problems. And that has turned the market for pain medication into a huge business. According to market researcher VisionGain, the worldwide business for pain drugs is worth about $68 billion right now. Other studies say it's even bigger. Transparency Market Research says demand for pain therapeutics will cause global sales to grow from about $60.2 billion in 2015 to $83 billion by 2024. The market is dominated by Big Pharma players, including Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK), Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE), and Johnson & Johnson Co. (NYSE: JNJ). But there are also some smaller specialty players that are positioned to capitalize on this big and growing need for pain-management medications. And there's one specific, small company that I like in particular: Insys Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: INSY). I learned how to find and evaluate small, off-the-radar biotech stocks – with lots of upside potential. Insys, based in Phoenix, is a "commercial stage" specialty pharmaceutical company – with a big focus on pain treatment. One of its key products is a drug called Subsys, a fentanyl spray aimed chiefly at cancer patients experiencing "breakthrough" pain. The product is designed to be sprayed under the tongue, where it's absorbed through the skin. As most of you folks know, I covered the biotech sector for a number of years back during my days as a hard-driving business journalist. So I learned how to find and evaluate small, off-the-radar biotech stocks – with lots of upside potential. What I especially like about Insys is that it's a very forward-thinking company. With Subsys, it has a drug that's relevant in the pain market as it stands today. And with the drugs it has in the pipeline, it's preparing itself to be relevant in the pain-treatment market still to come. To show you why, I need to tell you the "backstory" to America's War on Pain. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… William Patalon III About the Author Browse William's articles | View William's research services Before he moved into the investment-research business in 2005, William (Bill) Patalon III spent 22 years as an award-winning financial reporter, columnist, and editor. Today he is the Executive Editor and Senior Research Analyst for Money Morning. With his latest project, Private Briefing, Bill takes you "behind the scenes" of his established investment news website for a closer look at the action. Members get all the expert analysis and exclusive scoops he can't publish... and some of the most valuable picks that turn up in Bill's closed-door sessions with editors and experts. … Read full bio (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Stocks Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website  ×  two  =  14 Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT As Our Gains Near 800%, We're Making the Case for This Stock – Again Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. William Patalon III (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News May 14, 2017 • By William Patalon III Leave a Comment Cash In on the Legal Weed Derivative That's Changing the War on Pain May 12, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Slide as Retail Stocks Continue to Fall May 12, 2017 • By David Zeiler Leave a Comment Why the "Low" Apple Dividend Yield Is Actually Delivering Big Gains Trending Posts 3559 Reads 15 Likes Why the Gold Price Is Rebounding After Macron's Election Win The gold price is on its longest winning streak since mid-April, despite bearish sentiment after the French election. Here's where it could go from here... 3507 Reads 305 Likes Will Trump Be Impeached? Will Trump be impeached soon? Here's a look at 6 offenses that could get the 45th president axed - including one based on his "mental wellbeing"... Featured Report This Penny Stock Will Double Your Money – and Save a Dying U.S. Industry It's not easy to find a truly compelling penny stock, which is why this one is such a remarkable find. Not only is this green energy stock capable of a gain of 100% or more, it's just now rolling out technology with the potential to rescue the struggling coal industry. But this 21st century success story has only just begun, making now the perfect time to buy this stock... Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA -22.81 (0.11%) 20,896.61 NASDAQ 5.27 (0.09%) 6,121.23 S&P -3.54 (0.15%) 2,390.90 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Small-Cap Rocket Alert Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. William Patalon III (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo outbreak Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Health News | Sun May 14, 2017 | 4:44pm EDT WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo outbreak left right FILE PHOTO: A health worker sprays a colleague with disinfectant during a training session for Congolese health workers to deal with Ebola virus in Kinshasa October 21, 2014. REUTERS/Media Coulibaly 1/2 left right A digitally colorized scanning electron micrograph depiction shows numerous filamentous Ebola virus particles in green, budding from a chronically infected VERO E6 cell in orange at 25,000X magnification in this undated handout picture from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID). REUTERS/National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases/Handout via Reuters 2/2 By Aaron Ross | KINSHASA KINSHASA The World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed on Sunday a second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Health officials are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic, WHO's Congo spokesman Eugene Kabambi said. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases, he added. It was not immediately clear how the first victim, a deceased male, caught the virus, although past outbreaks have been linked to contact with infected bush meat such as apes. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. However, Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck (MRK.N) could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government on the matter. (Reporting by Aaron Ross; Writing by Emma Farge; Editing by Louise Ireland and Gareth Jones) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Health News Venezuela replaces health minister after data shows crisis worsening CARACAS President Nicolas Maduro has abruptly dismissed Venezuela's health minister days after the government broke a nearly two-year silence on data that showed the country's medical crisis significantly worsening. AstraZeneca shares surge after key drug shows promise in lung cancer trial LONDON A trial of AstraZeneca's key immunotherapy drug durvalumab showed it reduced disease progression in lung cancer patients, sending the company's shares higher and giving it a lead over rivals as it seeks to transform its oncology business. Health experts in Congo identify two more suspected Ebola cases KINSHASA Health experts have identified two more suspected cases of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo, a day after the government declared an outbreak of the disease that has killed one man, the U.N. health agency said on Saturday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Veterinary Vaccines Global Market, By Disease Type, Data Mining & Data Validation, Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Veterinary Vaccines Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 13, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Veterinary Vaccines market is accounted for $5.4 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.1 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.7% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing foodborne and zoonotic diseases, global consumption of meat and milk products, increasing animal bites, increasing husbandry practices and improved veterinary vaccines delivery systems will propel market growth. Intense competition from cheaper generic substitutes, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet and strict regulations for product approval will hinder market growth. The DNA vaccine amongst product segment is anticipated to show high growth rate during forecast period, due to innovations in vaccination technology. Foot & mouth disease accounted for the highest market share in disease type. A veterinary clinic in distribution channel segment is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period. Europe is the leading market for Veterinary Vaccines followed by North America. Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at fastest rate. For more information at http://www.reportsweb.com/veterinary-vaccines-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 . Some of the key players in global Veterinary Vaccines market are Bayer Healthcare, Biogenesis Bago, Boehringer Ingelheim ,Ceva Animal Health, Diamond Animal Healthcare (Heska), Elanco Animal Health (Eli Lilly), Heska Corporation, Indian Immunological Ltd., Merck Animal Health, Merial Inc. (Sanofi), Vetoquinol, Virbac Ltd. and Zoetis. Products Covered: - Attenuated Live Vaccines - Conjugate Vaccines - DNA Vaccines - Inactivated Vaccines - Recombinant Vaccines - Subunit Vaccines - Toxoid Vaccines Disease Types Covered: - Companion Animal Diseases o Feline Disease o Canine Vaccines - Poultry Diseases o Avian Influenza o Coccidiosis o Gumboro Disease o Infectious Bronchitis o Marek's Disease o Mycoplasma o Newcastle Disease o Other Poultry Diseases - Porcine Diseases o Auzeszky's Disease o Porcine Circovirus II o Porcine Parvovirus o Porcine Reproductive Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS) o Swine Influenza o Swine Pneumonia o Other Porcine Diseases - Equine Diseases o Equine Encephalomyelitis o Equine Influenza o Equine Rhinopneumonitis o Strangles o Tetanus o Other Equine Diseases - Livestock Diseases o Bovine Disease o Small Ruminant Animal Disease - Aquaculture Diseases o Furunculosis o Pasteurellosis o Vibriosis o Other Aquaculture Diseases - Other Animal Diseases Distribution Channels Covered: - Veterinary Hospitals - Veterinary Clinics - Retail pharmacies - Veterinary Research institutes - Other Distribution Channels Request Sample Copy http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583531/sample . Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt Make an enquiry: http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001583531/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
HOME Contacts OakRidgeObserver Monday , May 15, 2017 Economy Culture Hi-Tech Science Sport World News Medical USA ﻿ Medical UN agency announces 2 more suspected Ebola cases in Congo May 14, 2017 12:56· The Ebola virus. REUTERS Frederick Murphy CDC Handout Health authorities are investigating nine suspected cases of Ebola in a remote corner of northern Congo, including two deaths, the country's health minister said Friday May 12, 2017. According to WHO, the DRC health minister requested the United Nations health agency's support after one of five blood specimens tested positive for the Ebola virus. An earlier report issued by the same World Health Organization shows that three people have been confirmed dead and six others are suspected of being infected with the virus in what is said to be Congo's 8th outbreak of Ebola since the virus was first identified near Ebola River in the same country in 1976. Dr. Allarangar Yokouide, the World Health Organization representative in Congo, said the first teams of specialists should arrive in the affected area of Likati on Friday or Saturday. Testing of five samples was conducted at the country's National Biomedical Research Institute in Kinshasa, with one coming back positive for Ebola, specifically the Zaire species of the virus. She said the Port Health officials were at alert at all airports, adding that the authority had also informed them of the need to increase surveillance. The WHO has recently developed an Ebola vaccine for use in case of an outbreak. Nigeria's Minister of Health, Prof Isaac Adewole, has called for heightened vigilance and intensified awareness efforts on symptoms of hemorrhagic fevers following the outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Under an agreement between GAVI and Merck, the developer of an Ebola vaccine known as rVSV-ZEBOV, it said up to 300,000 doses of the shot would be available in case of an outbreak. This is not the first time Ebola has hit the East African country. "The vaccine has shown high efficacy in clinical trials and could play a vital role in protecting the most vulnerable". The last one was in 2014, and killed 49 people. The virus strain detected is Zaire, the most virulent. But the three outbreaks in DRC in the past decade involved fewer than 100 cases each. The worst outbreak of Ebola killed more than 11,300 people in the West African countries of Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia and infected more than 28,000. The post Ebola outbreak reported in the Democratic Republic of Congo appeared first on PBS NewsHour. Recommended News 14 May 2017 SKorea: Rival N.Korea launches possible ballistic missile The Japanese government issued a protest to North Korea on Sunday over its latest test-firing of a ballistic missile that morning. The North responded by pledging to retaliate with a devastating nuclear counter-attack, a threat it has made in the past. 14 May 2017 Korea's Moon Slams North Missile Launch as 'Reckless Provocation' South Korean President Moon Jae-in has strongly condemned rival North Korea's missile test-launch as a "clear" violation of U.N. A senior Pyongyang diplomat said Saturday the North would be willing to hold talks with the U.S. if the conditions are right. USA train driver faces criminal charges over deadly 2015 derailment Bostian, who has maintained an extremely low profile since the crash and reportedly lives in NY , has not yet been charged. The family of technology company CEO Rachel Jacobs , 39, pressed to bring charges against Bostian. 14 May 2017 French centrists reach accord with Macron on parliament candidates However, a range of topics were expected at the meeting, among them, EU's fiscal discipline as well as French economic reform. At the end of the ceremony, a 21-gun salute will ring out from the other side of the River Seine. 14 May 2017 Pope Francis makes two shepherd children saints A century ago, three shepherd children claimed to have visions of the Virgin Mary at Fatima, Portugal . This was taken by John Paul II to be a prophecy of the assassination attempt against him in 1981. 14 May 2017 UFC 211: Stipe Miocic defeats Junior Dos Santos with first round knockout Miocic knocked Junior dos Santos (18-5) out in the first round after Santos appeared to get caught up on the edge of the cage. He does his best work in fact when he's utilizing his jabs and feints to mix in his wrestling and visa versa. Manchester United reach the Europa League final United took a 1-0 lead from the first leg in Spain and were leading with a same scoreline for the majority of the second leg. European football's governing body only overturns decisions made by the referee in cases of mistaken identity. Oubre gets Game 4 suspension for Olynyk spat How you gonna take a charge like that? Oubre charged Olynyk and knocked him to the floor with a forearm to the chest. Another guy rushed him and chucked him on the ground. "I've been asked about it a couple of days in a row now". Women march against Maduro government in Venezuela At least 35 people have died amid political chaos and turmoil surrounding the country for a month. Isolated clashes between protesters and police took place in Caracas , media reports said. 14 May 2017 Juventus can win Champions League: Allegri This time, it could be Juventus' year, especially after it eased past the Catalan team 3-0 on aggregate in the quarterfinals. He's been probably the most influential player in it". "I am going to stay and I think all the players are going to stay". 14 May 2017 Japan strongly protests North Korea firing of ballistic missile - Suga On Saturday, Chinese leader Xi Jinping launched a major trade and infrastructure project with multiple world leaders in Beijing. One may have been a KN-14, another missile capable of reaching the USA mainland, although it has a slightly shorter range. United States calls for stronger sanctions against N Korea The latest "provocation" should serve as a call for all nations to implement far stronger sanctions against the North, it said. Recently, he has mentioned talking to Kim Jong-un but also warned that North Korea risks a "major, major conflict". Follow Us! Join The Conversation We are pleased to provide this opportunity to share information, experiences and observations about what's in the news. Some of the comments may be reprinted elsewhere in the site or in the newspaper. Thank you for taking the time to offer your thoughts. Trending on oakridgeobserver.com News Chronicle Senate Committee subpoenas Michael Flynn in Russia investigation He said then she informed the White House counsel's office that there were materials relevant to the situation involving Flynn. Trump, his associates or Russia's attempt to meddle in it the election?" asked Sen. Nadal snaps winless streak vs Djokovic to reach Madrid final I felt like I was playing well throughout the week. "I knew that I had to play well". "I tried my best". Serving for the match in final game, Nadal made an atrocious error to waste his second match point. Trump and Russia: Who are the people in the spotlight? Yates appeared before the subcommittee on Monday to testify about alleged Russian attempts to interfere in the 2016 election. Trump has been quite vocal when denying reports about his presidential campaign's links with Russian Federation for months. US Senate committee subpoenas former Trump adviser Flynn over Russia CNN learned of the subpoenas hours before President Donald Trump fired Federal Bureau of Investigation director James Comey. Flynn is part of a larger investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 presidential election . Canelo vows to KO Chavez About 90 minutes later, Alvarez had changed into a suit and tie to pose for the first staredown with Gennady Golovkin. It was two years removed from the disappointment of Floyd Mayweather Jr.'s lopsided victory over Manny Pacquiao . US says Trump 'can't imagine Russia pleased' with North Korea missile The move came just a day after the rogue nation indicated it was open to talks with the United States to ease mounting tensions. Moon had said in his inauguration speech that he was willing to visit Pyongyang "in the right circumstances" to ease tensions. Moon condemns N. Korean missile launch Army confirmed that the launch was successful but stressed that the missile tested was not a long-range missile. The White House released a statement at 10:44pm Saturday in regards to the latest North Korean missile launch. Simeone: No need to clarify my Atletico future Real Madrid manager, Zinedine Zidane, has admitted that he can only be allowed to continue by the club, if he delivers trophies. Gabriel Mercado hopes to ruin Madrid's title aspirations as he aims for maximum points from Sevilla's two remaining fixtures. We are closing the gap on the Tories - Corbyn on Labour's results So it's hard to say whether today's results, which saw Labour lose control of three councils, and lose 100 councillors, mean much. In its actual council races, the party lost a handful of seats in each of England, Wales, and Scotland. Why Mourinho was not bothered about losing to Arsenal Wayne Rooney had a chance to put United in front after 31 minutes when he latched on to Rob Holding's very bad back pass. And in the case of United, despite Liverpool's repeated stumbles of late, they may have given up on it entirely. Tendencies Bank of England cuts United Kingdom growth forecast Ad Buy Seeks to Defend Ryan, House GOP After Health Care Vote Hamilton beats Vettel to pole position in Spain Melissa McCarthy spices up Manhattan streets for Saturday Night Live Celtics put together strong team effort to win again at home Washington has resisted in a series with "Boston" (ORCL) Shares Bought by Addison Capital Co Eliud Kipchoge runs the fastest Marathon in history Kremlin says 'too early' to speak of thaw in Russia-US ties Met Gala 2017: The 15 Most Memorable Looks From Fashion's Big Night Moon rises: New South Korean president raises hopes of regional peace Trump Says 'Fast Decision' Likely on FBI Comey Replacement Spurs' Kawhi Leonard to play in Game 1 vs. Warriors Donald Trump lampooned for Australian healthcare praise Boston Red Sox Vs. Minnesota Twins: 3-game series prediction oakridgeobserver.com in social   ﻿ Home Contacts Copyright © 2017 — oakridgeobserver.com. All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EXCLUSIVE - Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals her doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and claims that the handwriting could have been 'easily duplicated' 'They left my baby on the ground to die': Cops are accused of handcuffing 15-year-old and watching him die after they shot him when he 'rammed an officer with a stolen car during chase' Just 29 percent approve of Trump's firing of James Comey and another 46 percent believe FBI director was sacked to slow Russian investigation  The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for work on Mother's Day prompting a lockdown Miss conservative! African-American nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles How much do you make a year compared to the rest of the world? Online tool shows how your salary ranks - and what you could do with it Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on Facebook Live and then running into the bar where his ex-girlfriend works Hero mom is killed on Mother's Day as she pushes her daughter, 16, out of the way of an out-of-control car driven by 80-year-old EXCLUSIVE: Surfer who beat global hack reveals that he is working with spooks to thwart a ZOMBIE cyber attack today and fears for his safety but has been inundated with job offers Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal' 14-year-old son becomes the youngest person ever to graduate college in Texas Cops search three properties after 'major break' in the case of eight family members who were shot execution style at their homes in Ohio Blood-soaked man carrying a human HEAD walks into an Oregon grocery store and stabs an employee Mom steps out! Ivanka Trump pops in white as she and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with their children Lindsay Graham says Trump needs to 'back off' and let Russia investigation 'go forward'... and calls on James Comey to testify before a Judiciary Committee Trump is mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer, Priebus, Bannon and the president's attorney out of their White House posts James Clapper says U.S. institutions are 'under assault' - including at the hands of President Trump   James Clapper says Russia will view ex-FBI Director James Comey's firing as 'another victory on the scoreboard for them' James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Kellyanne Conway calls out Anderson Cooper for eye roll - says it was 'possibly sexist, definitely Trumpist' Flash mob of 200 spells out 'RESIST!' in 30-foot-tall letters at Trump's golf club near Los Angeles Trump ordered emergency meetings to deal with massive global computer ransomware attack US plane is 'buzzed' AGAIN by Russian jet over the Black Sea in the second such incident this week Previous Next Second Ebola case confirmed in Congo outbreak: Health officials try to trace 125 people linked to the cases World Health Organisation experts are trying to track contacts of the first victim Three people have died among the 19 confirmed or suspected cases of Ebola The outbreak has happened in a remote northeastern province of the DR Congo Some 300,000 doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are being prepared   By Reuters Published: 20:41 EDT, 14 May 2017 | Updated: 20:57 EDT, 14 May 2017 e-mail 15 shares 24 View comments The World Health Organisation (WHO) have confirmed a second case of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Health officials are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele near the border with Central African Republic. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases, he added. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases (file image) It was not immediately clear how the first victim, a deceased male, caught the virus, although past outbreaks have been linked to contact with infected bush meat such as apes. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Ebola epidemic declared by World Health Organisation after... Mother shares heartbreaking photos showing how meningococcal... Share this article Share The dense forests of Congo contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976. The country has since experienced many outbreaks and has been mostly successful in containing them without large-scale loss of life. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government on the matter. The Ebola virus: The latest outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea Share or comment on this article e-mail 15 shares Most watched News videos Shocking moment a child on a scooter collides with a moving car Boxer Chavez pictured with women in hotel room after fight Government urged to clarify if cyber attack was preventable Lucie Jones blasts out the UK entry for Eurovision 2017 Alex Hanscombe: my mother had premonitions she would be attacked Horrific 100mph motorbike crash after drivers pull wheelies Theresa May praises NHS staff in wake of cyber attack Sign language interpreter steals the show during Snoop performance Kate, Wills, and Harry host Buckingham Palace party Emmanuel Macron arrives to be sworn in as France's new president Prime Minister Theresa May responds to the NHS cyber attack The Day the Dinosaurs Died: BBC releases trailer for new dino show Terrifying moment a young child is hit by a car as he... Sealed with a kiss: Emmanuel Macron, 39, gives his... Married boxer Julio César Chávez Jr is 'robbed of his... Eight-year-old girl is left unable to walk or talk... 'I wasn't buying smashed avocado for $19 and $4 coffees':... Wayne Rooney 'lost £500,000 in two-hour late-night casino... The 30 seconds that sentenced dinosaurs to their doom:... Trump mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer,... 'They left my baby cousin on the ground to die': Cops are... International sports star investigated by police 'after... Amazon's secret refund giveaway revealed: Retailer will... Tomorrow could see a ZOMBIE cyber-attack: IT expert who... How Britain's fattest woman lost 18st - but still blames... 'All that was left was his underwear and sandals':... Shower gel set my privates ABLAZE: Woman posts hilarious... Mother shares heartbreaking photos showing how... Wisteria mysteria! Owners heartbroken after stunning... EXCLUSIVE: Hero surfer who beat the virus that wreaked... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 24 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Slim Kim Kardashian celebrates Mother's Day with Kris Jenner and grandma Mary Jo Campbell before jetting out of LA with sister Khloe Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle The Little People, Big World couple's bundle weighed in at 9lb1oz Splashing around! Amber Rose frolics with French Montana in black lacy, fishnet one-piece on beach in Miami Smiled as they embraced in the water Pink-clad Katy Perry treats her mother Mary to the Museum of Ice Cream... after teasing new single The pop diva wore a baby-pink maxi-skirt 'Proud mama': Jennifer Lopez celebrates Mother's Day with twin children...before heading out for date night with beau Alex Rodriguez Busy day Undercover lunch! Jay Z sneaks out the back door with pregnant Beyonce and Blue Ivy after treating them to a meal on Mother's Day Low-key lunch 'I'm just super anxious': Kim Kardashian testifies against robbers who were 'following' her on KUWTK Was a nervous wreck 'She raised me to be the woman I am today': Ariel Winter pays homage to older sister on Mother's Day after infamous falling out with her mom African-American nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA Actor Powers Boothe, who starred in Sin City and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., dies of natural causes at age 68 in Los Angeles Died in his sleep I 'would be lucky to be half as magical as you': Kesha pays warm Mother's Day tribute to mother Pebe Sebert Posted an essay detailing her upbringing 'I marvel at you': Justin Timberlake 'bows down' to Jessica Biel in heartfelt Mother's Day message They have been married since October 2012 'Feeling blessed': Jessica Alba gushes over Mother's Day party as she celebrates with her two kids and doting husband Cash Celebrated in style No Champagne, Papi! Drake chaperones his cousin and her date at high school prom and hosts afterparty for school friends Caring cousin Ciara shares sweet video of son Future smelling a rose with Russell Wilson...after quarterback was slammed for Mother's day note Honor thy mother! Jennifer Garner brings her children to church on Mother's Day... a month after divorce filing from Ben Affleck She was beaming Miss USA co-hosts Ashley Graham and Julianne Hough dazzle the pageant... before Kara McCullough's win Crowned Italian-born Kára McCullough, 25 'My life is too big': Phaedra Parks trash talks Kandi Burruss in RHOA: Secrets Revealed filmed before reported firing Drama on the show Jennifer Lawrence offers up her heart in new poster for upcoming horror film Mother!...which was directed by her older beau Darren Aronofsky 'I went to rehab': SNL star Pete Davidson playfully talks receiving treatment...two months after admitting he 'quit drugs' Gave the update on SNL They're having a baby! Comedian Kevin Hart reveals his wife Eniko Parrish is pregnant with a boy Made the announcement on social media Sunday Bikini face off! Emily Ratajkowski and her mother Kathleen pose side-by-side in two pieces as they hang out by the pool in Mother's Day post 'Don't be jealous': Chrissy Teigen strips down to her underwear to get a lower back tattoo with a stranger after John Legend danced with a woman 'There is no bigger love that I have ever experienced': Gisele Bundchen posts sweet tribute to her children and her mom for Mother's Day WAGS Miami stunner Ashley Nicole Roberts and NFL veteran Philip Wheeler marry in Curacao Wed at sunset in front of 100 loved ones Sealed with a kiss! Mustachioed David Hasselhoff, 64, is caught in a passionate embrace with fiancee Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Seven years together He's married! Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons ties the knot with beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at NYC's Rainbow Room Big day for star  'She told me I was beautiful when we shaved my head': Shannen Doherty makes emotional Mother's Day post as she recovers from cancer Back in black! Ariel Winter looks fetching in strapless mini dress after celebrating her six month anniversary with Levi Meaden Alluring Instagram post Two good! Derek Jeter takes the field at Yankee Stadium with his pregnant wife to see his number retired three years after he left the game A sheer delight! Pamela Anderson, 49, looks half her age as she models see-through top and tiny shorts after Baywatch premiere in Miami Khloe Kardashian gushes over Australian mother-of-two who has been named as the latest model in her denim line's 'Good Squad' Britney Spears cuddles sister Jaime Lynn and mom Lynne in heartwarming throwback snap for Mother's Day Touching post Going strong! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs have a laugh as they celebrate his 31st birthday with pals in LA Arrived to join friends at Akasha restaurant What a relief! Twitter restaurant critic Cat Deeley is happy after Mother's Day meal with son Milo and Patrick Kielty She looked chuffed Twice as nice! Lady Gaga flashes svelte physique in crop top and pencil skirt...after rocking funky yellow sweater and flared trousers Hands-on mama! Anne Hathaway rings in Mother's Day with son Jonathan and husband Adam Shulman during flea market shopping trip Crown Princess Mary 'BANNED from seeing her best friend' Caroline Fleming because her 'party lifestyle is a bad look for a future queen' 'Told she has to cut ties' 'I'm blessed!': Katie Holmes poses alongside daughter Suri for Mother's Day... as rumours continue to swirl she's serious with Jamie Foxx 'Everyone should just be who they want to be': Harry Styles reveals he has never labelled his sexuality... and teases friendship with ex Taylor Swift A heartbreaking Mother's Day! RHONJ star Teresa Giudice shares photo of late mom on Mother's Day... as her husband Joe sits in prison The Dark Knight rises to the occasion! Christian Bale celebrates Mother's Day by treating wife Sibi and kids to breakfast in Brentwood 'That's my baby!' Jon Voight wishes formerly estranged daughter Angelina Jolie a happy Mother's Day Oscar-winning father-daughter duo 'The kind of talent that he has': Tom Cruise gushes over working with Russell Crowe in The Mummy before revealing he did his own stunts in ZERO gravity 'Happy Mother's Day to the Queen! The boss!': Khloe Kardashian shares touching note for Kris Jenner after play date with Dream Momager In no mood to smile! Hilaria Baldwin appears to be in gloomy spirits as she strolls in NYC with Alec and their three kids on Mother's Day Family day out 'No-one wants them crossing paths': Exes Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise face potential reunion with the pair scheduled to be Down Under at same time Billie Lourd endures first Mother's Day without mom Carrie Fisher as she shares touching snap from her childhood Died in December 'The classic tomboy became a mum': Naomi Watts shares childhood photo of herself alongside school snaps of her lookalike sons in Mother's Day post 'So happy we are back in touch': Elton John, 70, wishes mom Sheila, 92, a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement Famously reconciled The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant Christie's Auction House accused of botching sale Night out! Alessandra Ambrosio slips on skintight leather bottoms with fringed poncho for dinner with her gal pals at Nobu in Malibu Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned tummy as she holds hands with boyfriend Zayn Malik before posting sweet Mother's Day tribute Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct Hauled off the stage  Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in a silver flapper-inspired beaded gown at the opening of plush Bodrum Hotel in Turkey Showstopper 'Always know how grateful I am to be your mom!': Reese Witherspoon shares rare photo with all three of her kids on Mother's Day Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy as she makes a solo exit after partying with her rapper beau Rocky at a birthday bash in LA 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager Praise on Mother's Day  'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 'seal the deal after she visits his family in Houston following whirlwind romance' The Crown is SNUBBED at the BAFTA TV Awards as it loses out on five gongs... with the UK channel's dramas triumphing instead Hit series Thandie Newton stuns in floor-length sequined lilac gown at the BAFTA TV Awards The 44-year-old sizzled as she attended the awards ceremony Cuba Gooding Jr mocks the Oscars mix-up when he announces Moonlight as a TV BAFTA winner... before handing the gong to Phoebe Waller-Bridge Leonardo DiCaprio spotted chatting with a mystery woman as he spends afternoon in Malibu without his supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal 'I'm 50, and I'm working more than ever!': Ageless beauty Salma Hayek sizzles for photo shoot as she says roles are 'richer' now Looked gorgeous  Lena Dunham is working out to manage her anxiety and not to look like a sex symbol, says trainer Tracy Anderson Is practicing yoga  Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart suffers a Marilyn moment in pink mini dress with sexy cut-outs at the waist as she attends premiere in Miami Now Gwyneth Paltrow's site claims CUCUMBERS are dangerous: Goop faces backlash from nutritionists for claiming lectin causes dementia  Walking Dead star Christian Serratos announces on Instagram she has given birth to her first child with boyfriend David Boyd Happy Mother's Day from Hollywood! Cindy Crawford kicks off celebrity tributes Cindy Crawford, 51, was one of the first, who shared an image  'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' Unconventional fashion fad 'So excited to celebrate my first Mother's Day!': Pregnant Heidi Pratt posts photo of her baby bump as she's now 18 weeks along NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter enjoys date night with pregnant wife Hannah Davis as he readies to retire his famous jersey  Special weekend  Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks incredibly youthful as she hits charity event celebrating her late Charlie's Angels co-star Farrah Fawcett The 1970s sex symbol 'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' British supermodel Kate Moss has spoken   'It's getting painful to watch rape so frequently': Joseph Fiennes and Elisabeth Moss shock viewers with controversial scene in The Handmaid's Tale Get knotted: Game of Thrones actress Emilia Clarke flashes a hint of her abs in tied-up shirt and white jeans as she heads to the cinema with a pal  Switcheroo! This Is Us will be moving from Tuesdays to Thursdays as NBC unveils its autumn schedule Sophomore season begins in the fall Liam Payne posts sweet Mother's Day message to Cheryl and his own mum... after admitting he needed convincing about naming his son Bear Fab in florals! Michelle Williams looks radiant in ornate cocktail dress at Louis Vuitton Resort 2018 show in Miho Museum in Japan Elaborately designed See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  'The greatest accomplishment of my life': Madonna posts stunning close-up photo of daughter Lourdes while praising her six kids A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two Mother's Day tributes as she shares photo with her first husband instead Posted pic of Robert That's not very regal! The Crown star Claire Foy goes braless in dramatic dress as she competes for Best Actress prize at TV BAFTAs 2017 'My Stormtrooper look': Gillian Anderson arrives at the TV BAFTAs on crutches in a floral gown after posting a picture of her foot in a cast The actress, 48, shone  Zooey Deschanel's TV show New Girl 'will be picked up for its seventh and final season' The show also stars Hannah Simone and Jake Johnson Engaged and pregnant! NFL star Robert Griffin III and girlfriend Grete Sadeiko break the news on Instagram as she flashes diamond ring Great news  Better luck next time! Model Nina Agdal cancels trip to Australia for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week due to issues with her working visa Katy Perry SPITS OUT cherry pie she's fed on the Wango Tango red carpet ...but rewards herself with cake after sexy performance  Flashing her tummy! Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca wears crop top to hit disco-themed birthday party in West Hollywood Studio 54 theme 'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy 'I love you!': Heidi Klum, 43, shares rare flashback photo with her mom Erna on Mother's Day... and they look nearly identical Black-and-white photo  Are they the new One Direction? Boy band PRETTYMUCH leave Simon Cowell's Beverley Hills mansion following rumors they have been signed by the mogul Lady Louise Windsor, 13, looks every inch the young royal as she takes the reins (and she is growing more like mother Sophie every day) Payne in the neck! Liam 'christens' Niall Horan with bling by putting his favourite gold chain around pals neck after 1D boys poke fun at his jewelery choices Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson sizzle in sexy dresses at star-studded Baywatch premiere  Split! Fargo actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead announces she has separated from husband Riley Sterns after seven years of marriage Sad news  Barry Manilow, 73, cancels two concerts on doctor's orders because of 'sprained vocal chords' 73-year-old singing legend Saturday Night Lively! Ryan Reynolds and wife Blake make surprise appearance on SNL... as host Melissa McCarthy gets her Five Timer jacket Jessica Gomes, 32, discusses her sex scene with Bruce Willis, 62... as she reveals her real-life romance with Xavier Samuel is getting serious Relaxed Ellie Goulding indulges in a few glasses of champagne as she enjoys an al fresco lunch with friends in London Looked radiant  Mom steps out! Ivanka Trump pops in white as she and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with their children Family day  Paris Jackson wears ripped boho T-shirt and cropped khaki pants to pick up Mother's Day presents for Debbie Rowe  Very bohemian 'I wear sunglasses and bucket loads of concealer because I'm up all night with the children': Victoria Beckham wears lip print line in Hong Kong Sophie Turner smoulders in a showstopping one-shoulder metallic dress at the Louis Vuitton fashion show in Japan Melissa McCarthy's Spicey gets the kiss of death from Alec Baldwin's Trump on SNL after the press secretary had doubts about defending boss  Late night! Tomb Raider star Alicia Vikander looks sleepy as she leaves London restaurant with a friend She's accustomed to rugged wear  Having a Carey-free time! Mariah and Nick Cannon are the friendliest of exes as they host fun family party with twins Monroe and Moroccan Katy Perry sizzles in sexy futuristic neon bodysuit and pink dominatrix suspender leggings as she storms the stage at Wango Tango in LA It runs in the family! Kaia Gerber, 15, and Cindy Crawford, 51, are pretty in patterns as they lead stars at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch 'Friends are convinced the writing is on the wall': Nicole Scherzinger 'hasn't seen boyfriend for two months'... as he is spotted with ex Maria Sharapova Flower power! Kate Hudson is feminine in a floral skirt  as she bonds with her sons ahead of Mother's Day She is the proud mother to two sons Music City marriage! Dan Smyers of country duo Dan + Shay weds love Abby Law in Nashville After a three-and-a-half years as a couple Don't mind the gap! Mel Gibson, 61, strolls hand in hand with girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, as they wear matching stripes in Los Angeles Looked contented  Happy Ever after! Milla Jovovich attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch in Malibu with her daughter Dressed for spring  Upton girl! Kate walks her pet dog Harley in sky high $965 Manolo Blahniks and a tracksuit... (and a full face of make-up) in Hollywood  Thigh's the limit! Charlotte McKinney exhibits her slim stems in thigh-baring gown at beachside Baywatch premiere Didn't fail to stun Major style! Hailee Steinfeld shows off her pop-star physique in strappy miltary-chic bustier at Wango Tango She was in top form at the day-long concert On fine form! Zara Tindall wows spectators with her show-jumping skills at the Chatsworth Horse Trials  Displayed her athletic prowess  Kevin Bacon gets well acquainted with his topless co-star Kathryn Hahn as he fondles her in provocative scenes for his new comedy series I Love Dick Wrong direction: Harry Styles says he is a Remainer as Brexit 'symbolises the opposite of the world I would like to be in' after launch of his album Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch beachside premiere No swimsuits in sight David Beckham denies he is 'set to splash out £7m on private island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' 'She's rarely seen by always there': Margot Robbie and Kylie Minogue pay touching tributes to their mums on Mother's Day Gushing Real housewife, great mom! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Crikey! The Irwin family swap khaki for glamour as they attend Beverly Hills Gala Dinner in honour of the late Crocodile Hunter Admirably continued Lady Louise Windsor, 13, follows in the footsteps of her grandfather Prince Philip as they both drive carriages at the Royal Windsor Horse Show Tess-ting the waters? Naked Diet chef Ward is seen leaving Harry Styles' secret gig in London... as rumors of their new romance continue to swirl 'I wish I'd known': Harry Styles admits he was unaware of former bandmate Zayn Malik's eating disorder and regrets not being able to help him Beautiful in blue! Freida Pinto is elegant in dark navy midi gown as she attends LGBT charity event in LA Actress looked stunning in a navy  Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with pals Spanx for the memories: Leggy Katherine Jenkins reveals a little too much in her dress following final performance of Carousel A Cyrus surprise: Sisters Miley and Noah Cyrus present their mom Tish with 50th birthday cake on stage at Wango Tango concert in LA Spelling it out! Miley Cyrus wears earring with fiance Liam Hemsworth's name while performing at Wango Tango in LA Australian boyfriend 'I wasn't going to fight her about it': Liam Payne reveals he wasn't sure about son Bear's unique moniker but 'let Cheryl choose it as she's done all the work' George and Amal Clooney 'build a luxurious all-weather tennis court' in the grounds of their sprawling $25million Berkshire mansion     DON'T MISS Wonder in white! Vanessa Hudgens shows off taut tummy in flowy two-piece number at Best Buddies Mother's Day Brunch Brunch in Malibu Malibu mama! Megan Fox looks stunning with super-long brunette locks as she's spotted with Brian Austin Green and their sons Casual outing with family Not skipping his veggies! Shrinking Jonah Hill shows off gym-honed figure as he fetches a healthy lunch at trendy Hollywood market NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter says pregnant wife Hannah Davis landed him a lifetime supply of beef jerky Big Apple hero  Still going strong! Julia Roberts snuggles up to husband of 15 years Danny Moder as he puts his arm around her in Malibu Seen getting cozy Playing doubles! Cristiano Ronaldo watches the Madrid Open Final with stunning Spanish girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez Soccer legend  Ashlee Simpson Ross contrasts platinum blonde with black ensemble as Jaime King is racy in lace for Lucky Brand jeans event Leading the stars Kourtney Kardashian 'grows sick of mothering on/off beau Scott Disick as she FINALLY calls things quits amid toyboy romance' 'It's happening': Ashley Graham is 'so excited' to return as judge of America's Next Top Model alongside Tyra Banks Back for another season 'Everybody decided to let it go:' Goldie Hawn says The First Wives Club-inspired collaboration with Netflix 'didn't work out' Hollywood beauty 'I'm a damn good mom and know what I'm doing': Snooki strikes back at online trolls who criticize her mothering skills Pre-Mother's Day post 'You did this!': The cast and creator of NBC's Timeless takes to Twitter to celebrate show's surprise renewal Reversed course 'My Betty Boop bod': Chelsea Handler, 42, flaunts her chest and toned bikini body after bragging she got her 'figure together this year' 'Don't feed kids s**t everyday!' Jamie Oliver says having healthy kids is 'really basic' and reveals his 'biggest hurdle' is that 'humans just f**king hate change' Dynamic duo! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin dazzle at Grace And Frankie event in LA The Tinseltown legends were nicely dressed at the industry event 'Oi, Bruce, get your d*** out': Caitlyn Jenner 'suffers vile transphobic abuse' as she leaves an LGBT awards show in London  Transphobic abuse  Old feud heats up! Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa makes crude reference to fight that led to Christina split as she says she has 'no time for bullsh**' 'Having a closet full of shoes doesn't fill up your life': Oprah Winfrey gives a wisdom-filled commencement speech at Agnes Scott College Heartfelt words They could be sisters! Kim Zolciak, 38, and daughter Brielle, 20, flash the flesh as they both reveal their bikini bodies on social media Enjoying a vacation Roses among Rosé! Laura Dern, Jaime King and Ali Larter are floral fashion delights as they toast to Mother's Day a little early Perfectly styled for spring Dance Moms vet Abby Lee Miller nearly trips while exiting restaurant after she is handed a one-year prison sentence for tax fraud Preparing for jail  'Hmm this s*** is funny!!' Kim Zolciak-Biermann shades RHOA castmate Kenya Moore BEFORE season 10 of Bravo's reality show begins 'I haven't seen it': Harry Styles reveals he hasn't watched his new film Dunkirk but 'would have been excited' had he not 'been involved in it' Surprising admission 'Handsome boy': Proud father David Beckham joins lookalike son Brooklyn for a selfie as they enjoy another father-son bonding session Harry's brave little soldiers: Five years after the Taliban killed their father, three children and their proud mother join hundreds and meet their Prince  A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA Ready for summer All love here! Sofia Vergara holds hands with Joe Manganiello outside vegan Café Gratitude in LA after claims their marriage was in trouble Naomi Watts shows off her penchant for style in Vogue Australia cover shoot as she opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber stating 'there are good and bad days' 'I love being in people's homes': Nicole Kidman reveals she wants to do more television...while hinting at a possible sequel to the HBO hit Little Big Lies The moment Love & Hip Hop reality star Tommie Lee was thrown off a plane for 'refusing to give up her glass of wine' Booted off a flight You can't hide with that on! Mickey Rourke contrasts his camouflage as he chauffeurs his pet pooch in a blue Bentley Standing out Princess Diana's former lover James Hewitt 'fights for his life after suffering a heart attack and stroke'  Was given a 'slim chance' of survival 'Be careful opening those things': Tom Cruise cheekily jokes about opening sarcophagi ahead of his summer thriller The Mummy 'Hi love!': Taylor Swift sends flowers and a card to a fan who invited the pop star to her graduation party The pop star delighted fan Ashley Silvers  Her time to shine! Bella Thorne dances in skimpy star print bikini as she gears up for a day by the pool Summer is just around the corner 'There is always 2 sides of the coin': Adriana Lima hits back at baseball fans who accuse her of ruining their season by dumping star pitcher Matt Harvey 'They thought she did an amazing job': Phoebe Waller-Bridge 'is poised to be the first female Doctor Who' after impressing in BBC comedy Miley Cyrus' younger sister Noah models denim coveralls and T-shirt while performing at Wango Tango music festival Kept things quite low-key Kourtney Kardashian keeps her head down in LA after singing show tunes with sister Khloe during silly Snapchat post From Santa Barbara James Bond hopeful Idris Elba dresses down in casual shorts as he launches new campaign to help 'ordinary people's dreams come true' Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa is seen wakeboarding in Arizona with Christina look-alike after he took a dig at ex on social media Passive aggressive post It's a pirate's life for this Beatle! Paul McCartney CONFIRMS he has small role in Pirates Of The Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Naomi Watts opens up about split with ex Liev Schreiber after 11 years together and calls him 'a fantastic dad' and 'a wonderful, wonderful man' What's old is new again! Lyrics to Selena Gomez's new song Bad Liar are leaked and fans think it's another nod to ex Justin Bieber Promoting the song 'I'm excited!': Paula Abdul talks return of American Idol... and addresses if she'd ever make an appearance on ABC's revamped version Says she has 'no idea' Zayn Malik is urging his fans to raise money for a friend to undergo 'quack' cancer treatments, say top doctors  Former One Direction star 'I thought it was a catfish... it was so surreal': Drake whisks busty Irish glamour model Ava Van Rose on tour with him for SIX weeks  Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian pose with Planned Parenthood staff in LA as organization faces cuts from American Health Care Act Gwynnie's organic Goop? It's full of chemical gloop: Tests show Paltrow's beauty range isn't nearly as 'green' as she thinks  Artificial ingredients They can't get enough of each other! Kourtney Kardashian is seen leaving cozy hotel with young lover Younes after 'she throws Scott Disick to curb' Kate, Wills and Harry put on a show as they treat children of servicemen and women who died for their country to Buckingham Palace garden party Pippa preps for perfect pins at 'leg school for the stars' (and guess who's getting fit for the wedding there too!) London club promises to create the perfect pins Papa bear! Ryan Gosling has grizzly on shirt as he makes rare sighting with daughter Esmeralda and mom... as Eva Mendes is nowhere to be seen She's a work of art! Rita Ora is immortalised in self-commissioned painting that is set to raise more than £20,000 for breast cancer charity 'Coming to save you!': Marilyn Monroe look-alike Courtney Stodden does her best slow-mo bikini Baywatch run on the beach Look away Kim! Ms Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban chows down on the star's favorite junk food as he heads into LAX airport He loves junk food  Bumping along! Serena Williams drapes tummy in colorful dress as she begins first Mother's Day weekend Posed for Instagram in a colorful dress Always ahead of the pack! Age-defying Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a leggy display in stunning white minidress at the Monaco ePrix Vision in white GIRL ABOUT TOWN's Star Moves: Noel Gallagher knocks $2.5m off his home, Lily Allen quits the Cotswolds and Ellie Golding is moving to New York  King Arthur and Snatched set to battle it out for No. 2 at box office as neither has muscle to blast Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 off top spot Tropical twosome! Loved up Margot Robbie and new husband Tom Ackerley wear matching pineapple themed shirts during romantic Hawaiian getaway Bachelorette JoJo Fletcher and fiancé Jordan Rodgers pay gushing tributes to each other as they celebrate their first anniversary Romantic ceremony She's graduated from college! Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, gets her diploma after 'struggling' for SIX YEARS Delaware State  Sealed with a kiss! John Legend visits Seaquarium with wife Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna as his tour kicks off Enjoyed family time  'We couldn't be happier': Brie Bella and Daniel Bryan thank fans for 'support' after welcoming firstborn daughter Birdie Daniels Happy days  'I ate a T-bone steak every night!': Kelly Rohrbach did NOT DIET but instead loaded up on protein due to intense workouts for Baywatch The 27-year-old beauty  Geri Horner enjoys a bonding session with daughter Bluebell as they join Preeya Kalidas and the School Of Rock cast backstage in the West End The hardest-working woman in show business! Jennifer Lopez rolls on Shades Of Blue in New York City The 47-year-old star continues going strong 'To my haters, thank you!': Bella Thorne flashes her toned tummy in black crop top as she takes down trolls in Instagram video Famous In Love star She's a morning person! Rob Kardashian shares Instagram photo at 6 am of baby Dream he had with Blac Chyna Rob Kardashian posted a sweet Instagram photo Busty in the Big Apple! Lea Michele posts Instagram photo of cleavage-baring cocktail dress she wore to Sabra hummus event Smoldered Marvelous in Miami! Kelly Rohrbach looks pretty in cocktail dress as David Hasselhoff sports a mustache while they promote Baywatch Wore her hair up  'Love this moment!': Drew Barrymore shares cute throwback snap of herself kissing daughter Olive before Mother's Day Got ahead of the curve  Today's headlines Most Read EXCLUSIVE - Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals her doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a... 'They left my baby cousin on the ground to die': Cops are accused of handcuffing 15-year-old and watching... Just 29 percent approve of Trump's firing of James Comey and another 46 percent believe FBI director was... More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for work on Mother's Day prompting a lockdown The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond... Miss conservative! African-American nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says... Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles How much do you make a year compared to the rest of the world? Online tool shows how your salary ranks - and... Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on Facebook Live and then running into the bar where his... Hero mom is killed on Mother's Day as she pushes her daughter, 16, out of the way of an out-of-control car... EXCLUSIVE: Hero surfer who beat the virus that wreaked havoc across the globe reveals he is working with... Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal' fourteen-year-old becomes the youngest ever graduate of Texas... Cops search three properties after 'major break' in the case of eight family members who were shot execution... Blood-soaked man carrying a human HEAD walks into an Oregon grocery store and stabs an employee Mom steps out! Ivanka Trump pops in white as she and husband Jared Kushner head out for Mother's Day with... Lindsay Graham says Trump needs to 'back off' and let Russia investigation 'go forward'... and calls on... Trump mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer, Priebus, Bannon and the president's attorney out of... James Clapper says U.S. institutions are 'under assault' - including at the hands of President Trump   James Clapper says Russia will view ex-FBI Director James Comey's firing as 'another victory on the... James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during... Kellyanne Conway calls out Anderson Cooper for eye roll - says it was 'possibly sexist, definitely Trumpist' Flash mob of 200 spells out 'RESIST!' in 30-foot-tall letters at Trump's golf club near Los Angeles Trump ordered emergency meetings to deal with massive global computer ransomware attack US plane is 'buzzed' AGAIN by Russian jet over the Black Sea in the second such incident this week Un-hinged? Kim Jong-un is pictured cheering as his new ballistic missile that can 'almost carry a nuke to... Pope Francis says he will be 'sincere' with Donald Trump as he wants to seek common ground during their... Déjà vu! Brigitte Macron, 64, channels Melania Trump and Jackie Kennedy in a powder blue power suit as she... 'Brains and beauty': Donald Trump's lawyer defends posting a picture of his 21-year-old daughter in lingerie... Trump tweets a tribute to Melania and America's moms as he turns up to his golf course to play yet ANOTHER... MORE HEADLINES Married boxer Julio César Chávez Jr is 'robbed of his $40K watch by scantily clad women who posted footage of the theft online' after losing his Vegas fight   Trump mulling a 'huge reboot' that could kick Spicer, Priebus, Bannon and the president's attorney out of their White House posts 'They left my baby cousin on the ground to die': Cops are accused of handcuffing 15-year-old and watching him die after they shot him when he 'rammed an officer with a stolen car during chase' Sealed with a kiss: Emmanuel Macron, 39, gives his glamorous wife Brigitte, 64, a peck on the lips after being sworn in as France's youngest ever president James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Landlady, 65, 'killed by her tenant just days after begging a judge to evict him' recorded her own murder Mom breaks down in tears as her 'normal' fourteen-year-old becomes the youngest ever graduate of Texas university Mother shares heartbreaking photos showing how meningococcal disease ravaged her three-year-old daughter in just 13 hours and left her fighting for her life The 30 seconds that sentenced dinosaurs to their doom: New BBC documentary reveals the moment an asteroid NINE-MILES long hit the earth and wiped out an entire species International sports star investigated by police 'after they infected his former lover with HIV and didn't reveal their condition' Murderer who killed his 73-year-old neighbor asks for a huge 5,000 calorie last meal before his execution on Tuesday - after his request to be killed by firing squad was denied 'All that was left was his underwear and sandals': Zimbabwean pastor demonstrating how Jesus walked on water for his congregation is eaten alive by three CROCODILES Musician commits suicide by setting himself on fire on Facebook Live and then running into the bar where his ex-girlfriend works Toddler, 2, suffers severe brain injuries when her male babysitter, 16, 'disciplines' her because she 'snuck a piece of candy' Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct How much do you make a year compared to the rest of the world? Online tool shows how your salary ranks - and what you could do with it The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  More than 350 Cook County Jail officers call in sick for work on Mother's Day prompting a lockdown Terrifying moment a young child is hit by a car as he crosses the road on his scooter with his mother Who will reign over all she sees? 51 women vying for the Miss USA title prepare to take the pageant stage Did Texas multimillionaire, 83, get away with the double murder of his ex-wife's daughter and boyfriend 40 years ago? MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo outbreak Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Top News | Mon May 15, 2017 | 8:24am IST WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo outbreak By Aaron Ross | KINSHASA KINSHASA The World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed on Sunday a second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Health officials are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic, WHO's Congo spokesman Eugene Kabambi said. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases, he added. It was not immediately clear how the first victim, a deceased male, caught the virus, although past outbreaks have been linked to contact with infected bush meat such as apes. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. However, Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government on the matter. (Reporting by Aaron Ross; Writing by Emma Farge; Editing by Louise Ireland and Gareth Jones) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Top News North Korea says missile test aimed at testing carrying large nuclear warhead SEOUL North Korea said on Monday it had successfully conducted a newly developed mid-to-long range missile test on Sunday, supervised by leader Kim Jong Un and aimed at verifying the capability to carry a "large scale heavy nuclear warhead." Monsoon rains reach Andaman islands early - weather office MUMBAI Monsoon rains, which are vital for farm output and economic growth in India, reached the country's Andaman and Nicobar islands on Sunday, six days ahead of schedule, the domestic weather office said in a statement. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Some businesses in Asia disrupted by cyber attack, authorities brace for more Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 18 CLOUDY TOKYO (3 p.m.) Markets 113.4 ¥/$ (3 p.m.) News 購読の申し込み SUBSCRIBE Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ This 2007 file handout released by the World Health Organization shows international nongovernmental organization Doctors Without Borders (MSF) doctor Hilde Declerck taking care of a 43-year-old patient, suffering from Ebola haemorrhagic fever (EHF) at an MSF isolation ward in Kampungu. The Democratic Republic of the Congo is facing a new epidemic of Ebola haemorrhagic fever, which occurred in a landlocked northeastern region, where the disease has claimed three deaths since April 22, according to the WHO. | CHRISTOPHER BLACK / WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION / VIA AFP-JIJI World / Science & Health WHO confirms second Ebola case in Congo outbreak Reuters May 15, 2017 Article history Online: May 15, 2017 Last Modified: May 15, 2017 PRINT SHARE KINSHASA – The World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed on Sunday a second case of Ebola in Democratic Republic of Congo after an outbreak this week of 17 other suspected cases. Health officials are trying to trace 125 people thought to be linked to the cases identified in the remote northeastern province of Bas-Uele province in northeastern Congo near the border with Central African Republic, WHO’s Congo spokesman, Eugene Kabambi, said. Three people have so far died among the 19 suspected and confirmed cases, he added. It was not immediately clear how the first victim, a deceased male, caught the virus, although past outbreaks have been linked to contact with infected bush meat such as apes. The outbreak comes just a year after the end of an epidemic in West Africa killed more than 11,300 people mostly in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia. However, Congo, whose dense forests contain the River Ebola near where the disease was first detected in 1976, has experienced many outbreaks and has mostly succeeded in containing them without large-scale loss of life. The GAVI global vaccine alliance said on Friday some 300,000 emergency doses of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck could be available in case of a large-scale outbreak and that it stood ready to support the Congo government on the matter. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords WHO, Congo, West Africa, epidemic, ebola Science & Health More states letting kids bring sunscreen to school without doctor’s OK Egypt discovers mummies at first known necropolis near desert-edge city of Minya NASA delays test of deep-space Orion capsule to 2019 due to costs Congo investigates nine suspected Ebola cases, including three deaths Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Anisakis infections from raw fish on rise, health ministry warns U.S. complains to China about North Korea’s attendance at Silk Road summit Is the sun setting on the U.S. imperium? How her dying father’s lost recipe made Hiroe Tanaka a millionaire Tumultuous week puts Trump presidency on perilous path Land of fear, under Vajiralongkorn North Korea news simmering on front and back burners With tweet on ‘tapes’ of conversations with ousted FBI head Comey, Trump evokes Nixon’s White House Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
