Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Announces New Phase 2 Data on Investigational Triple Combination Therapy MK-3682B for Chronic Hepatitis C KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, today announced the first sustained virologic response1 (SVR) results 12 weeks after completion of therapy (SVR12, considered virologic cure) from C-SURGE , an ongoing, open label Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating MK-3682B [uprifosbuvir (MK-3682)2/grazoprevir3/rusazvir4], the company’s investigational triple-combination therapy in treatment-experienced patients with hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype (GT) 1 infection for whom treatment with approved direct-acting antiviral regimens had failed. The study showed that 100 percent (43/43) of patients who completed 16 weeks of treatment plus ribavirin (RBV) achieved SVR12 and 100 percent (49/49) of patients who completed 24 weeks of treatment achieved SVR12 (abstract PS-159). These results will be presented today at The International Liver Congress™ 2017. “Despite the significant progress made to address the worldwide epidemic of chronic hepatitis C infection, there remains a need for additional treatment options,” said Dr. Heiner Wedemeyer, lead study investigator and research group leader in the department of gastroenterology, hepatology and endocrinology at Hannover Medical School, Germany. “We are encouraged by the high virologic cure rates in the difficult-to-treat patients observed in the C-SURGE study and look forward to further evaluation of this investigational triple-combination therapy.” The Phase 2 C-SURGE study enrolled 94 patients who were randomized to receive a once-daily regimen of MK-3682B for either 16 weeks with RBV (n=45) or 24 weeks without RBV (n=49); one patient in the 16-week arm withdrew prior to starting treatment. Of the 93 patients who received treatment (full analysis set), 57 had previously received a regimen of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir (LDV/SOF) for 12 to 24 weeks, 14 had previously received LDV/SOF for 8 weeks and 22 had previously received ZEPATIER® (elbasvir and grazoprevir) for 12 weeks. Seventy-eight patients who received treatment had at least one baseline NS5A resistance-associated substitution (RAS) at positions 28, 30, 31 or 93. Eighty patients who received treatment in C-SURGE had GT1a infection, and 40 patients had compensated cirrhosis. In the full analysis set, 98 percent of patients who received MK-3682B for 16 weeks with RBV (43/44) and 100 percent of patients who received MK-3682B for 24 weeks without RBV (49/49) achieved SVR12. Results from the modified full analysis set, which excludes one patient in the 16-week arm who withdrew after three doses of treatment, show that 100 percent of patients receiving treatment with MK-3682B for 16 weeks with RBV (43/43) and 100 percent of patients receiving treatment with MK-3682B for 24 weeks without RBV (49/49) achieved SVR12. Across the combined treatment arms, the most common adverse events (AEs) reported in the full analysis set were fatigue (35%), headache (13%), diarrhea (9%), rash (9%) and pruritus (5%). There were no drug-related serious AEs, and no patients discontinued treatment due to a drug-related AE. SVR8 results from the C-SURGE study were previously presented at The Liver Meeting® 2016. About MK-3682B MK-3682B is Merck’s investigational triple-combination therapy in Phase 2 development for the treatment of chronic HCV infection. MK-3682B combines an HCV nucleotide analogue NS5B polymerase inhibitor (MK-3682), an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor (grazoprevir, MK-5172) and an HCV NS5A inhibitor (ruzasvir, MK-8408). About ZEPATIER ®(elbasvir and grazoprevir) 50mg/100mg Tablets ZEPATIER is a fixed-dose combination product containing elbasvir, a HCV NS5A inhibitor, and grazoprevir, an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor. In the United States, ZEPATIER is indicated for the treatment of chronic HCV GT1 or 4 infection in adults. ZEPATIER is indicated for use with ribavirin (RBV) in certain patient populations. Selected Safety Information about ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) The US Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER contains a Boxed Warning about the risk of hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation in patients coinfected with HCV and HBV. Healthcare professionals should test all patients for evidence of current or prior HBV infection by measuring hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and hepatitis B core antibody (anti-HBc) before initiating treatment with ZEPATIER. HBV reactivation has been reported in HCV/HBV coinfected patients who were undergoing or had completed treatment with HCV direct-acting antivirals and were not receiving HBV antiviral therapy. Some cases have resulted in fulminant hepatitis, hepatic failure, and death. Healthcare professionals should monitor HCV/HBV coinfected patients for clinical and laboratory signs of hepatitis flare or HBV reactivation during HCV treatment and post-treatment follow-up. Healthcare professionals should initiate appropriate patient management for HBV infection as clinically indicated. HBV reactivation has been reported in HBsAg positive patients and also in patients with serologic evidence of resolved HBV infection (ie, HBsAg negative and anti-HBc positive). The risk of HBV reactivation may be increased in patients receiving some immunosuppressant or chemotherapeutic agents. HBV reactivation is characterized as an abrupt increase in HBV replication manifesting as a rapid increase in serum HBV DNA level. In patients with resolved HBV infection, reappearance of HBsAg can occur. Reactivation of HBV replication may be accompanied by hepatitis, ie, increases in aminotransferase levels and, in severe cases, increases in bilirubin levels, liver failure, and death can occur. ZEPATIER is not for use in patients with moderate or severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh B or C). ZEPATIER is also not for use with inhibitors of organic anion transporting polypeptides 1B1/3 (OATP1B1/3) that are known or expected to significantly increase grazoprevir plasma concentrations (e.g., atazanavir, darunavir, lopinavir, saquinavir, tipranavir, cyclosporine), strong cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) inducers (e.g., carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, St. John’s Wort), and efavirenz. If ZEPATIER is administered with RBV, healthcare professionals should refer to the prescribing information for RBV as the contraindications, warnings and precautions, adverse reactions and dosing for RBV also apply to this combination regimen. Elevations of alanine transaminase (ALT) to greater than 5 times the upper limit of normal (ULN) occurred in 1% of subjects, generally at or after treatment week 8. These late ALT elevations were typically asymptomatic and most resolved with ongoing or completion of therapy. Healthcare professionals should perform hepatic lab testing on patients prior to therapy, at treatment week 8, and as clinically indicated. For patients receiving 16 weeks of therapy, additional hepatic lab testing should be performed at treatment week 12. Patients should be instructed to consult their healthcare professional without delay if they have onset of fatigue, weakness, lack of appetite, nausea and vomiting, jaundice or discolored feces. Healthcare providers should consider discontinuing ZEPATIER® (elbasvir and grazoprevir) if ALT levels remain persistently greater than 10 times ULN. ZEPATIER should be discontinued if ALT elevation is accompanied by signs or symptoms of liver inflammation or increasing conjugated bilirubin, alkaline phosphatase, or international normalized ratio. The concomitant use of ZEPATIER with certain drugs may lead to adverse reactions or reduced therapeutic effect due to drug interactions. Certain strong CYP3A inhibitors may increase the plasma concentration of ZEPATIER, leading to possibly clinically significant adverse reactions. Moderate CYP3A inducers may decrease the plasma concentration of ZEPATIER, leading to reduced therapeutic effect and possible development of resistance. Coadministration of ZEPATIER with these drugs is not recommended. Physicians should consult the Prescribing Information for potential drug interactions. In subjects receiving ZEPATIER for 12 weeks, the most commonly reported adverse reactions of all intensity (greater than or equal to 5% in placebo-controlled trials) were fatigue, headache and nausea. In subjects receiving ZEPATIER with RBV for 16 weeks, the most commonly reported adverse reactions of moderate or severe intensity (greater than or equal to 5%) were anemia and headache. Selected Dosage and Administration Information for ZEPATIER ZEPATIER is a single tablet taken once daily. The recommended dosing is 12 or 16 weeks with or without RBV, depending on HCV genotype, prior treatment history and, for patients with genotype 1a infection, presence of certain baseline NS5A resistance-associated polymorphisms. See Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER for specific dosage regimens and durations. Refer to RBV prescribing information for RBV dosing and dosage modifications when ZEPATIER is given with RBV. To determine dosage regimen and duration of ZEPATIER for genotype 1a patients, testing for the presence of virus with one or more baseline NS5A resistance-associated polymorphisms at positions 28, 30, 31, or 93 is recommended prior to initiating treatment. Merck’s Commitment to HCV For more than 30 years, Merck has been at the forefront of the response to the HCV epidemic. Merck’s chronic HCV clinical development programs have included more than 135 clinical trials in approximately 40 countries and have enrolled nearly 10,000 participants. As part of our longstanding leadership in infectious diseases, Merck collaborates with the scientific and patient communities to develop and deliver innovative solutions to support people living with chronic HCV worldwide. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zepatier/zepatier_pi.pdf and the Patient Information for ZEPATIER at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zepatier/zepatier_ppi.pdf ______________________ 1 Measured as HCV RNA less than 15 IU/mL. 2 MK-3682 is an HCV nucleotide analogue NS5B polymerase inhibitor. 3 Grazoprevir is an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor (100mg). 4 Rusazvir (MK-8408) is an HCV NS5A inhibitor. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Retomada do crescimento brasileiro é tema do 16º Fórum Empresarial LIDE Next PostNext Diamond Resorts Reviews – The True Nevada Nirvana Experience Search Recent Posts Diamond Resorts International At The Canary Islands – Dive, Surf, Climb…Or Do Nothing RTDNA Canada announces BC region award winners Afghanistan Residents Benefit from Improved Quality Healthcare in Balkh Province Car Donation Foundation Announces New Website Launch Lucid Clean House Cleaning Service Now Offering Direct Links To Reviews Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Receives Underperform Rating from Jefferies Group LLC UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald American Express Company’s (AXP) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Jefferies Group Comments on General Motors Company’s FY2017 Earnings (GM) $152.21 Million in Sales Expected for Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (VIVO) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $50.49 Million Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect SIGA Technologies (SIGA) Stock Price BTIG Research Reaffirms Buy Rating for Ally Financial Inc (ALLY) Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) Given “Buy” Rating at Stifel Nicolaus NewLink Genetics Corp’s (NLNK) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Fred's, Inc. Stock Climbs 13.9% Following March Same-Store Sales Report (NASDAQ:FRED) Myovant Sciences Ltd’s (MYOV) Lock-Up Period Set To Expire on April 25th Traders Purchase High Volume of Halliburton Company Call Options (HAL) Destination XL Group Inc (DXLG) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Outfront Media Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (OUT) Henry Boot plc (BHY) to Issue Dividend of GBX 4.50 on May 30th Eurocell PLC (ECEL) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 27th Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $2.04 Million Position in Waters Co. (WAT) Mastercard Inc (MA) Shares Bought by Hall Laurie J Trustee Private Trust Co. NA Has $1.987 Million Position in Mastercard Inc (MA) Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Receives Underperform Rating from Jefferies Group LLC April 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed their underperform rating on shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) in a research report released on Saturday morning. Jefferies Group LLC currently has a $51.00 target price on the stock, down from their previous target price of $52.00. Several other brokerages also recently weighed in on MRK. Vetr upgraded shares of Merck & Co. from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $65.54 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated a market perform rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Friday, February 24th. BMO Capital Markets decreased their target price on shares of Merck & Co. from $72.00 to $70.00 and set an outperform rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Leerink Swann reiterated a market perform rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc downgraded shares of Merck & Co. from a hold rating to a reduce rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. Merck & Co. currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $67.68. Shares of Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 61.89 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $169.92 billion, a PE ratio of 43.89 and a beta of 0.79. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $63.79 and a 200-day moving average price of $62.49. Merck & Co. has a 52-week low of $53.06 and a 52-week high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.89. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The business earned $10.10 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.22 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.93 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Merck & Co. will post $3.81 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Receives Underperform Rating from Jefferies Group LLC” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/22/merck-co-inc-mrk-receives-underperform-rating-from-jefferies-group-llc.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were given a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.04%. Merck & Co.’s payout ratio is 92.61%. In other news, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total transaction of $322,550.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at approximately $329,001. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of Merck & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total transaction of $5,881,697.64. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 105,559 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,751,553.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 160,809 shares of company stock valued at $10,261,846. Insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $1,628,824,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox acquired a new position in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $821,068,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Merck & Co. by 992.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 4,936,317 shares of the company’s stock worth $290,682,000 after buying an additional 4,484,427 shares during the period. Finally, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main acquired a new position in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $252,822,000. Institutional investors own 74.10% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 22 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Merck Announces New Phase 2 Data on Investigational Triple Combination Therapy MK-3682B for Chronic Hepatitis C KENILWORTH, N.J.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Merck (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, today announced the first sustained virologic response1 (SVR) results 12 weeks after completion of therapy (SVR12, considered virologic cure) from C-SURGE, an ongoing, open label Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating MK-3682B [uprifosbuvir (MK-3682)2/grazoprevir3/rusazvir4], the company’s investigational triple-combination therapy in treatment-experienced patients with hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype (GT) 1 infection for whom treatment with approved direct-acting antiviral regimens had failed. The study showed that 100 percent (43/43) of patients who completed 16 weeks of treatment plus ribavirin (RBV) achieved SVR12 and 100 percent (49/49) of patients who completed 24 weeks of treatment achieved SVR12 (abstract PS-159). These results will be presented today at The International Liver Congress™ 2017. “Despite the significant progress made to address the worldwide epidemic of chronic hepatitis C infection, there remains a need for additional treatment options,” said Dr. Heiner Wedemeyer, lead study investigator and research group leader in the department of gastroenterology, hepatology and endocrinology at Hannover Medical School, Germany. “We are encouraged by the high virologic cure rates in the difficult-to-treat patients observed in the C-SURGE study and look forward to further evaluation of this investigational triple-combination therapy.” The Phase 2 C-SURGE study enrolled 94 patients who were randomized to receive a once-daily regimen of MK-3682B for either 16 weeks with RBV (n=45) or 24 weeks without RBV (n=49); one patient in the 16-week arm withdrew prior to starting treatment. Of the 93 patients who received treatment (full analysis set), 57 had previously received a regimen of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir (LDV/SOF) for 12 to 24 weeks, 14 had previously received LDV/SOF for 8 weeks and 22 had previously received ZEPATIER® (elbasvir and grazoprevir) for 12 weeks. Seventy-eight patients who received treatment had at least one baseline NS5A resistance-associated substitution (RAS) at positions 28, 30, 31 or 93. Eighty patients who received treatment in C-SURGE had GT1a infection, and 40 patients had compensated cirrhosis. In the full analysis set, 98 percent of patients who received MK-3682B for 16 weeks with RBV (43/44) and 100 percent of patients who received MK-3682B for 24 weeks without RBV (49/49) achieved SVR12. Results from the modified full analysis set, which excludes one patient in the 16-week arm who withdrew after three doses of treatment, show that 100 percent of patients receiving treatment with MK-3682B for 16 weeks with RBV (43/43) and 100 percent of patients receiving treatment with MK-3682B for 24 weeks without RBV (49/49) achieved SVR12. Across the combined treatment arms, the most common adverse events (AEs) reported in the full analysis set were fatigue (35%), headache (13%), diarrhea (9%), rash (9%) and pruritus (5%). There were no drug-related serious AEs, and no patients discontinued treatment due to a drug-related AE. SVR8 results from the C-SURGE study were previously presented at The Liver Meeting® 2016. About MK-3682B MK-3682B is Merck’s investigational triple-combination therapy in Phase 2 development for the treatment of chronic HCV infection. MK-3682B combines an HCV nucleotide analogue NS5B polymerase inhibitor (MK-3682), an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor (grazoprevir, MK-5172) and an HCV NS5A inhibitor (ruzasvir, MK-8408). About ZEPATIER®(elbasvir and grazoprevir) 50mg/100mg Tablets ZEPATIER is a fixed-dose combination product containing elbasvir, a HCV NS5A inhibitor, and grazoprevir, an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor. In the United States, ZEPATIER is indicated for the treatment of chronic HCV GT1 or 4 infection in adults. ZEPATIER is indicated for use with ribavirin (RBV) in certain patient populations. Selected Safety Information about ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) The US Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER contains a Boxed Warning about the risk of hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation in patients coinfected with HCV and HBV. Healthcare professionals should test all patients for evidence of current or prior HBV infection by measuring hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and hepatitis B core antibody (anti-HBc) before initiating treatment with ZEPATIER. HBV reactivation has been reported in HCV/HBV coinfected patients who were undergoing or had completed treatment with HCV direct-acting antivirals and were not receiving HBV antiviral therapy. Some cases have resulted in fulminant hepatitis, hepatic failure, and death. Healthcare professionals should monitor HCV/HBV coinfected patients for clinical and laboratory signs of hepatitis flare or HBV reactivation during HCV treatment and post-treatment follow-up. Healthcare professionals should initiate appropriate patient management for HBV infection as clinically indicated. HBV reactivation has been reported in HBsAg positive patients and also in patients with serologic evidence of resolved HBV infection (ie, HBsAg negative and anti-HBc positive). The risk of HBV reactivation may be increased in patients receiving some immunosuppressant or chemotherapeutic agents. HBV reactivation is characterized as an abrupt increase in HBV replication manifesting as a rapid increase in serum HBV DNA level. In patients with resolved HBV infection, reappearance of HBsAg can occur. Reactivation of HBV replication may be accompanied by hepatitis, ie, increases in aminotransferase levels and, in severe cases, increases in bilirubin levels, liver failure, and death can occur. ZEPATIER is not for use in patients with moderate or severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh B or C). ZEPATIER is also not for use with inhibitors of organic anion transporting polypeptides 1B1/3 (OATP1B1/3) that are known or expected to significantly increase grazoprevir plasma concentrations (e.g., atazanavir, darunavir, lopinavir, saquinavir, tipranavir, cyclosporine), strong cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) inducers (e.g., carbamazepine, phenytoin, rifampin, St. John’s Wort), and efavirenz. If ZEPATIER is administered with RBV, healthcare professionals should refer to the prescribing information for RBV as the contraindications, warnings and precautions, adverse reactions and dosing for RBV also apply to this combination regimen. Elevations of alanine transaminase (ALT) to greater than 5 times the upper limit of normal (ULN) occurred in 1% of subjects, generally at or after treatment week 8. These late ALT elevations were typically asymptomatic and most resolved with ongoing or completion of therapy. Healthcare professionals should perform hepatic lab testing on patients prior to therapy, at treatment week 8, and as clinically indicated. For patients receiving 16 weeks of therapy, additional hepatic lab testing should be performed at treatment week 12. Patients should be instructed to consult their healthcare professional without delay if they have onset of fatigue, weakness, lack of appetite, nausea and vomiting, jaundice or discolored feces. Healthcare providers should consider discontinuing ZEPATIER® (elbasvir and grazoprevir) if ALT levels remain persistently greater than 10 times ULN. ZEPATIER should be discontinued if ALT elevation is accompanied by signs or symptoms of liver inflammation or increasing conjugated bilirubin, alkaline phosphatase, or international normalized ratio. The concomitant use of ZEPATIER with certain drugs may lead to adverse reactions or reduced therapeutic effect due to drug interactions. Certain strong CYP3A inhibitors may increase the plasma concentration of ZEPATIER, leading to possibly clinically significant adverse reactions. Moderate CYP3A inducers may decrease the plasma concentration of ZEPATIER, leading to reduced therapeutic effect and possible development of resistance. Coadministration of ZEPATIER with these drugs is not recommended. Physicians should consult the Prescribing Information for potential drug interactions. In subjects receiving ZEPATIER for 12 weeks, the most commonly reported adverse reactions of all intensity (greater than or equal to 5% in placebo-controlled trials) were fatigue, headache and nausea. In subjects receiving ZEPATIER with RBV for 16 weeks, the most commonly reported adverse reactions of moderate or severe intensity (greater than or equal to 5%) were anemia and headache. Selected Dosage and Administration Information for ZEPATIER ZEPATIER is a single tablet taken once daily. The recommended dosing is 12 or 16 weeks with or without RBV, depending on HCV genotype, prior treatment history and, for patients with genotype 1a infection, presence of certain baseline NS5A resistance-associated polymorphisms. See Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER for specific dosage regimens and durations. Refer to RBV prescribing information for RBV dosing and dosage modifications when ZEPATIER is given with RBV. To determine dosage regimen and duration of ZEPATIER for genotype 1a patients, testing for the presence of virus with one or more baseline NS5A resistance-associated polymorphisms at positions 28, 30, 31, or 93 is recommended prior to initiating treatment. Merck’s Commitment to HCV For more than 30 years, Merck has been at the forefront of the response to the HCV epidemic. Merck’s chronic HCV clinical development programs have included more than 135 clinical trials in approximately 40 countries and have enrolled nearly 10,000 participants. As part of our longstanding leadership in infectious diseases, Merck collaborates with the scientific and patient communities to develop and deliver innovative solutions to support people living with chronic HCV worldwide. About Merck For more than a century, Merck, a leading global biopharmaceutical company known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. Today, Merck continues to be at the forefront of research to advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and communities around the world – including cancer, cardio-metabolic diseases, emerging animal diseases, Alzheimer’s disease and infectious diseases including HIV and Ebola. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZEPATIER (elbasvir and grazoprevir) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zepatier/zepatier_pi.pdf and the Patient Information for ZEPATIER at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zepatier/zepatier_ppi.pdf ______________________ 1 Measured as HCV RNA less than 15 IU/mL. 2 MK-3682 is an HCV nucleotide analogue NS5B polymerase inhibitor. 3 Grazoprevir is an HCV NS3/4A protease inhibitor (100mg). 4 Rusazvir (MK-8408) is an HCV NS5A inhibitor. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious U.S.-India CSR Symposium: Making Economies Work for Women and Youth Next PostNext Sturgis Bancorp, Inc. (STBI: OTCQX U.S. Premier) | Sturgis Bancorp Reports Earnings for First Quarter 2017 Search Recent Posts Édifier un avenir durable : la triple mission des villes Vietnam – Energy Efficiency for Industrial Enterprises Project World Bank Approves $102 Million in Financing to Help Vietnam Improve Energy Efficiency in Industrial Sector Ngân Hàng Thế Giới Duyệt Khoản Vay 102 Triệu Đô-La Giúp Việt Nam Cải Thiện Hiệu Quả Năng Lượng Trong Ngành Công Nghiệp កម្ពុជាលើកកម្ពស់គុណភាពអប់រំ និងផ្លូវជនបទដោយការគាំទ្រពីធនាគារពិភពលោក Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Position Raised by Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Willis Investment Counsel Acquires 28,800 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Investors Buy High Volume of Energy Transfer Equity Call Options (ETE) Enbridge Inc (ENB) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Facebook Inc (FB) Earns Buy Rating from Instinet Fogo De Chao Inc (FOGO) Given “Hold” Rating at Canaccord Genuity Barclays PLC Reiterates Equal Weight Rating for Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) 22,049 Shares in Beigene Ltd (BGNE) Acquired by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Purchases New Position in First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $412,000 Stake in Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) RingCentral Inc (RNG) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC CBIZ, Inc. (CBZ) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC Arrowstreet Capital Limited Partnership Has $203.567 Million Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Stake Increased by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Cigna Investments Inc. New Takes Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $373,000 Stake in Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Popular Inc (BPOP) Receives Neutral Rating from BTIG Research Anglo American plc (NGLOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Desjardins Research Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Willis Investment Counsel Acquires 28,800 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) April 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Willis Investment Counsel boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 9.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 342,600 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 28,800 shares during the period. Merck & Co. comprises about 1.5% of Willis Investment Counsel’s portfolio, making the stock its 16th largest position. Willis Investment Counsel’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $20,169,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Intellectus Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $103,000. Blume Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 14.0% in the third quarter. Blume Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,710 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc increased its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 16.6% in the third quarter. Roble Belko & Company Inc now owns 2,102 shares of the company’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $135,000. Finally, Mascoma Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $135,000. 74.10% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 61.89 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $63.79 and its 200-day moving average is $62.49. The firm has a market cap of $169.92 billion, a PE ratio of 43.89 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 12 month low of $53.06 and a 12 month high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89. The business earned $10.10 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. Merck & Co. had a net margin of 14.30% and a return on equity of 24.08%. The firm’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.93 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were given a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.04%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 13th. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 92.61%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/22/willis-investment-counsel-acquires-28800-shares-of-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. Several brokerages have recently weighed in on MRK. Vetr raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $59.51 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Guggenheim raised shares of Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $61.63 to $70.00 in a report on Thursday, January 12th. BMO Capital Markets decreased their price objective on shares of Merck & Co. from $72.00 to $70.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued an “underperform” rating and set a $52.00 price objective (up previously from $50.00) on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $67.74. In other news, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total value of $5,881,697.64. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 105,559 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,751,553.64. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total transaction of $322,550.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $329,001. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 160,809 shares of company stock valued at $10,261,846 over the last three months. 0.05% of the stock is owned by insiders. Merck & Co. Company Profile Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
TheHorse.com: Your Guide to Equine Health Care Sign In Register Topics News Videos & Photos Free Reports Blogs Free Horses Tools Podcasts Newsletters Magazine Shop UHVRC Distributes More Than 3,200 Vaccines to Horses in Need By Edited Press Release Apr 22, 2017 Topics: Vaccinations Equine Rescue and Rehabilitation Horse Industry News Print Email Favorite Share Tweet Newsletters With its 2017 allotment, the UHVRC has delivered more than 25,000 doses of core vaccines to protect horses in need since its inception in 2009. Photo: iStock Supported in partnership by the American Association of Equine Practitioners (AAEP) and Merck Animal Health, the Unwanted Horse Veterinary Relief Campaign (UHVRC) recently provided 3,200 doses of vaccines to protect horses in need from Eastern equine encephalitis, Western equine encephalitis, Equine rhinopneumonitis (EHV-1 and EHV-4), West Nile virus, equine influenza, tetanus, and rabies. With its 2017 allotment, the UHVRC has delivered more than 25,000 doses of core vaccines to protect horses in need since its inception in 2009. The Maine State Society for the Protection of Animals (MSSPA), which rehabilitates and rehomes horses seized by Maine law enforcement officials due to neglect or abuse, is among the 175 nonprofit equine rescue and retirement facilities to receive complimentary vaccines this year. “The costs associated with the care of more than 50 equines sheltered here are tremendous,” said Meris Bickford, MSSPA CEO. “The generous donation of core vaccines made by Merck Animal Health and the AAEP will help us keep the animals in MSSPA barns healthy and the associated expenses under control.” To qualify for donated vaccines, facilities must have 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status, follow the AAEP Care Guidelines for Equine Rescue and Retirement Facilities, and work with an AAEP-member veterinarian to submit an application. The program distributes vaccines once per year; the next application deadline is Feb. 1, 2018. To learn more about the program or download the application, visit uhvrc.org. Stay on top of the most recent Horse Health news with FREE weekly newsletters from TheHorse.com. Learn More Free Newsletters Sign up for the latest in: Horse Health Nutrition Soundness & Lameness In-Depth Welfare & Industry News Farm & Barn Breeding Older Horse Care Sports Medicine Vet & Professional Equine Behavior Reader Favorites Important Messages from TheHorse.com From our partners Bluegrass Equine Digest TheHorse.com Partner Emails Email Related Content Article National Forest Trail Bill Approved by House Committee Article The Horse, TheHorse.com Win Media Awards Article Veterinarians Urge Vaccination against West Nile Virus Article Increased Equine West Nile Virus Activity in 2012 Article Horse Vaccines in 2012: Where We Stand Article Demographics of Equine Donation and Adoption Examined Article Successful Wild Horse Adoptions Characterized Article EHV-1 Inactivated Vaccine Efficacy Tested (AAEP 2011) Article Horse Rescues Share Holiday Wish Lists Article Diagnosing Equine Ataxia: Go Back to Basics PrevNext POLL: Feeding Alfalfa Do you feed your horse alfalfa? Yes, alfalfa hay Yes, alfalfa pellets Yes, alfalfa cubes No Other (please specify) Comments. 100 Characters Max View Results Horse Care How to care for the basic health needs of horses Diseases and Conditions Horse-health-problem risk factors, prevention, diagnosis, and treatment Nutrition Proper feeding practices for foals, adult horses, and older horses Lameness Prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of leg lameness Hoof Care Prevention and treatment for problems of the equine foot Farm and Barn Design and maintain a healthy horse operation Breeding and Reproduction Horse breeding from planning through foal care Vet and Professional News and issues for equine health professionals Sports Medicine All aspects of caring for performance horses Welfare and Industry Discussions about the welfare of our equine friends Topics A-Z Recent News The Future of Parasite Control? Anthelmintic resistance occurs worldwide. With only three drug classes to choose from, are we running out of options? Read More UHVRC Distributes More Than 3,200 Vaccines to Horses in Need Limb Sensors for Equine Diagnostics, Performance Evaluations Does a Senior Horse Have Special Vaccination Needs? Parasite Control Recommendations for Boarded Horses Horses Left in Wyoming Forest Last Autumn Rescued Getting Ready for Rolex: By the Numbers Horse Castrated, Dies in Texas ARCI Welfare, Integrity Conference Continues View More Event Coverage International Hoof Care Summit 2017 Cincinnati, Ohio AAEP Convention 2016 Orlando, Florida BEVA Congress 2016 Birmingham, England ACT Conference 2016 Asheville, North Carolina     Videos News/Interviews Seminars Vet Procedures Featured Series How-To Webcasts Products 5 Things You Need to Know Slideshows Infographics Slideshow Equine Internal Parasites Seminars Insect Bite Hypersensitivity and Pruritus in Horses Slideshow Forages for Feeding Horses Free Reports Fact Sheets Quick references of horse conditions, diseases & health topics Special Reports In-depth reports on many aspects of horse health care Convention Reports Detailed summaries of conventions and seminars on horse health Forms Featured Free Reports Special Report Equine Supplements Special Report Harmonious Housing Practices for Horses Fact Sheet Botulism in Horses Blogs Across the Fence At Home with Horses Horse Sense (and Sensibility) Horses and the Law Old Horses: Better With Age Smart Horse Keeping The Horse 911: What's Your Emergency? The Winning Edge Trail Riding with The Horse Weird Horse News Commentary Equine Behavior Horse Nutrition Featured Blogs Horse Sense (and Sensibility) On Springtime Setbacks Old Horses: Better With Age Keep 'Em Moving, Part II Horse Sense (and Sensibility) The Devil Is in the Details Adopt a Horse Browse horses that are FREE to a good home. All Breeds Thoroughbreds Standardbreds List Your Horse Add your FREE horse to our list of adoptable horses. List Your Horse Horses that Found a Home Adoption Resources Learn more about adoption, whether you’re adopting a horse or giving a horse away. Featured Adoptable Horse Palomino gelding Dartanion Dartanion is a 5 year old palomino gelding, he has had some ground training, has spent his life in a pasture with a few other horses. Very friendly guy and loves attention. He had a injury in his back right leg. Not sure what all he would be capa ... Read More Farm Call: Your Questions Answered Q&As about caring for your horse Event Calendar Find upcoming horse health educational events Glossary Look up the meaning of horse health terms TheHorse.com en Español Articulos en Español (Articles in Spanish) Normal Vital Signs Healthy temperature, heart, & respiration rates Weight Calculator Estimate your horse's weight Mare Gestation Calculator Estimate your mare’s foaling date Polls Users weigh in on horse health care New Products Recently launched horse health products Get-A-DVM Find an AAEP veterinarian near you Podcasts Ask TheHorse Live The Horse's experts answer your questions during a monthly live audio event. Weekly Horse Health Report A weekly discussion on horse health topics. Featured Podcasts Listen Now! Managing and Caring for the EMS Horse Listen Now! Help, My Horse Was Exposed to EHV! Listen Now! Equine Herpesvirus Update Sign up for Free Newsletters Get the latest news and information on horse health care. Horse Health Nutrition Soundness & Lameness In-Depth Welfare & Industry News Farm & Barn Breeding Older Horse Care Sports Medicine Vet & Professional Equine Behavior Reader Favorites Important Messages from TheHorse.com From our partners Bluegrass Equine Digest TheHorse.com Partner Emails Name Email In the April 2017 Issue: Cover Story Troubleshooting Trailer Loading: One Step at a Time Consider these 4 behavior-science-based approaches to help your horse load into the trailer safely. Also in this issue: Mosquito-Borne Disease: Is Your Horse at Risk? Your Guide to an Outrageously Shiny Coat All About Alfalfa Conditioning Sport Horses Harmonious Housing Practices Buy This Issue Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Edition Shop The Horse Books & Products The Horse Magazine Back Issues Magazine Subscriptions eBooks Educational Materials Apparel and GIfts Sale   Featured Products Equine Body Condition Score Poster I make dirt, sweat, and slobber look good! T-shirt     Partners in Equine Health AAEP AAEVT WEVA Facebook Twitter Pinterest Youtube RSS Digital Edition Subscribe Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Buy A Copy Help Meet the Staff Freelance Info Terms of Use Privacy Policy Community Policy Cookie Policy Seek the advice of a qualified veterinarian before proceeding with any diagnosis, treatment, or therapy. Copyright © 2017 The Horse Media Group LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without written permission of The Horse Media Group LLC is prohibited. THE HORSE, THE HORSE logo, THEHORSE.COM and THEHORSE.COM logo are trademarks of The Horse Media Group LLC.
FDA approves near-copy of Remicade for immune disorders - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map THE INVESTIGATORS: Texas contractor skips out on Baton Rouge home repairs The Investigators: New details uncovered from case against man accused of dismembering parents WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business FDA approves near-copy of Remicade for immune disorders 2017-04-21T21:09:50Z2017-04-21T21:09:50Z By The Associated Press Federal regulators have approved an alternative version of Remicade, an expensive injected drug widely used for rheumatoid arthritis and other immune system disorders. The Food and Drug Administration said Friday that it approved Renflexis, developed by Samsung Bioepis Co. of South Korea. It will be marketed by its U.S. partner, Merck & Co. of Kenilworth, New Jersey. The companies refused to disclose the list price. Without insurance, Remicade generally costs more than $30,000 annually for adults; dosage varies with the patient's weight. Merck said Renflexis should be available in six months. The delay is required under U.S. regulations for a relatively new category called biosimilars. That's the industry term for generic but not quite identical versions of biotech drugs. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Erin Moran, Joanie Cunningham in "Happy Days," dies at 56 Erin Moran, Joanie Cunningham in "Happy Days," dies at 56 Posted: Sunday, April 23 2017 2:43 AM EDT2017-04-23 06:43:25 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 23 2017 2:43 AM EDT2017-04-23 06:43:25 GMT Erin Moran, the former child star who starred as Joanie Cunningham in the sitcoms "Happy Days" and "Joanie Loves Chachi," has died.More >> Erin Moran, the former child star who starred as Joanie Cunningham in the sitcoms "Happy Days" and "Joanie Loves Chachi," has died.More >> American tries to learn from United's mistakes in incident American tries to learn from United's mistakes in incident Posted: Sunday, April 23 2017 2:32 AM EDT2017-04-23 06:32:55 GMT Updated: Sunday, April 23 2017 2:34 AM EDT2017-04-23 06:34:46 GMT American Airlines says it has grounded a flight attendant who got into a verbal confrontation with a passenger after taking a baby stroller away from another passenger.More >> American Airlines says it has grounded a flight attendant who got into a verbal confrontation with a passenger after taking a baby stroller away from another passenger.More >> UC Berkeley students threaten to sue over Ann Coulter visit UC Berkeley students threaten to sue over Ann Coulter visit Posted: Saturday, April 22 2017 11:32 PM EDT2017-04-23 03:32:41 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 22 2017 11:32 PM EDT2017-04-23 03:32:41 GMT The University of California at Berkeley students who invited Ann Coulter to speak on campus are threatening to sue the university if it doesn't find a proper time and venue for the conservative pundit to speak...More >> The University of California at Berkeley students who invited Ann Coulter to speak on campus are threatening to sue the university if it doesn't find a proper time and venue for the conservative pundit to speak next week.More >> The Latest: Passenger says flight attendant nearly hit baby The Latest: Passenger says flight attendant nearly hit baby Posted: Saturday, April 22 2017 11:32 PM EDT2017-04-23 03:32:35 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 22 2017 11:32 PM EDT2017-04-23 03:32:35 GMT A passenger on an American Airlines flight says a flight attendant who has since been grounded nearly hit a baby when he jerked a stroller away from a woman holding the child.More >> A passenger on an American Airlines flight says a flight attendant who has since been grounded nearly hit a baby when he jerked a stroller away from a woman holding the child.More >> Funeral services held for Ohio victim of Facebook killer Funeral services held for Ohio victim of Facebook killer Posted: Saturday, April 22 2017 11:32 PM EDT2017-04-23 03:32:32 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 22 2017 11:32 PM EDT2017-04-23 03:32:32 GMT Funeral services have been held for a Cleveland retiree whose shooting death was posted on Facebook.More >> Funeral services have been held for a Cleveland retiree whose shooting death was posted on Facebook.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump hails Italy for role in Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan Trump hails Italy for role in Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan President Donald Trump is holding his first meeting with Italy's prime minister. More >> President Donald Trump is holding his first meeting with Italy's prime minister.More >> Charge me up: Rural electric drivers face 'range anxiety' Charge me up: Rural electric drivers face 'range anxiety' Electric car charging stations are still few and far between in rural areas, leaving many backcountry drivers with "range anxiety." More >> Electric car charging stations are still few and far between in rural areas, leaving many backcountry drivers with "range anxiety."More >> Tillerson declares the Iran nuclear deal a failure Tillerson declares the Iran nuclear deal a failure Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says the Iran nuclear deal fails to achieve its stated objective of preventing Iran from becoming a nuclear state More >> Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says the Iran nuclear deal fails to achieve its stated objective of preventing Iran from becoming a nuclear stateMore >> 1 year after Prince's death, another turn for The Revolution 1 year after Prince's death, another turn for The Revolution As the one-year anniversary of Prince's death approaches, his 1980s band The Revolution is back together and kicking off a three-month tour by performing at Paisley Park More >> As the one-year anniversary of Prince's death approaches, his 1980s band The Revolution is back together and kicking off a three-month tour by performing at Paisley ParkMore >> Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News Channel after 20 years Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News Channel after 20 years Fox News Channel's parent company issued a statement Wednesday that Bill O'Reilly won't be coming back to the network More >> Fox News Channel's parent company issued a statement Wednesday that Bill O'Reilly won't be coming back to the networkMore >> Trump congratulates Patriots, doesn't mention Hernandez Trump congratulates Patriots, doesn't mention Hernandez President Donald Trump congratulated the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots on Wednesday More >> President Donald Trump congratulated the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots on WednesdayMore >> Trump extends private-sector health care program for vets Trump extends private-sector health care program for vets President Donald Trump has signed a bill extending a program that lets veterans seek medical care in the private sector More >> President Donald Trump has signed a bill extending a program that lets veterans seek medical care in the private sectorMore >> US VP Pence warns North Korea: 'The sword stands ready' US VP Pence warns North Korea: 'The sword stands ready' US Vice President Mike Pence issued another warning to North Korea over its latest failed missile launch, telling sailors in Japan that the US would bring 'an overwhelming and effective' response to any use of conventional or nuclear weapons More >> US Vice President Mike Pence issued another warning to North Korea over its latest failed missile launch, telling sailors in Japan that the US would bring 'an overwhelming and effective' response to any use of conventional or nuclear weaponsMore >> AP Exclusive: Dam managers made missteps in handling crisis AP Exclusive: Dam managers made missteps in handling crisis An Associated Press examination has revealed federal and state managers made a series of questionable decisions and missteps before and during a crisis at the nation's tallest dam in February More >> An Associated Press examination has revealed federal and state managers made a series of questionable decisions and missteps before and during a crisis at the nation's tallest dam in FebruaryMore >> McDonald's order trips up Facebook slaying suspect McDonald's order trips up Facebook slaying suspect Facebook slaying suspect Steve Stephens was undone by a 20-piece Chicken McNuggets and an order of fries More >> Facebook slaying suspect Steve Stephens was undone by a 20-piece Chicken McNuggets and an order of friesMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines Samsung Bioepis wins FDA approval for biosimilar 2017/04/22 10:58 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print SEOUL, April 22 (Yonhap) -- Samsung Bioepis Co. said Saturday it has won approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to sell its biosimilar in the United States in a move that could heat up competition for immunology medicines. Renflexis -- a biosimilar of Janssen Biotech, Inc.'s blockbuster immunology medicine Remicade -- is expected to go on sale in the U.S. in about six months through Merck, a global health care company known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada. The move came more than a year after South Korea’s Ministry of Food and Drug Safety approved Renflexis for treatment for rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn’s disease, ulcerative colitis and psoriatic arthritis. Samsung Bioepis -- a joint venture between Samsung Biologics and Biogen Inc. -- also won approval for Renflexis from authorities in Europe and Australia last year. Samsung BioLogics is a biopharmaceutical unit of South Korea's top conglomerate Samsung Group. Samsung Bioepis is expected to compete with Celltrion Inc., a South Korean bio-pharmaceutical firm, over biosimilars in the U.S. Last year, Celltrion won approval from the FDA to sell Remsima, a biosimilar to Remicade. Biosimilars are defined by the FDA as products that are "highly similar to an already approved biological product," which has "no clinically meaningful differences in terms of safety and effectiveness from the reference product."    entropy@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Trump's 'armada' gaffe stains his commitment to alliance Fastball velocity down, Dodgers' Ryu Hyun-jin must mix them up Item rentals expand market presence on surging demand Self-rescue plan, new orders crucial for Daewoo Shipbuilding's survival S. Korea sees massive influx of bro films S. Korea strives to prop up tourism amid China's retaliation Usually reliable, Cards' Oh Seung-hwan shaky early in '17 with iffy slider (News Focus) Despite growing tension, experts see slim chance of U.S. pre-emptive strike on N. Korea News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
Sunday, April 23, 2017 JobsDatingBuy photosLocal BusinessesStar ShopClassifiedsBook An AdDigital Editions Home News Sport Entertainment What's On Business Education Farming Motors Property Family Announcements Notices Directory Business Shropshire Business Ladder for Shropshire Perks: Rewarding your loyal customers City News Money Careers Business Supplement The Farmer Advertise Local Businesses PUBLISHED: April 21, 2017 22:11 Stocks fall as Wall Street braces for French election and tax cuts US stocks fell on Friday as investors looked ahead to the French election and also took on board President Donald Trump's pledge to cut taxes. American flag hangs on the front of the New York Stock Exchange (AP Photo/Peter Morgan) Financial and health care companies moved lower while industrial companies rose - with stocks continuing the up-and-down pattern they have been stuck in for the last month. Stocks slumped in morning trading as banks fell in tandem with bond yields and interest rates and energy companies sank with oil prices. Strong results from Honeywell and aviation electronics maker Rockwell Collins helped industrial firms. Toy maker Mattel plunged after it reported is second disappointing quarter in a row. Stocks climbed in the final minutes of trading and left the Standard & Poor's 500 index 1 per cent higher for the week. President Trump gave the market a fleeting boost in the afternoon when he said his administration will release a tax reform proposal next week that includes a large tax cut. He did not provide details. "I don't think anything's actually going to happen or be implemented any time soon," said Scott Wren, senior global equity strategist for the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said he thinks a corporate tax cut is more likely to pass Congress and become law than a tax cut for individuals, and added that he wants the administration to focus on moves that can keep the economy growing. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7.15 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,348.69. The Dow Jones industrial average dipped 30.95 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 20,547.76. The Nasdaq composite fell 6.26 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 5,910.52. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks fell 4.30 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 1,379.85. Financial companies fell. Professional services firm Marsh & McLennan skidded 1.41 dollars, or 1.9 per cent, to 71.88 dollars and wealth management company Morgan Stanley dipped 70 cents, or 1.6 per cent, to 41.80 dollars. Bank of America fell 36 cents, or 1.6 per cent, to 22.7 dollars. Bond prices rose early on but wound up little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.24 per cent. Health care companies moved lower. Biotech drugmaker Alexion Pharmaceuticals lost 1.90 dollars, or 1.6 per cent, to 116.82 dollars and Merck declined 66 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to 61.89 dollars. Pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts dipped 59 cents to 66.46 dollars. Stocks did well this week, but they have wandered up and down over the last few weeks but that may persist. Next Friday the government will release its report on first-quarter GDP growth, something investors pay a lot of attention to. On the same day, the federal government is scheduled to reach its borrowing limit, which could trigger a government shutdown unless Congress agrees to extend it. "The stock market's been willing to wait to see what, if anything, comes out of Washington," said Wells Fargo's Wren. He adds that stock prices are not too high even though they've been breaking records lately. Next week the market may also react to the first round of voting in the French presidential election. Polls between the top four candidates are fairly close, and a good showing by far-right candidate Marine Le Pen or leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon, as opposed to their more centrist rivals, could unsettle investors. The top two candidates will advance to a final round of voting in early May. Mattel, the largest toy company in the US, said its sales dropped 15 per cent in the fiscal first quarter as it continued to deal with effects of poor sales over the holiday season. The company's revenue totalled 735.6 million dollars, which was 67 million dollars less than expected, according to FactSet. The stock lost 3.42 dollars, or 13.6 per cent, to 21.79 dollars. Mattel also took a steep loss after it reported its fourth-quarter results. Its stock is down 21 per cent this year. Benchmark US crude shed 1.09 dollars, or 2.1 per cent, to 49.62 dollars a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 1.03 dollars, or 1.9 per cent, to 51.96 dollars a barrel in London. Schlumberger, the world's biggest oilfield services company, fell after it reported less revenue than analysts had forecast. The company said revenue in China, Russia and the North Sea fell more than it had expected. The stock gave up 1.67 dollars, or 2.2 per cent, to 74.84 dollars and competitors Halliburton and Baker Hughes both fell, too. Honeywell's profit and sales were better than expected, and the industrial conglomerate raised its profit projection for the year. The stock jumped 3.31 dollars, or 2.7 percent, to 127.08 dollars. Aviation electronics company Rockwell Collins raised its profit and sales forecasts after its 8.6 billion dollar purchase of former competitor B/E Aerospace. Its stock rose 5.11 dollars, or 5.1 per cent, to 104.70 dollars. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost 3 cents to 1.64 dollars a gallon and heating oil fell 3 cents to 1.55 dollars a gallon. Natural gas gave up 6 cents to 3.10 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose 5.30 dollars to 1,289.10 dollars an ounce. Silver lost 16 cents to 17.86 dollars an ounce. Copper remained at 2.54 dollars a pound. The dollar dipped to 109.21 yen from 109.31 yen. The euro fell to 1.0695 dollars from 1.0722 dollars. France's CAC-40 retreated 0.4 per cent after a big gain on Thursday. Germany's DAX gained 0.2 per cent and the British FTSE 100 lost 0.1 per cent. The Nikkei 225 in Tokyo gained just over 1 per cent and the Kospi in South Korea added 0.7 per cent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.1 per cent. AP Commercial Links Jobs Dating Buy photos Local Businesses Star Reader Travel Star Shop Classifieds Book An Ad Digital Editions Useful links About us Contact Us Manage your Subscription Online Live road traffic updates Terms of website use Send us your news Deliver the Shropshire Star Live rail updates Cookies and privacy policy Making a complaint Shropshire Star archive Featured articles Try our beta site! We’re getting ready to launch our brand new website for shropshirestar.com and we’d like to give you a sneak preview. We’re still applying the finishing touches, so please bear with us if something’s not quite right. We'd love to hear your thoughts, good or bad, via the simple feedback button that you'll see to the right side of every page. Try the beta
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Biotech and Pharmaceuticals Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine Samsung Bioepis wins FDA approval for rheumatoid arthritis drug that competes with Johnson & Johnson Samsung Bioepis gets first U.S. FDA note Biosimilar will compete with Johnson & Johnson original, version from Pfizer Ed Lane Saturday, 22 Apr 2017 | 12:02 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES South Korea's Samsung Bioepis has won a U.S. FDA nod for a biosimilar of Johnson & Johnson's Remicade, marking a first for the company in the U.S. and setting up a path to competition with the world's largest drug company and a similar product made by Pfizer. Samsung Bioepis, a partnership with Biogen, won U.S. approval for Renflexis, which is a version of infliximab referred to as a biosimilar because it is not an exact chemical copy like a generic drug. The biosimilar therapy is indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with adult and pediatric Crohn's disease, adult ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis, and for the treatment of adult plaque psoriasis. "Through relentless process innovation and an uncompromising commitment to quality, we remain committed to advancing one of the industry's strongest biosimilar pipelines," Samsung Bioepis spoksman Mingi Hyun said in an email. The FDA nod sets up a complex game of marketing with Merck handling sales of Remicade in Europe, while Samsung has a version called Flixabi approved by the European Medicines Agency last year that is marketed by Biogen in Europe. But Merck will handle marketing for Renflexis in the U.S. and compete against another biosimilar of Remicade from Pfizer called Inflectra. The musical chairs on marketing and sales underscore a growing effort to bring more biosimilars to the market in the U.S. akin to generics to bring down prices. That is an aim set forth in the Affordable Health Care Act known as Obamacare, which is the subject of repeal and replace legislation proposed by the Republican-led U.S. Congress and President Donald Trump. In another aspect on biosimilars, the U.S. Supreme Court could decide by this summer on whether to keep a 180-day waiting period in place before makers of biologic drugs can launch sales after approvals. The case pits Alcon, the generics arm of Swiss-based Novartis, against U.S.-based Amgen which makes autoimmune drug Neupogen to treat cancer. --Reuters contributed to this article. Ed LaneEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change @NOVNLFDC16N --- JNJ ---
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor This Baby Biotech Firm Is Making a $400 Million Market Move Galapagos NV (Nasdaq ADR: GLPG) is at it again. The Mechelen, Belgium-based Galapagos recently announced plans for a global offering of common stock. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Why Indian Startups Are Targeting This New $5 Billion Market Message: URL: https://mney.co/2p0qaqr  −  eight  =  zero Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Why Indian Startups Are Targeting This New $5 Billion Market Message: URL: https://mney.co/2p0qaqr seven  +  5  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow Biotech and Pharma Alertsno responses Global Markets Why Indian Startups Are Targeting This New $5 Billion Market By Jack Delaney, Associate Editor, Money Morning • April 20, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website 7  +  3  =  Right now, there's a billion-dollar profit opportunity big pharma companies are completely ignoring: reversible male contraceptives. Bloomberg projects this form of contraceptive could cut into half of the $10 billion global female contraceptive market. And while big pharma ignores this opportunity, Indian startups are seizing this potential $5 billion market. All the way back in 1978, biomedical engineer Sujoy Guha invented a sperm-zapping gel. The treatment is 98% effective, and the entire procedure (including injection) takes as little as 15 minutes. One patient reportedly walked 1.6 miles back to his home after the procedure, and he was also back at work within two days. While recovery time is different for each patient, vasectomies generally have a longer recuperation period. According to Vasectomy.com, most men can return to work two or three days after an operation and can resume normal physical activity within a week. There are an estimated 540 men who had the new procedure in India. As you can see in the accompanying chart, injectable birth control was among the lowest percentage of unintended pregnancies through contraceptive methods as of 2014.   While this could revolutionize the industry and generate billions, big pharma companies are choosing to ignore this emerging market… Big Pharma Won't Invest in New Drug Market in India Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) have reportedly said it isn't an "area of active research." Bayer AG (OTCMKTS ADR: BAYRY), which bought a company that studied a male birth control pill in the 1990s, stopped research and development on male fertility control in 2006. With the big drugmakers not interested, you may be wondering why the inventor of the treatment hasn't gone out on his own to dominate this billion-dollar opportunity. He hasn't because it reportedly costs tens of millions of dollars to have birth control approved, according to Bloomberg. Trending: Big Pharma's Biggest Enemy Is… Apple? However, Guha has licensed the technology to a U.S. nonprofit to help establish a market outside of India. The nonprofit plans to manufacture and distribute its own version of the treatment called Vasalgel. It will cost between $10 and $12 for patients in low- and middle-income countries, and between $400 and $600 for patients in wealthier countries. This will help build a market across the globe, but we're still keeping our eyes on the treatment and its founder in India. That's because the creator of this reversible male contraceptive just created a startup to develop mass production of the gel. And if he's successful, this could be one of the hottest startup companies in India and the next big profit opportunity for investors… Indian Startup News: This Company Could Dominate a New $5 Billion Industry Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: India Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website 3  ×   =  fifteen Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT This Baby Biotech Firm Is Making a $400 Million Market Move Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Biotech and Pharma Alerts (this article) China and All Asia Alerts (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 21, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Flat Ahead of President Trump's Tax Reform Proposal April 21, 2017 • By Casey Wilson 3 Comments The Next 3 States to Legalize Marijuana May Not Be What You Expect April 21, 2017 • By Ashley Moore 1 Comment What Is "OBL"? The "Superfuel" Behind a $7.2 Trillion Revolution Trending Posts 3476 Reads 28 Likes Investors Will Get Slammed in Any Grexit Greece hopes to get its next bailout payment in June, just in time to make payments to creditors in July. But we could see a Grexit soon. Investors all over the world should be concerned... 3441 Reads 38 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (April 17) One of the top marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 made it in the holdings of the first ever marijuana ETF. And it's expected to climb as much as 66% in the next 12 months... Featured Report This Penny Stock Will Double Your Money – and Save a Dying U.S. Industry It's not easy to find a truly compelling penny stock, which is why this one is such a remarkable find. Not only is this green energy stock capable of a gain of 100% or more, it's just now rolling out technology with the potential to rescue the struggling coal industry. But this 21st century success story has only just begun, making now the perfect time to buy this stock... Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA -30.95 (0.15%) 20,547.76 NASDAQ -6.26 (0.11%) 5,910.52 S&P -7.15 (0.30%) 2,348.69 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Biotech and Pharma Alerts (this article) China and All Asia Alerts (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » U.S. FDA approves Samsung Bioepis' copy of J$J's Remicade - company Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal U.S. FDA approves Samsung Bioepis' copy of J&J's Remicade - company SAMSUNG BIOEPIS-APPROVAL/USA (CORRECTED):CORRECTED-U.S. FDA approves Samsung Bioepis' copy of J&J's Remicade - companyReuters | Apr 22, 2017, 07.55 AM IST (Corrects Bioepis' Herceptin copy was submitted for approval, not approved, in paragraph 4) * First Samsung drug to be approved in the United States * Latecomer invested $1.3 bln in biosimilar development so far SEOUL, April 22 (Reuters) - South Korea's Samsung Bioepis Co Ltd said on Saturday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved its copy of Johnson & Johnson's rheumatoid arthritis drug Remicade, the first drug developed by the Samsung Group unit approved in the United States. The drug, called Renflexis, is a biosimilar - a copy of a biotech drug - and the second Remicade copy to be approved in the world's largest pharmaceutical market. Remicade is J&J's biggest selling drug with U.S. sales of about $5 billion a year. Established in 2012 as a relative latecomer to the industry, Samsung Bioepis has found early success by beating rivals to market on biosimilars of some of the world's top-selling drugs by so far investing $1.3 billion into biosimilar development. It became the first company to launch a biosimilar version of Amgen's Enbrel, another rheumatoid arthritis drug, in Europe. It also submitted for approval its copy of Roche's blockbuster breast cancer drug Herceptin and its copy of AbbVie Inc's rheumatoid arthritis drug Humira, both in Europe. Renflexis will be marketed and distributed in the United States by Merck & Co Inc, Samsung Bioepis said in a statement. It received European approval in May 2016. The FDA approved the drug a little more than a year after the first Remicade biosimilar copy - Pfizer's Inflectra, developed by South Korea's Celltrion - was approved. Inflectra was introduced in the U.S. in late 2016. Remicade accounted for about 9.7 percent of Johnson & Johnson's total revenues for fiscal 2016, and biosimilar competition is expected to reduce U.S. sales, J&J said in its annual report. (Reporting by Joyce Lee; Editing by Grant McCool) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Earn profits from Premium Commercial Properties in India Property Share Top 20 actors who struggled with weight issues SocialDaft! More from The Times of India Show sporting spirit in real life also: SC to Paes Indian-American CEO ordered to pay $135,000 to former worker White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl From the Web More From The Times of India Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.AViral Vacation Ideas 26 photos by NASA that will shock youFropky Chembur Central - Flats start at 42 LacsXRBIA DEVELOPERS LTD Join the all-rounder of insuranceState Farm Insurance How NRIs started a property investment trendSmartOwner Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Mother who stood up to sex pest set ablaze Indian-origin CEO in US beats wife, gets one month in jail after plea deal Xi asks new People's Liberation Army units to be ready for combat, modern warfare Chembur Central - Flats start at 42 Lacs Ad: XRBIA DEVELOPERS LTD CDSCO finds 60 common drugs 'substandard' Drug regulator Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) has found 60 common drugs to be substandard in its latest tests. Cyrus Mistry moves NCLAT, challenges NCLT orders After the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) refused to grant a waiver to Cyrus Mistry’s family firms on the minimum shareholding requirement to petition against Tata Sons, the former Tata Sons chairman moved the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) challenging the NCLT's order. From around the Web 7 bollywood celebrities with royal background CRITICSUNION Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner More From The Times of India bjp owaisi: Asaduddin Owaisi says Muslim vote-bank is a myth OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Read Moreunited statesu s food and drug administrationSouth KoreaSeoulSamsung Group Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Freeport warns Indonesia copper mine workers as Grasberg strike looms Apple self-driving car testing plan gives clues to tech program Panama grants bail to Mossack Fonseca founders in Brazil corruption case U.S. states realign in legal battle over Trump's travel ban 1U.S. FDA approves Samsung Bioepis' copy of J&J's Remicade - company 2Freeport warns Indonesia copper mine workers as Grasberg strike looms 3Apple self-driving car testing plan gives clues to tech program 4Panama grants bail to Mossack Fonseca founders in Brazil corruption case 5U.S. states realign in legal battle over Trump's travel ban Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Yogi Adityanath MCD Election 2017 Wipro Layoff Champions Trophy 2017 Gurdaspur News Paris Shooting Nawaz Sharif Champions League KKR vs GL Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Nawaz Sharif Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Uma Bharti IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Champions Trophy 2017 GL vs KKR, IPL 2017 Noor Review xXx Baahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Erin Moran, Joanie Cunningham in "Happy Days," dies at 56 News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Venezuelans rally for victims Attack toll at 100 casualties Global march in defense of science Health care battle, shutdown vote loom Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Orioles beat Sox, keep on rolling Rangers take out Habs in Game 6 Grizzlies get OT win to tie Spurs UAlbany men's lacrosse rallies past No. 12 Yale Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Think through that 'free' shipping Major changes to credit score calculations VW ordered to pay $2.8 billion Late rally cuts losses Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Photos: Capital Region restaurants in the suburbs Singer, songwriter Sylvia Moy dies at 78 Hear 'Mozart in Havana' at Skidmore 22 things to do this weekend Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Today's Birthdays Canada by rail Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Marlies square playoff series in what may be A-Devils’ Rockefeller Institute finds 71 percent increase in opioid deaths Fashion icon Blake Lively upset she was asked about what she was Mother’s Day TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Hepatitis C hitting young adult New Yorkers as well as baby Churchill: Small cafe is a sign of Albany's growing promise Editorial: A big blow to gun control Uncertain horizons for special transit services Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Old classrooms in Albany, Rotterdam, Troy find new life as House of the Week: Post-modern in Niskayuna 'Brady Bunch' TV mom dropped anchor here Demand builds for starter homes Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Earth Day freebies and deals Tax Day freebies and deals for 2017 Birthday deals and freebies: More than 80 things you can get for Buffalo Wild Wings: Free shareable app when you buy boneless MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Late-rally-cuts-losses-11090784.php Late rally cuts losses Promise of tax cuts from Trump give stocks a fleeting boost Associated Press Published 8:54 pm, Friday, April 21, 2017 Photo: Peter Morgan Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In this evening Friday, Feb. 17, 2017, photo, an American flag hangs on the front of the New York Stock Exchange. European stocks declined while most Asian markets rose Friday, April 21, 2017, ahead of the first round of voting in France's closely watched presidential election. (AP Photo/Peter Morgan) ORG XMIT: NYPM501 less In this evening Friday, Feb. 17, 2017, photo, an American flag hangs on the front of the New York Stock Exchange. European stocks declined while most Asian markets rose Friday, April 21, 2017, ahead of the ... more Photo: Peter Morgan Late rally cuts losses 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York U.S. stocks slumped Friday as financial and health care companies moved lower. Industrial companies rose as stocks continued the up-and-down pattern they've been stuck in for the last month. Stocks slumped in morning trading as banks fell in tandem with bond yields and interest rates and energy companies sank with oil prices. Strong results from Honeywell and aviation electronics maker Rockwell Collins helped industrial firms. Toy maker Mattel plunged after it reported is second disappointing quarter in a row. Stocks climbed in the final minutes of trading and left the Standard & Poor's 500 index 1 percent higher for the week. President Donald Trump gave the market a fleeting boost in the afternoon when he said his administration will release a tax reform proposal next week that includes a large tax cut. He didn't provide details. "I don't think anything's actually going to happen or be implemented any time soon," said Scott Wren, senior global equity strategist for the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. He said he thinks a corporate tax cut is more likely to pass Congress and become law than a tax cut for individuals, and added that he wants the administration to focus on moves that can keep the economy growing. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7.15 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,348.69. The Dow Jones industrial average dipped 30.95 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,547.76. The Nasdaq composite fell 6.26 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,910.52. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks fell 4.30 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,379.85. Financial companies fell Friday. Professional services firm Marsh & McLennan skidded $1.41, or 1.9 percent, to $71.88 and wealth management company Morgan Stanley dipped 70 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $41.80. Bank of America fell 36 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $22.7. Bond prices rose early on but wound up little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.24 percent. Health care companies moved lower. Biotech drugmaker Alexion Pharmaceuticals lost $1.90, or 1.6 percent, to $116.82 and Merck declined 66 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $61.89. Pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts dipped 59 cents to $66.46. Stocks did well this week, but they've wandered up and down over the last few weeks. That may persist. Next Friday the government will release its report on first-quarter GDP growth, something to which investors pay a lot of attention. On the same day, the federal government is scheduled to reach its borrowing limit, which could trigger a government shutdown unless Congress agrees to extend it. "The stock market's been willing to wait to see what, if anything, comes out of Washington," said Wells Fargo's Wren. He adds that stock prices aren't too high even though they've been breaking records lately. Next week the market may also react to the first round of voting in the French presidential election. Most Popular 1 Body found in Hudson River off Rensselaer shore 2 Off-duty cop: Lake George boat passengers 'frantic' 3 I-88 crash kills SUNY Cobleskill student 4 Berne man accused of choking victim, smashing laptop 5 Fired Albany County employee threatened staff, sheriff says 6 UAlbany bus trial testimony hinges on words 7 House of the Week: Post-modern in Niskayuna View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Endocrine Society Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Vonapanitase Boosts Secondary Patency for Hemodialysis VIDEO PodMed: A Medical News Roundup From Johns Hopkins D.C. Week: Trump, House GOP Trying Again for ACA Repeal HCV Treatment Can Avert Transplant Even in Severe Disease Our Love of the Complex? That's Improbable! LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Washington-Watch D.C. Week: Trump, House GOP Trying Again for ACA Repeal Just say 'no' to codeine or tramadol for kids under 12, FDA urges MedpageToday savesaved by Shannon Firth Washington Correspondent, MedPage Today April 22, 2017 WASHINGTON -- House Republicans are ramping up for another shot at repealing the Affordable Care Act and President Trump is itching to get the deal done before his 100th day in office. GOP Leaders Mount New Obamacare Repeal Effort House Republicans are putting together another legislative package to replace the Affordable Care Act that GOP leaders hope can win enough support within their party to ensure passage, Politico reported on Thursday. A deal "brokered by centrist Tuesday Group co-chair Tom MacArthur of New Jersey and hard-right Freedom Caucus head Mark Meadows of North Carolina" would let individual states opt out of certain Obamacare provisions but still force compliance with its most popular elements, such as the ban on excluding coverage of pre-existing conditions, according to Politico. But a similar compromise floated earlier this month broke down when moderates rejected it, leaving it unclear whether this new attempt can succeed. FDA: No Codeine or Tramadol for Children Under 12 -- Period Use of both codeine to treat pain and coughs and tramadol to treat pain are now both contraindicated in young children under the age of 12, said the FDA in a statement. Products containing codeine or tramadol will now carry a "Contraindication" for children under the age of 12, which is the FDA's strongest warning. The agency cited concerns about slowed or difficult breathing or death, especially among younger children and infants in its decision to restrict the use of products containing these two drugs. "We are requiring these changes because we know that some children who received codeine or tramadol have experienced life-threatening respiratory depression and death because they metabolize (or break down) these medicines much faster than usual (called ultra-rapid metabolism), causing dangerously high levels of active drug in their bodies," said Douglas Throckmorton, MD, deputy center director for regulatory programs, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, in a statement. Will Value-Based Payment Actually Work? The move toward value-based payment "sounds so good you can't be against it, but that doesn't really mean you're for it," according to Alan Weil, editor-in-chief of Health Affairs, speaking at a briefing Tuesday. Weil, who moderated a series of panel discussions sponsored by the Commonwealth Fund and the Federation of American Hospitals, noted that different stakeholders view value-based payment in their own ways, but then ignore those differences, such as the anticipated speed of change, incentives on the provider or patient side, and the measurements that are used to assess value. He drew parallels between value-based payment and managed care. "Who's really for 'unmanaged' care?" Weil stated. "But how we manage care or coordinate care is actually very complex." FDA OK's Ranibizumab for All Forms of Diabetic Retinopathy Ranibizumab (Lucentis) received FDA approval Monday for treating diabetic retinopathy in the absence of diabetic macular edema, said manufacturer Genentech. With this approval, ranibizumab -- a vascular endothelial growth factor inhibitor -- becomes the only injectable diabetic retinopathy treatment available for all diabetic retinopathy patients. "Diabetic retinopathy is the leading cause of vision loss among working-aged adults in the U.S. between the ages of 20 and 74. We are very pleased that Lucentis is now FDA-approved to treat retinopathy in people with and without DME," explained Sandra Horning, MD, Genentech's chief medical officer and head of Global Product Development, in a press release. Another Infliximab Biosimilar OK'd The FDA on Friday announced its approval of infliximab-abda, to be sold as Renflexis, as the second biosimilar for the anti-inflammatory biologic agent infliximab (Remicade). The new biosimilar may be used for the same indications as for the original version, but they are not interchangeable. Infliximab-abda is manufactured by Samsung's Bioepis unit for U.S. sale by Merck. Next Week On Tuesday, The Duke Margolis Center for Health Policy will discuss the future of the nation's healthcare and the impact of innovation in the private sector. On Wednesday, the Senate Health, Education, Labor & Pensions Committee will vote on the nomination of Scott Gottlieb, MD, to serve as head of the FDA. On Thursday, the House Committee on Armed Services will discuss post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury. And President Trump will hold a press conference on veterans issues, according to The Hill. On Thursday and Friday, Academy Health will host Health Datapalooza. 2017-04-22T12:00:00-0400 0 comments More in Washington-Watch D.C. Week: Trump, House GOP Trying Again for ACA Repeal GOP Leaders Mount New Obamacare Repeal Effort (Politico) Morning Break: AHCA Blowback; Toxic Social Media; Eye Drops for Jet Lag? D.C. Week: Advisors Back Alternative Payment Model for IBD About Help Center Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your Ad Choices The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. © 2017 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 50° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today A mainly sunny sky. High 73F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Low 46F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 23, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Business Highlights By The Associated Press Apr 21, 2017 Updated Apr 21, 2017 0 ___ Trump says he will release tax reform package next week WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says businesses and individuals will receive a "massive tax cut" under a tax reform package he plans to unveil next week. In an interview with The Associated Press, Trump says the plan will result in tax cuts for both individuals and businesses. ___ Global finance officials argue benefits of free trade WASHINGTON (AP) — The world's major economies are united in their belief that free trade delivers healthy economic growth. But they also agree that more needs to be done for those left behind, and the new Trump administration is letting it be known that it intends to make sure that America's trade deals are fair for U.S. workers. ___ United CEO won't add chairman title in 2018 as was planned DALLAS (AP) — United CEO Oscar Munoz won't automatically become chairman in 2018 as was planned. Munoz, who received compensation worth $18.7 million last year, has been criticized since a passenger was violently removed from a flight this month. ___ US Treasury rejects Exxon Mobil request to drill in Russia WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration has denied a request from Exxon Mobil to waive U.S. sanctions against Russia and allow it to resume oil drilling around the Black Sea. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says in a brief statement that the administration "will not be issuing waivers to U.S. companies, including Exxon, authorizing drilling prohibited by current Russian sanctions." ___ Ivanka Trump's brand ramped up China trademark work in 2016 SHANGHAI (AP) — Ivanka Trump's brand intensified its work in China as her father closed in on the Republican nomination for U.S. president. Her company applied for nearly twice as many trademarks in a five-month span as it had in the preceding eight years. Her brand says it's been working overtime to fend off trademark squatters. The Chinese government says it's given the first daughter no special treatment on her trademarks, which have raised questions about political favoritism. ___ Losses for finance, health care companies send stocks lower NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks slumped Friday as financial and health care companies moved lower. Industrial companies rose as stocks continued the up-and-down pattern they've been stuck in for the last month. ___ Future of revamped health care bill remains dubious in House WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is downplaying the significance of pushing Republican health care legislation through the House next week. That's a retreat from more bullish statements he made recently, which got a skeptical reception at the Capitol. In brief comments to reporters at the White House, Trump says the GOP attempt to revive its drive to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law is "coming along well." ___ San Francisco power outage sparked by equipment failure SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A utility says a San Francisco power outage that stranded people in elevators and left tens of thousands of others in the dark was caused by the massive failure of a circuit breaker that sparked a fire at a power substation. Pacific Gas & Electric said Friday that power had been restored to less than a third of the 90,000 customers who lost power in the Financial District and other areas of the city. PG&E said it expected to restore power to remaining customers by late afternoon. ___ Bebe expects to close all it stores by the end of May NEW YORK (AP) — Bebe says it expects to close all its stores by the end of May. It's the latest trouble for clothing chains as shoppers move online. Other chains that have shuttered locations or retrenched include Abercrombie & Fitch, BCBG, The Limited and Wet Seal. Bebe said in a regulatory filing Friday that it has entered an agreement to sell all the merchandise in its stores and other equipment. ___ Fitch lowers Italy's credit rating to 1 notch above junk Fitch Ratings has downgraded Italy's long-term debt, citing the country's huge debts, stagnant economy and divided politics. Fitch cut the country's rating from BBB+ to BBB, one step above junk-bond status. ___ FDA approves 2nd near-copy of Remicade for immune disorders WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal regulators on Friday approved another alternative version of Remicade, an expensive injected drug widely used for rheumatoid arthritis and other immune system disorders. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Renflexis, developed by Samsung Bioepis Co. of South Korea. Its U.S. partner, Merck & Co. of Kenilworth, New Jersey, will market Renflexis. ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7.15 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,348.69. The Dow Jones industrial average dipped 30.95 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,547.76. The Nasdaq composite fell 6.26 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,910.52. Benchmark U.S. crude shed $1.09, or 2.1 percent, to $49.62 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell $1.03, or 1.9 percent, to $51.96 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 3 cents to $1.64 a gallon and heating oil fell 3 cents to $1.55 a gallon. Natural gas gave up 6 cents to $3.10 per 1,000 cubic feet. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Highlights Business Free Trade International Trade Economy Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Financial Markets Trademarks Intellectual Property Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Healthcare Industry Regulation Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Government Regulations Tax Reform Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Corporate Credit Ratings Financial Performance Corporate News Corporate Credit × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
