Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Development of Farm Animal Healthcare Market in Global Industry : Trends and Application 2017 ALBANY, NY, May 6, 2017 : In this report, the global Farm Animal Healthcare market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Farm Animal Healthcare in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Get PDF for more Professional and Technical insights @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1054664 Global Farm Animal Healthcare market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Bayer Healthcare Boehringer Ingelheim Ceva Animal Health Elanco Merck Merial (Sanofi) Virbac Zoetis Animal Healthcare On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Vaccines Paraciticides Anti-Infectives Medicinal Feed Additives Other Pharmaceuticals On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Farm Animal Healthcare for each application, including Cattle Swine Poultry Fish Sheep Others Table of Contents 2 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Farm Animal Healthcare Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Farm Animal Healthcare Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Farm Animal Healthcare Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Farm Animal Healthcare Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Make an Enquiry of this report @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=1054664 3 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Farm Animal Healthcare Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. ResearchMoz 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PureLink Adds Portable Test Pattern Generator to Its HDMI 2.0 Offerings Next PostNext Harvey Law Group Sponsors Guyana, Russia Teams at World Rugby Sevens Search Recent Posts GrandSouth Bancorporation (GRRB: OTCQB) | GrandSouth Bancorporation reports earnings for the first quarter of 2017 IBM Security Executives to Present at KuppingerCole European Identity & Cloud Conference Fortem Technologies, Inc. Closes Additional $5.5M Financing Led By Signia Venture Partners And Data Collective BUYINS.NET: CFX SqueezeTrigger Price is $38.74. There is $110,015,943 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Fortem Technologies, Inc. Closes Additional $5.5M Financing Led By Signia Venture Partners And Data Collective RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Police investigate armed robbery in North Greenbush News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Congress to hear Obama official Trump seeking to free up controls on land Presidential race an unprecedented shocker Religious groups split on Trump political order Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Zimmerman leads Nats to another win Mets' blowout victory could be costly Durant picks up Warriors Yankees drub Cubs for 4th straight Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Attitudes toward women on agenda Drugmakers try refunds to boost sales Photos: Open house Stocks surge on job gains Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories 'Superstore' season ends with disaster Martin's presence makes it tough to keep a straight face Good things to do for the week ahead A 'robust' Broadway season leads to Tony nods for 25 shows Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories A world away from Ipanema 20 things you don’t know about me: Brian Cody Local businesses celebrate Cinco de Mayo with freebies, parties 2017 summer camp guide is here Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Waves of history at Sodus Bay Lighthouse ARA: Should I stop inviting people who don’t RSVP? An interview with legendary game designer Phil Eklund UAlbany grad students raise money for a nonprofit TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Netflix series '13 Reasons Why' raises suicide concerns, Iorizzo: After fire, Schenectady school rebuilds — with Churchill: Should hotel tax breaks reward Pyramid? Editorial: There's still time for reform Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Real estate market check High & Low House of the Week: Iconic in Slingerlands Demand builds for starter homes Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Best (and worst) things to buy in May Teachers eat free at Recovery Sports Grill on Tuesday, May 2 Live Nation offering $20 tickets to 20 upcoming SPAC shows Coupons in your Sunday Times Union (April 30) MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Drugmakers-try-refunds-to-boost-sales-11126678.php Drugmakers try refunds to boost sales ''Heart attack and your money back'' among the offers By Linda A. Johnson, Assoicated Press Published 3:35 pm, Saturday, May 6, 2017 Photo: Robert Dawson Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - This undated file image provided by Amgen Inc. shows the cholesterol-lowering drug Repatha. Warranties and money-back guarantees, long used to entice buyers of products like outdoor clothing and appliances, are now being used to sell something more vital: pricey new-generation drugs for diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and cancer. Drugmaker Amgen announced a deal the first week of May 2017 with insurer Harvard Pilgrim that will give the insurer a refund if a patient has a heart attack while on its $14,000-a-year cholesterol drug, Repatha. (Robert Dawson/Amgen via AP, File) ORG XMIT: NYBZ301 less FILE - This undated file image provided by Amgen Inc. shows the cholesterol-lowering drug Repatha. Warranties and money-back guarantees, long used to entice buyers of products like outdoor clothing and ... more Photo: Robert Dawson Drugmakers try refunds to boost sales 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Trenton, N.J. Warranties and money-back guarantees, long used to entice buyers of products like hand tools and kitchen gadgets, are now being used to sell something more crucial: pricey new-generation drugs for diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and cancer. Deals being negotiated between drugmakers and the insurers who buy medicines now sometimes include extra rebates — or even full refunds — if drugs don't help patients as expected. It's part of an effort driven by insurers and government health programs to align the cost of care with the quality of care, and slow the relentless growth of prescription drug costs. "We're spending less money on drugs that are less effective," said Dr. Michael Sherman, chief medical officer for the not-for-profit insurer Harvard Pilgrim, which has several of these deals and is negotiating more. Sherman says 25 cents of every $1 it spends on patient care goes to prescription drugs. For the patient, it doesn't mean a check in the mail if cancer comes back after a round of treatment. But it does mean patients could get a drug that an insurer might otherwise be unwilling to pay for and that might help them. And insurers, who now can track how patients fare through electronic medical records, will be reducing wasteful spending and making at least a dent in overall health care costs. "It's going to be part of the solution" to soaring drug prices, predicts Roger Longman, CEO of Real Endpoints, an analytics company that assesses the value of medicines for drugmakers, insurers and other clients. Many new drugs now top $100,000 per year or course of treatment, even though their benefits are unclear or only marginally better than cheaper, older drugs. Buyers of those new drugs, usually insurance companies, are hesitant to pay without assurance the drugs will help patients. Not only is that bad for patients, it makes insurers spend even more on complications and hospital stays if the drugs don't work. As a result, insurers often restrict access to expensive new drugs. Sometimes that's achieved by making patients pay more out of their own pockets, or making doctors wade through red tape to get authorization for a patient's medicine. Sometimes patients have to try cheaper drugs first, and only when they fail — and the patients' health has deteriorated — are they allowed to get the pricey new drug. Pharmaceutical companies have an incentive here, too: These deals may help them sell more of the new drug they've spent hundreds of millions of dollars or more developing. For example, a new generation of injected cholesterol drugs does an impressive job of reducing so-called bad cholesterol. But the drugs — Amgen's Repatha and Sanofi's Praluent — cost $14,000 a year, while cheap generic pills do a good job of lowering cholesterol for most people for $300 a year or less. Predictably, insurers often reject prescriptions for these drugs. So Amgen, trying to boost disappointing sales for a drug expected to be a huge seller, is offering full refunds to insurers if patients have a heart attack or stroke while taking its drug. On Tuesday, Amgen announced its first deal to do so, with Harvard Pilgrim. Sanofi has a contract with insurer Cigna to pay extra rebates if patient cholesterol doesn't fall as much as expected. "It demonstrates the fact that we are standing behind the value the product has, and we're willing to put some money behind it," said James Borneman, Sanofi's head of strategic pricing. Some insurers are demanding these deals, which are expected to become standard for some drugs: super-expensive medicines for cancer and rare diseases, and others that are used widely enough to cost insurers millions. In addition, the drugs must have a benefit that's easy to measure, such as keeping kids with asthma out of the emergency room or preventing growth of cancerous tumors for a certain period. Cigna has been pursuing more of these types of deals after finding that some of its earlier efforts "met or exceeded expectations in terms of benefit to our customers, patients," said Chris Bradberry, who heads Cigna's prescription benefit program. One of its early deals, with drugmaker Merck for its diabetes pills Januvia and Janumet, dates to 2009, with rebates pegged to how much patients lower blood sugar. "We keep re-signing that agreement, so I think they're pretty satisfied," said Bob McMahon, head of U.S. marketing at Merck, which also has such contracts with insurers and hospital systems covering medicines for infections and high cholesterol. Other companies with such deals for one or more medicines include drugmakers Eli Lilly, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, Novo Nordisk and Roche's Genentech unit; insurers Aetna and Priority Health, and prescription benefit manager Express Scripts. On their own, these deals are unlikely to reverse the persistent rise in medical spending, experts say. But they improve the chance that the money will at least go to treatments that work best — by making sure insurers and drug companies have something at stake along with the patient. "There's a risk on both sides with these contracts," said Dr. Mark Fendrick, director of the University of Michigan's Center for Value-Based Insurance Design. "Both want to make sure they'll get the outcome they want." Most Popular 1 Father, son among three charged in Rotterdam bar brawl 2 Albany man gets 23 1/2 years for drug charges 3 Thousands without power after Friday winds whip through 4 FCC to 'take appropriate action' against Colbert following... 5 Outage causes shock to Glenmont Walmart employee 6 Split verdict in Crossgates Mall gunfire trial 7 Albany County man faces sex abuse charge View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Shingles Treatment Market 2016-2023 Outlook Analysis Report Release By DecisionDatabases DecisionDatabases.com offers Shingles Treatment Market Research Report. This Report covers the complete Industry Outlook, Growth, Size, Share and Forecast Till 2023. The report on global shingles treatment market evaluates the growth trends of the industry through historical study and estimates future prospects based on comprehensive research. The report extensively provides the market share, growth, trends and forecasts for the period 2016-2023. The market size in terms of revenue (USD MN) is calculated for the study period along with the details of the factors affecting the market growth (drivers and restraints). The major market drivers are Advancement in technology and Rising geriatric population. The market growth might be restricted due Expensive cost of antibodies and Unfavorable reimbursement policies under the study period. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-16967 The comprehensive value chain analysis of the market will assist in attaining better product differentiation, along with detailed understanding of the core competency of each activity involved. The market attractiveness analysis provided in the report aptly measures the potential value of the market providing business strategists with the latest growth opportunities. The report classifies the market into different segments based on treatment type, route of administration and end-user type. These segments are studied in detail incorporating the market estimates and forecasts at regional and country level. The segment analysis is useful in understanding the growth areas and probable opportunities of the market. The report also covers the complete competitive landscape of the worldwide market with company profiles of key players such as Astellas Pharma, Beijing Minhai Biotechnology Co., Epiphany Biosciences, Foamix Ltd., GeneOne Life Science, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Merck & Co., NAL Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Novartis, Roche Pharmaceuticals and TSRL, Inc. In terms of geography, the shingles treatment market has been segmented into regions such as North America (NA), Europe (EU), Asia Pacific (APAC), Latin America (LA) & Middle East & Africa (MEA). The study provides a detailed view of country-level aspects of the market on the basis of application segments and estimates the market in terms of revenue and volume during the forecast period. Table Of Contents – Overview 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Analysis 4. Shingles Treatment Market Analysis By Treatment Type 5. Shingles Treatment Market Analysis By Route Of Administration 6. Shingles Treatment Market Analysis By End-User Type 7. Shingles Treatment Market Analysis By Geography 8. Competitive Landscape Of The Shingles Treatment Companies 9. Company Profiles Of The Shingles Treatment Industry Purchase Complete Global Shingles Treatment Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-16967 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsGlobal Shingles Treatment Market Report, Shingles Treatment, Shingles Treatment Industry, Shingles Treatment Industry Outlook, Shingles Treatment Industry Report, Shingles Treatment Market, Shingles Treatment Market Analysis, Shingles Treatment Market Growth, Shingles Treatment Market Report, Shingles Treatment Market Share, Shingles Treatment Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious As Hollywood taps Into A.I., what would you build with IBM Watson? Submit your idea by May 18 Next PostNext Lubricating Oil Market – Global Industry Analysis 2024 Search Recent Posts 2017 Dairy Award Winners Environmentally Conscious CAIR Questions South Dakota Officials Attendance at Anti-Muslim Hate Groups Event Archbishops highlight the place of faith in British life PARTNER WITH VDOT FOR SAFETY IN WORK ZONES – National Work Zone Awareness Week is April 3-7 VDOT, FAMILY TO HONOR FALLEN HIGHWAY WORKER AT WORKERS’ MEMORIAL VIGIL TONIGHT ON AFTON MOUNTAIN – VDOT veteran’s name added to memorial this year   RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Psoriasis Treatment Market Research Report by Geographical Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Psoriasis Treatment Market This report on the Psoriasis Treatment market analyzes the current and future scenario of the global market. Approval of new biologics, increase in access for the treatment in developing market, increase in the number of psoriasis patients, are boosting the growth of the global Psoriasis Treatment market. Increase in the incidence of Psoriasis and skin disorders, and novel pipeline drugs are some of the factors expected to drive the growth of global Psoriasis Treatment market during the forecast period. The Psoriasis Treatment market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes market snapshot that provides information about various segments. It also provides information and data analysis of the global market with respect to the segments based on products, distribution channel, therapy type and geography. A detailed qualitative analysis of drivers and restraints, and opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. Additionally, the section comprises Porter’s Five Forces Analysis to help understand the competitive landscape in the market. This section also provides market attractiveness analysis in terms of geography and market share analysis by key players, thus presenting a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global Psoriasis Treatment market. This 178 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Psoriasis Treatment Market. Browse through 24 data tables and 65 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/psoriasis-treatment-ma… In this report, the market segments have been analyzed based on availability of approved products, cost-effectiveness, and preference for technological systems by physicians and patients. The market size and forecast for each of these segments have been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2015 as the base year. Based on product type, the market has been segmented into TNF Inhibitors, Vitamin D analogues or its combination, Interleukin Blockers and Others. Interleukin blockers segment is likely to be the most attractive segment in the near future due to its increasing use and its ability to act selectively by targeting the proteins. The segment is expected to grow at a highest CAGR rate during forecast period. Based on Therapy type, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been segmented into Topical Therapeutic Drugs, Systemic Therapeutic Drugs, Combinations of therapies & others. The market segments have been extensively analyzed based on increase in demand for the therapies, availability of the drug products, and cost of therapy and severity of the disease. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Psoriasis Treatment Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Different types of distribution channels are responsible for making the psoriasis treatment available in the market. The distribution channels are Hospital pharmacy, Retail pharmacy and the online sales. Under the distribution channel segment, hospital pharmacy plays a major role followed by retail pharmacy and online sales. Geographically, the global Psoriasis Treatment market has been categorized into five major regions and the key countries in the respective region: North America (U.S. and Canada), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Spain, Italy, and Rest of Europe), Asia Pacific (India, Japan, China, Australia & New Zealand, and Rest of Asia Pacific), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, and Rest of Latin America) and Middle East & Africa (South Africa, Saudi Arabia, and Rest of Middle East & Africa). The report also profiles major players in the global Psoriasis Treatment market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, SWOT analysis, and recent developments. Major players profiled in this report include Amgen Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Novartis AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., AstraZeneca, AbbVie Inc., LEO Pharma A/S and Biogen. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Micro Guide Catheters Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext White Biotechnology Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024 Search Recent Posts School Lunches To Suck More Like They Used To As Hollywood taps Into A.I., what would you build with IBM Watson? Submit your idea by Drink Nestle Pure Life Water for Health & Fun Ultimate Man Cave Furniture Guide Released By All Man Cave Furniture Pittsburg Unified School District’s Los Medanos Elementary School Recognized for High Achievement in Student Success RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kaposi Sarcoma Market – Positive long-term growth outlook 2024 Kaposi Sarcoma Market Kaposi sarcoma is a soft tissue sarcoma that develops in connective tissues, blood vessels, fibrous tissues, and muscles. It is a malignant, multi-centric, neoplastic vascular proliferation, characterized by the development of bluish-red cutaneous nodules on the feet. According to the U.S. Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Kaposi sarcoma is considered an acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) defining disease. This report analyzes the current and future prospects of the market based on type of treatment, distribution channel, and geography. This 131 page report gives readers a comprehensive overview of the Kaposi Sarcoma Market. Browse through 23 data tables and 35 figures to unlock the hidden opportunities in this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/kaposis-sarcoma-market… The report is a combination of primary and secondary research, conducted for understanding and arriving at trends, used to forecast the expected revenue of major Kaposi sarcoma therapies in the near future. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts with information collected from in-depth interviews and discussions with a number of key industry experts and opinion leaders. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, investor presentations, and various international and national databases. The report provides estimated market size in terms of US$ Mn for each treatment method, distribution channel, and geography for the period 2014 to 2024, considering the macro and micro environmental factors. The revenue generated from each treatment method was calculated by considering number of patients, average cost of the drugs, trends in the industry, distribution channel trends, and adoption rate of therapy across all the geographies. The revenues generated from services, including surgery and radiation therapy were calculated based on the costs and average number of procedures. The market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, which includes a market snapshot that provides information about various segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the market with respect to market segments based on type of treatment, distribution channel, and geography. The market overview section of the report analyzes market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, and opportunities that influence the Kaposi sarcoma market in the current and future scenario. The report provides the list of drugs in various stages of clinical trials, which are expected to shape the future course of the market, through pipeline analysis. The report also provides value chain analysis of the market that describes the sequence of activities from drug manufacturing to the final destination, which is the end user. Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the Kaposi Sarcoma Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Market share analysis is provided to highlight percentage share of the major players operating in the market. All these factors will help market players to decide business strategies and plans to strengthen their position in the global market. Based on geography, the market has been analyzed for major regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa. Market forecast for major countries in these regions have also been provided for the forecast period. In addition, this report includes a list of recommendations to aid new entrants and established players in taking strategic initiatives to strengthen their presence in the market. The report also profiles the major players in the market and provides various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major companies profiled in the Kaposi sarcoma market report are Bristol – Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly and Co., Hoffman-La Roche, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., and Schering Plough Corporation (Merck & Co., Inc.) About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Advanced Wound Care Management Market Research Report by Key Players Analysis Next PostNext Medical Sensors Market will rise to US$ 2,476.8 Million by 2024 Search Recent Posts The SDR Show Welcomes Reality TV Superstar Carson Kressley for a Queer Eye Reunion Apple celebrates one billion iPhones Apple Reports Third Quarter Results Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call Apple &amp; Donate Life America bring organ donation to iPhone RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Veterinary Therapeutics Market: Rising Global Demand for Improved Veterinary Therapeutic Capabilities to Stimulate Market’s Growth The global veterinary therapeutics market has witnessed growth at a significant rate in the past few years, owing chiefly to the rising awareness about health and well-being of companion as well as livestock animals. The market is driven by factors such as the increase in ownership of companion animals, rapid introduction of new products capable of combating new varieties of diseases in animals, increased affordability of treatments, and rising expenditure on animal health. Transparency Market Research estimates that the global veterinary therapeutics market will exhibit a healthy 6.7% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024. Expanding at this pace, the market, which had a valuation of US$26.9 bn in 2015, is projected to reach US$50.2 bn by 2024. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/veterinary-therapeutic… Veterinary Therapeutics Drugs Emerge as Most Preferred Product Variety Of the key product segments in the global veterinary therapeutics market, drugs emerged as the leading segment, accounting for a revenue share of 56.2% of the global market in 2015. Of the key varieties of veterinary drugs examined in the report, the segments of anti-infectives and parasiticides collectively accounted for dominant share of the drugs segment in 2015. These segments are also estimated to dominate the market over the forecasting horizon owing to the high demand for preventive measures against various infectious diseases as well as endoparasites and ectoparasites. The demand for anti-inflammatory drugs is also expected to see a significant rise in the near future as the significance of pain management and the use of NSAIDs, especially in animals, has augmented radically. The segment of veterinary vaccines is expected to exhibit healthy growth in the next few years owing to development of novel approaches such as recombinant vaccines and DNA vaccines. The rising awareness about prevention and well-being of both livestock as well as companion animals is expected to boost the global demand for veterinary vaccines over the next few years. North America to Retain Dominance; Latin America Presents Most Promising Growth Opportunities The global veterinary therapeutics market is well developed and earns a substantial share of its revenues from developed regions such as North America and Europe. However, regions such as Latin America and Asia Pacific also exhibit significant potential for healthy growth of the veterinary therapeutics market. The market for veterinary therapeutics in North America presently dominates the global market. Factors such as the presence of superior animal health care base, strong economic growth, increasing trend of pet ownership, and higher emphasis on the prevention of diseases by veterinarians and owners are key to North America’s dominance in the global veterinary therapeutics market. The region’s rapidly increasing demand for animal food products is also expected to propel the livestock animals segment. The segment of companion animals in the region is expanding owing to factors such as the rising pet population and introduction of new product by global players. Make an Enquiry @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In Latin America, which is expected to emerge as one of the most promising markets for veterinary therapeutics, the rising capacity of meat production in countries such as Brazil is compelling several global players to increase their presence to exploit the vast growth opportunities that the region has to offer. Latin America is expected to emerge as one of the leading meat exporters in the world over the course of the next few years. Hence, market vendors are investing in the region to manage the potential rise in demand for drugs, vaccines, and medicated feed additives for the future rise in population of livestock animals. Many domestic vendors in the region have increased their focus on the specialization of swine therapeutics. The segment of poultry therapeutics is also expected to be an attractive area for investment in the region over the next few years. Some of the key vendors operating in the global veterinary therapeutics market are Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica, Bayer Animal Health, Inc., Dechra Animal Health, Ceva Sante Animale, Elanco Animal Health, Merck Animal Health, Virbac S.A., Merial Animal Health, Zoetis, Inc., and Vetoquinol S.A. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Jordan Exteriors Earns Esteemed 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award Next PostNext Global Vascular Access Devices Market is Expected to Reach US$8.6 bn by 2024 Search Recent Posts Medical Groups Join Forces to Improve Cardiac Imaging Use in Children Cellcom Israel Ltd. Announces Sale Of Holdings In Indirect Subsidiary Online Fashion E-Retailer Upgrades Payment System, Ensuring Convenience and Security Medical Groups Join Forces to Improve Cardiac Imaging Use in Children Online Fashion E-Retailer Upgrades Payment System, Ensuring Convenience and Security RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Environment How Big Pharma Is Making Huge Profits From Torturing and Killing Horses Recent investigations have revealed inhumane practices that have shocked even experienced animal welfare experts. By Hannah Lownsbrough / AlterNet May 5, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: Tillottama/Shutterstock Big pharmaceutical corporations are far from having an unblemished record when it comes to their treatment of animals. But recent investigations conducted by the German Animal Welfare Foundation have revealed practices involving horses have shocked even experienced animal welfare experts. According to the Animal Welfare Foundation, the German corporation IDT Biologika has fostered a lucrative relationship with horse farms in Argentina and Uruguay in order to procure the hormone PMSG, now more correctly called equine chorionic gonadotropin (eCG), for their products. The hormone is only found in the blood of mares in early pregnancy, so farms repeatedly impregnate the horses, and siphon off as many as ten liters of blood in a single session, week after week, over a period of up to 11 months to secure the hormone. Once extracted, PMSG/eCG is mainly used to make products that manipulate the breeding cycle of pigs. Administered by injection, it synchronizes pigs' cycles and makes the industrial production of piglets more efficient.   For some horses, the procedures used to harvest the blood cause anemia and, given the huge volumes of blood removed (up to a quarter of the total blood volume), can send them into shock—or even lead to death. The survivors will have their pregnancies terminated, so the cycle can begin again. Around 30 percent of horses die as a result of this endless cycle of repeated impregnation and blood harvesting. Those that do survive are shipped straight to slaughter once they are too old or weak to become pregnant. For members of SumOfUs (of which I am the executive director), these were facts that could not be ignored. 200,000 of us called on IDT Biologika to do the right thing, delivering a petition to their headquarters in Germany on April 19, when a group of campaign supporters turned up on the doorstep of the corporation. SumOfUs members also bombarded the corporation’s Facebook page, calling on them to justify their practices. We asked for a sit-down conversation with IDT Biologika representatives, but they were not willing to meet. IDT Biologika's refusal to talk is not entirely surprising. Big pharmaceutical corporations have a long history of believing themselves to be above public opinion. Whether finding favor with President Trump or lobbying for trade deals that would push up their profits, big pharma has earned its dubious reputation. The evidence, however, is that no matter how large and powerful the corporation, people power has the potential to challenge their status. Our petition delivery was covered widely in German media, and interest has extended into the international media. Legislators are also starting to pay attention. Last summer, our campaign partners from the Animal Welfare Foundation met with officials at the EU Commission in Brussels to discuss the practice, and officials committed to review the research evidence with a view to taking action. Whatever their approach to addressing the criticism, IDT Biologika can no longer assume that battening down the hatches and disregarding the complaints will make the problem go away. Whatever pharmaceutical corporations choose to believe about their own invulnerability, however, the truth is different. Time and again, activists have proven themselves stronger than big pharma's corporate defenses. People-powered victories against big pharma have a long and honorable history, including wins that produced seismic shifts in global health crises, such as the Treatment Action Campaign’s victories in securing access to affordable medicines to treat and manage HIV/AIDS in South Africa. Smaller-scale breakthroughs are more frequent: SumOfUs members were part of a global outcry in response to the behavior of Martin Shkreli, the hedge fund manager who acquired patents to essential medicines and forced a huge price increase, jeopardizing access to health care for millions of people at risk of contracting malaria, or living with HIV / AIDS. More recently for SumOfUs, our members celebrated progress against pharmaceutical behemoth Merck, Sharp and Dohme (MSD), which recently stopped sourcing the controversial hormone in South America for its European markets. This is an indication that they are becoming concerned about associating themselves with the practice, as the “blood farming” approach has mostly been found in Argentina and Uruguay to date. MSD's starting to distance themselves from these inhumane practices leave IDT Biologika isolated: It is the last manufacturer in Germany that still gets PMSG/eCG from horse blood procured in these farms. The company’s complicity in buying from farms that use these methods damages its brand, and diminishes its public credibility. SumOfUs members have already demonstrated that even "big" pharma is dwarfed when it takes on public opinion. IDT Biologika could save itself a great deal of trouble by reaching the same conclusion, and kicking these cruel processes out of its supply chain.Sign the petition asking IDT Biologika to cut its ties with these cruel blood farms. Hannah Lownsbrough is the executive director at SumOfUs, an international consumer watchdog.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg WATCH: Delta Flight Attendant Threatens Parents with Jail for Refusing to Give Up 2-Year-Old Son's Seat Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 07:35 The 'Pro-Life' Party Has Become the Party of Death: New Research on Why Republicans Hate Poor and Sick People Chauncey DeVega / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 14:27 Surprising Stuff Happens to Men Who Earn Less Than Their Wives Lynn Stuart Parramore / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 13:57 'It's F*cking Racist': Watch a Black Teen Confront His White Teacher Who Insists on Using the N-Word Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/05/2017 - 07:45 Republicans' Vicious and Immoral Health Care Bill Is Just Part of a Sinister Long Game Thom Hartmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/05/2017 - 08:20 Stephen Colbert Lets James Comey Have It: 'You Screwed the Country' Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 05:20 There's a Lot of Worry That Trump Is a Dangerous Authoritarian—Could It Be That We Barely Have a President at All? David Klion / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/05/2017 - 12:39 Psychopaths Are Most Likely to Study This in College Dana Dovey / Medical Daily Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 16:47 Rachel Maddow Details the Carnage Trumpcare Will Inflict on Tens of Millions of Americans Egberto Willies / DailyKos Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/05/2017 - 06:41 The Destructive Ignorance of Donald Trump's Supporters Appears to Know No Limits Bob Cesca / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 07:28 Today's Top Stories News & Politics There's a Lot of Worry That Trump Is a Dangerous Authoritarian—Could It Be That We Barely Have a President at All? Media Stephen Colbert to be Investigated by FCC after 'Offensive' Trump Joke Activism Why the GOP's Vote to Repeal Obamacare Could Send a Democratic Majority to Washington in 2018 Grayzone Project French Voters Face Presidential Election Between Xenophobic Candidate & Centrist Investment Banker Human Rights This Problem Isn't Going Away: Heartless Police Shootings of Unarmed Black Americans Continue Into the Trump Era Sex & Relationships Scientific Study Reminds Us of the Deep Truth About One-Night Stands The Right Wing The Republican Party Is Sociopathic: If You Didn’t Know that Already, the Health Care Bill Should Make It Clear Personal Health America’s Health Is in the Hands of GOP Frat Boys The Right Wing Feds Are Likely Trying to 'Flip' Trump Officials to Testify Against White House Higher-Ups, Says Ex-CIA Officer Education NY Times Lets a Charter School Propagandist Distort the Facts on Its Op-Ed Page Media Here's How Web Service Cloudflare Helps Serve up Hate on the Internet That Fuels Real-Life Killings Environment Trump's Disastrous Decision to Ruin America's Prize National Monuments Activism Convicted for Laughing at Jeff Sessions? It Would Be Funny If It Weren't So Serious—This Is an Attack on Protest Itself Environment How Big Pharma Is Making Huge Profits From Torturing and Killing Horses News & Politics Republican Senator Demonstrates the Impact of Jimmy Kimmel's Appeal to Protect Those with Pre-Existing Conditions Environment Flint Water Crisis: More Than 8,000 Residents at Risk of Losing Homes After Refusing to Pay for Poisoned Water Environment Democrats Are Pulling Out All the Stops to Protect the Arctic From Trump FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Millennials Spend More on Coffee Than on Retirement Savings—and Now They Can Get Their Caffeine Boost in a Chewable Cube Should the Fossil Fuel Industry Have Access to the U.N. Climate Talks? 50 Preexisting Conditions That Can Make You Lose Your Insurance If Trump and GOP Have Their Way ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
